# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks described below may not be exhaustive, or the only ones relevant to us, the Equity Shares or the industry segments in which we currently operate. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or which we currently deem to be immaterial, may arise or may become material in the future. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial implication of any of the risks mentioned below. If any or a combination of the following risks or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial actually occur, our business, cash flows, prospects, results of operations and financial condition could suffer, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline and investors may lose all or part of their investment. Further, some events may be material collectively rather than individually._ 

_Prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview”, “Key Regulations and Policies in India” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments” on pages 150, 111, 170, 328 and 366, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examinations of us and the terms of the Offer, including the merits and the risks involved, and consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the consequences of investing in the Offer. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that we are subject to extensive regulatory environments that may differ significantly from one jurisdiction to another._ 

_Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information used in this section is derived from our Restated Consolidated Financial Information. For further details, please see “Financial Statements” on page 218. This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements because of certain factors, including but not limited to the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 23._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the report ‘Independent Market Report on the Gaming and Esports Industry in India’ dated January 8, 2021 prepared and released by Frost & Sullivan (the “_ **_Frost & Sullivan Report_** _” or “_ **_F&S Report_** _”), which has been commissioned by us in connection with the Offer. Neither we, nor the BRLMs, nor any other person connected with the Offer has independently verified any third-party statistical, financial and other industry information in the Frost & Sullivan Report. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the Frost & Sullivan Report and included herein with respect to any particular year, refers to such information for the relevant calendar year._ 

# **INTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

**Risks relating to our Company, Subsidiaries, Business and Industry** 

# **_1. There are certain proceedings involving our Company which if determined against us, may have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows and results of operations._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company. Brief details of material outstanding litigation that have been <u>initiated by and against our Company are set forth below:</u> 

|**_Type of Proceedings_**|**_Number of Cases_**|**_Amount, to the extentquantifiable(in_**`**_million)_**|
|---|---|---|
|**_Litigation by our Company_**|||
|Material civil litigationproceedings|2|82.51|
|**_Litigation by our Subsidiaries_**|||
|Material civil litigationproceedings|1|27.87<sup>@</sup>|



_@ 32,404,603 BDT (calculated for the exchange rate of BDT as on January 31, 2021)_ 

For details, see “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” on page 366. 

Further, pursuant to an inspection of our Company on August 19, 2020 under the Central Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017, our Company has submitted certain documents and clarifications to the relevant authority on September 9, 2020 and our CFO appeared before the authorities on September 17, 2020. Our Company is yet to receive any further communication in this regard. 

We cannot assure you that these proceedings will be decided in our favour. If any new developments arise, such as a change in Indian law or rulings against us by appellate courts or tribunals, we may need to make provisions that could increase our expenses and current liabilities. Further, such proceedings could divert management time and attention and consume financial resources in their defence or prosecution. We cannot assure you that any of these matters will be settled in our favour or that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. An adverse outcome in any of these proceedings could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

24 

**_2. There have been certain instances of non-compliances, including with respect to certain regulatory filings for corporate actions taken by our Company in the past. Consequently, we may be subject to regulatory actions and penalties for any such non-compliance and our business, financial condition and reputation may be adversely affected._** 

There have been certain instances of lapses such as delays, non-filing and factual errors in our corporate records, in relation to certain corporate actions taken by our Company in the past. We have also sought extension of time from regulatory and statutory authorities in the past, in relation to certain filings and compliances, and waiver of late submission fee for delayed filings. Further, certain corporate records of our Company are not traceable. This may subject us to regulatory actions and/or penalties which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and reputation. For instance, there have been the following instances of delays and non-compliances in relation to regulatory filings: 

- In relation to allotments made by our Company on September 5, 2000 and May 11, 2007, Form 2’s filed with the RoC are not traceable. Our Company has filed the relevant Form 2 i.e., Form PAS-3, under the Companies Act, 2013, on December 22, 2017, with a delay of 6,316 and 3,877 days, respectively, and our Managing Director, Vikash Mittersain has filed a compounding application dated December 29, 2017 for the said delay with the Registrar of Companies. Subsequently, our Company submitted certain documents requested by the RoC on March 18, 2019, in this regard. 

- While our Company has received the certificate of incorporation for change of name from Nazara.com Private Limited to Nazara Technologies Private Limited, the Form 23 that was filed with respect to the change in the MoA to reflect the new name of our Company is not traceable; 

- While our Company has received the certificate of incorporation for change of name from Nazara.com Private Limited to Nazara Technologies Private Limited, the forms filed before the RoC with respect to the change of name from Nazara.Com Private Limited to Nazara Technologies Private Limited including Form 1A are not traceable; 

- In relation to allotments made by our Company on September 5, 2000 and July 6, 2005, Form FC – GPRs are not traceable, and therefore there can be no assurance that such forms were filed within the prescribed timelines, in the prescribed formats or at all; 

- The Form 2’s filed with RoC in relation to allotment of Equity Shares on April 10, 2000, July 6, 2005 and September 28, 2005 had erroneously recorded that all Equity Shares were issued at par whereas the Equity Shares were issued at a premium. 

Further, in the past, there have been certain instances of lapses in compliance with the Companies Act and tax-related noncompliances by some of our Subsidiaries, including those that may have occurred prior to our investment in and/or acquisition of such Subsidiaries. Instances of such non-compliance include, an instance of late filing of form CHG 4, delay in filing of Form MGT-6, reflecting a change in beneficial interest for certain shareholders, owing to non-intimation of the change in beneficial interest by the relevant shareholder, appointment of a director without obtaining shareholders’ approval, reduction in number of shareholders below the statutory prescribed limit, lapse in signing annual returns, non-implementation of a risk management policy, non-compliance with corporate requirements while accepting a loan from a director, and failure to obtain requisite corporate authorisations for related party transactions. 

Our Company has undertaken physical inspection of the records of the RoC and downloaded the relevant e-forms available on the MCA portal. Further, our Company has also visited offices of the relevant authorities (i.e., RoC and RBI) and has searched the Company’s premises to locate the aforementioned documents but was unable to trace them. Accordingly, the Company has, wherever possible (e.g., Form PAS-3 for allotments made on September 5, 2000 and May 11, 2007), filed such form with a delay with the relevant authority basis information/ documents available with our Company. Our Company does not envisage any impact on the financials on account of such unavailability of records. 

Our Company had also received a letter dated May 14, 2018 from the RoC stating that we were required for file Form CRL-1 pursuant to Companies (Restriction on Number of Layers) Rules, 2017. While our Company has replied to the RoC pursuant to a letter dated May 23, 2018, clarifying that this requirement is not applicable to the Company, the RoC may raise such or any other such queries in future, as well. Further, we cannot assure you that such inaccuracies, non-compliances or delays will not happen in the future and that our Company or our Subsidiaries will not be subject to any action, including monetary penalties by statutory or regulatory authorities on account of any inadvertent discrepancies in, or non-availability of, or delays in filing of, any of its secretarial records and filings. 

# **_3. One of our Group Companies has incurred losses in the last three Financial Years._** 

Our Group Company, MLTL, has incurred losses in Financial Years 2020, 2019 and 2018. For further details, see “Our Group Companies” on page 214. We cannot assure you that our Group Companies will not incur losses in the future, or that such losses will not adversely affect our reputation or our business. 

25 

# **_4. We have had negative cash flows in the past and it is possible that we may experience negative cash flows in the future._** 

The table below sets forth selected information from our statements of cash flows in the periods indicated below. 

||||_(in_|`_million)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Six month period ended September 30, 2020**|**Fi**|**nancial Y**|**ear**|
|||**2020**|**2019**|**2018**|
|Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities|(65.66)|(22.03)|192.30|<br>31.72|
|Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities|189.85|88.95|(674.72)|(182.71)|
|Net cash flow generated from/(used in) financing activities|(22.14)|33.66|59.35|<br>371.15|
|Net increase in cash and cash equivalents|102.05|100.58|(423.07)|220.16|



For further details, see “Financial Statements” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 218 and 328, respectively. 

# **_5. We reported a restated loss in Financial Year 2020 and for the six month period ended September 30, 2020 and may incur additional losses in the future._** 

We reported a restated loss of ₹266.15 million and ₹101.07 million in Financial Year 2020 and the six month period ended September 30, 2020, respectively. We may incur losses after tax in the future. Our failure to generate profits may adversely affect the market price of our Equity Shares, restrict our cash flows and ability to pay dividends and impair our ability to raise capital and expand our business. 

# **_6. Halaplay and Sports Unity have unsecured loans, which may be recalled at any time. Any recall of such loans may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

Halaplay and Sports Unity have obtained unsecured loans, which may be recalled at any time at the option of the lender. If such unsecured loans are recalled at any time, the cash flows and financial condition of our Subsidiaries may be adversely affected. For further information, see “Financial Indebtedness” beginning on page 365. 

# **_7. Our business operations are being conducted on premises owned by and/or leased from third parties. Our inability to continue operating from such premises, or to seek renewal or extension of such leases may materially affect our business operations._** 

Our business operations are being conducted on premises owned by and/or leased from third parties, and we may continue to enter such transactions in future. Our Registered Office is operated from leased premises, currently valid for a period of three years till April 9, 2021. The registered offices of our Subsidiaries have been leased or are operated out of commercial office spaces or pursuant to no-objection certificates from third parties. For further details, see “Our Business – Property”. For the registered offices of certain of our non-material subsidiaries, there are no leases. Further, the landlord of our Registered Office has encumbered the premises. Accordingly, in the event of, inter alia, a breach of covenant of his loan arrangement by him, any invocation of the encumbrance of the property or any inability on the part of our landlord to have the property released from encumbrance may adversely impact our leasehold rights on the property, and we may be required to relocate our operations to a different location. Our leases may expire in the ordinary course. We cannot assure you that we will continue to be able to continue operating out of our existing premises or renew our existing leases at favourable terms or at all. Any such event may adversely impact our operations and cash flows and may divert management attention from our business operations. 

Given that our business operations are conducted on premises leased from third parties, any encumbrance or adverse impact on, or deficiency in, the title, ownership rights or development rights of the owners from whose premises we operate, breach of the contractual terms of any lease or leave and license agreements, or any inability to renew such agreements on acceptable terms or at all may materially affect our business operations. 

# **_8. Any failure to exploit and grow our existing relationships within gaming ecosystem, distribution network and scale may affect our profitability and business growth._** 

We earn revenues by exploiting our established distribution network and existing relationships within the gaming, eSports and gamified early learning ecosystem. Acquisition of games and popular intellectual property is an integral part of our business. Our ability to successfully acquire such content depends on our ability to maintain existing relationships and form new ones. We believe that maintaining existing relationships is key to enabling us to continue to secure such content and to exploit such content in the future. While we have benefited from long-standing relationships with telecom operators, app stores and established relationships with content aggregators and third-party advertisement networks and marketing agencies in the past, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully maintain these relationships and continue to have access to content through such means. If any such relationship were to be adversely affected, or we are unable to form new relationships or renew these arrangements in a timely manner or at all, or our access to content otherwise deteriorates, or if any party fails to perform under its agreements or arrangements with us, it could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

26 

# **_9. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to successfully manage or accurately report our financial risk._** 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to prepare reliable financial reports and effectively avoid fraud. Moreover, any internal controls that we may implement, or our level of compliance with such controls, may deteriorate over time, due to evolving business conditions. In the past there has been an instance where certain material weaknesses were identified in the internal control system of Halaplay, as of March 31, 2020, due to ineffective controls in respect of information technology control environment. For details, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Summary of reservations, qualifications and adverse remarks of auditors” on page 363. There can be no assurance that additional deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise in the future, or that we will be able to implement and continue to maintain adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls. If internal control weaknesses are identified, our actions may not be sufficient to correct such internal control weakness. Such instances may also adversely affect our reputation, thereby adversely impacting our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_10. We may not be able to effectively monetise our eSports offerings, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and our results of operations._** 

The key growth drivers for our eSports business are our own event and content IPs, exclusive rights and ownership of live stream and on-demand premium esports content, monetisation via media rights licensing, and our brand partnerships with global game publishers and youth focus brands. Media rights licensing business itself contributes to over 58.78% of the overall revenues from our eSports business as of and for Financial Year 2020. However, we may not be able to secure licensing fee from media for the content being developed. A significant portion of our revenues from media rights are contributed by a single contract, pursuant to which the broadcaster has media licensing rights valid up to March 31, 2021. The contract will be renewed or extended upon completion of the current term, in accordance with the terms of the contract. However, we cannot assure you that the contract will be on terms that are favourable to us, or at all. Our eSports business is dependent on licensing popular multi-gamer games, for generating interest among hardcore gamers. In the event that a new eSports game is developed for which we are unable to procure the licensing rights, or if such license is acquired at unfavorable terms, the results of our business may be adversely affected. While we benefit from our existing relationships with global gaming publishers, there can be no assurance that with increasing popularity, publishers will not want to undertake content production or stream eSports tournaments on their own. Further, game publishers may in the future not want to participate in our IP, or may ask for consideration to allow their games or brands to be included as part of our IP, which could adversely impact our profitability margins. 

A decline in the overall economic environment may result in an adverse impact on the branding spends of corporates, and in turn affect our sponsorship revenues. We also execute annual, event specific agreements with sponsors and licensees for the right to use certain brands in relation to the eSports tournaments. Certain of these agreements are pending renewal and maybe renewed in due course. In the absence of any long-term agreements or in case we are unable to continue such arrangements with third parties, our business operations would be adversely impacted. Further, any alleged breach by such third parties results in the levy of a large amount of penalty or damages or triggers our indemnity obligations, our results of operations and cash flows maybe adversely impacted. Any adverse impact owing to the foregoing reasons may have an unfavourable impact on our reputation, financial position and the results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_11. We are a company with global operations and subject to risks and uncertainties of conducting business outside India._** 

We conduct our business across emerging and developed markets such as India, Middle East, Africa, South Asia and North America, and derive a substantial amount of our revenues and profits from international sales, particularly from North America, Africa and South Asia. Our gamified early learning business caters to children in North America. Our revenues from operations in key geographies, including as a percentage of our total consolidated revenues, are set for below: 

|**Region**|**Restated consolidated**<br>**revenue for the six**<br>**month period ended**<br>**September 30, 2020 (in**<br>`**million)**|**Percentage of**<br>**total restated**<br>**consolidated**<br>**revenue for six**<br>**month period**<br>**ended**<br>**September 30,**<br>**2020 (%)**|**Restated consolidated**<br>**revenue for the Financial**<br>**Year 2020 (in**`**million)**|**Percentage of**<br>**total restated**<br>**consolidated**<br>**revenue for**<br>**Financial Year**<br>**2020 (%)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|India|824.99|41.15|1,461.05|59.03|
|Middle east|117.84|5.88|179.61|7.26|
|Africa|63.26|3.16|205.91|8.32|
|APAC|163.78|8.17|326.86|13.20|
|North America|834.70|41.64|301.66|12.19|
|**Total**|**2,004.57**|**100**|**2,475.09**|**100**|



27 

The markets in which we operate are diverse and fragmented, with varying levels of economic and infrastructure development and distinct legal and regulatory systems, and do not operate seamlessly across borders as a single or common market. Therefore, we may be subject to risks inherent in doing business in countries other than India, including: 

- challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences; 

- providing content and services that appeal to the tastes and preferences of users in multiple markets; 

- protectionist laws and business practices; 

- complex local tax regimes; 

- higher costs associated with doing business in multiple markets; 

- imposition of international sanctions on one or more of the countries in which we operate; 

- risks related to the legal and regulatory environment in non-Indian jurisdictions, including with respect to privacy and data, or in relation to taxation or repatriation of our revenues or profits from foreign jurisdictions to India; 

- security, and unexpected changes in laws, regulatory requirements and enforcement; 

- burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws in multiple jurisdictions and liability in case of any failure to comply with such laws; 

- potential damage to our brand and reputation due to compliance with local laws, including requirements to provide player information to local authorities; 

- fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 

- political, social or economic instability; 

- the potential need to recruit and work through local partners; 

- reduced protection for or increased violation of intellectual property rights in some countries; 

- difficulties in managing global operations and legal compliance costs associated with multiple international locations; 

- natural disasters, including earthquakes, tsunamis and floods; 

- inadequate local infrastructure; and 

- exposure to local banking, currency control and other financial-related risks. 

Further, several of our agreements are governed by laws other than Indian law. We cannot assure you that in the event of a dispute under such agreements, we will be able to successfully defend our position, and any adverse decision may adversely impact our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. If we are unable to manage our global operations successfully, our financial results could be adversely affected, which may impact profit margins or make it increasingly difficult for us to conduct business in foreign markets. 

We plan to continue the expansion of our offerings, as well as our user base, within existing regions where we operate and to various other jurisdictions. For instance, we may seek to expand our user base in the United States from children to other age groups for our offerings, and also expand our existing portfolio of mobile games, which currently comprises primarily of sports simulation games. We may have limited or no experience in marketing, developing and deploying our offerings in such jurisdictions or to such target demographics. We may require considerable management attention and resources for managing our growing business across markets. Further, any restriction on repatriation of money to India from countries where we have operations, may result in overexposure on the cash being accumulated for our overseas operations. Accordingly, we may optimize our user acquisition spends to maintain such exposure, which may have an adverse impact on our cash flows, results of operations and profitability. 

# **_12. Our businesses may be adversely affected due to breaches of security measures._** 

Our businesses generate and process a large amount of data, and the improper use or disclosure of such data could harm our reputation. We collect and store customer data as we conduct our business on mobile handsets. We rely on third party tools for the security and authentication necessary to effect secure transmission of confidential customer information, such as customer 

28 

names and passwords, and there can be no assurance that such security controls over customer data will be able to prevent, counter or respond to any security breach or the improper disclosure of confidential information in a timely manner, or at all. Our offerings are also distributed through third party channels including telecom operators and app stores, which may be subject to security breaches, cyber-attacks, viruses, ransomware, worms, trojans, malicious software, break-ins, phishing attacks or other attacks. We have no control over the security measures put in place by such third-party channels to prevent such breaches and attacks or their actions in this respect. Further, the platforms through which we distribute our offerings may contain errors or “bugs” that are not detected until after the games are published. Any such errors could impact the overall user experience, which could cause users to reduce their time or interest in our mobile games offerings or not recommend our content to other prospective users. 

Breaches of cyber-security measures could result in misappropriation of information or data, deletion or modification of user information, or a denial-of-service or other interruption to our business operations. There could also be instances of misappropriation of user data by our employees or third party service providers. Disclosure of customer information (including mobile numbers or other personal information) on account of security breach or otherwise could harm our reputation and we may face liability under applicable laws or contractual obligations in relation to such confidential information. If our reputation is adversely affected, we may lose customers because of the perception that we cannot adequately protect customer information. We may be required to invest significant time and resources including financial resources to prevent such security breaches or to mitigate problems caused by such breaches. 

Further, our business may be harmed by concerns over playing games on mobile phones. Malware could subscribe to the paid services without the consumer’s consent resulting in fraudulent charges to consumers. Such concerns over the security and privacy may affect the internet industry generally, and our apps in particular. If our security measures are breached as a result of third-party action, employee or contractor error, malfeasance or otherwise and, as a result, someone obtains unauthorized access to our data or the data of consumers, or other third parties, our reputation could be damaged, our business may suffer and we could incur significant regulatory liability. There can also be no assurance that we will be able to develop security measures that will prevent such security breaches, or have any degree of control over security breaches targeting specific types of mobile devices. Failure to prevent security breaches or address consumers’ concerns over such issues may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

A breach of our security, compromise of data or resilience affecting its operations, or those of our customers, could lead to an extended interruption to its services as well as loss of subscriber information and other confidential data. The impact of such a failure could include immediate financial losses due to fraud and theft, termination of contracts, immediate loss of revenue where orders and invoices cannot be processed, contractual penalties, lost productivity and unplanned costs of restoration and improvement. Additionally, reputational damage may arise, undermining market confidence and jeopardizing future revenues. 

# **_13. We may have transactions in countries or with persons that are subject to international sanctions._** 

We have in the past entered into transactions with customers in countries that are subject to international sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State or equivalent sanctions regimes administered by Her Majesty's Treasury, the European Union, the United Nations or other relevant sanctions authorities (collectively, “ **International Sanctions** ”). For example, in the Financial Years 2018 and 2019, customers based in Iran and South Sudan contributed 15.79% and 0.71% of our revenues from sale of gaming subscription services. In Financial Year 2020, there was nil contribution by customers based in Iran and Sudan to our revenues and we have not since entered into any fresh transactions with customers in countries subject to International Sanctions. In addition, we have limited information about and control over the identity of customers that use our gaming products or gaming subscription services, and there can be no assurance that our past or future customers have not included or will not include persons or entities targeted by, or were not or will not be located in any country that is the subject of International Sanctions. 

There can be no assurance that our business will not be impacted by such International Sanctions in the future, particularly if there are changes to, or more stringent application of, the International Sanctions, or if we make changes to our operations or introduce new products or services which appeal to customers subject to or based in countries subject to such International Sanctions. In addition, our counterparties, including our vendors and suppliers, or our other customers, that are required to comply with such International Sanctions, may seek to terminate or modify our contractual arrangements to impose additional conditions that may be adverse to our operations or business prospects, or may be precluded from entering into commercial transactions with us. 

Such International Sanctions may also result in delay in repatriation of payments as well as devaluation of the currency of countries, where we operate our business, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, cash flows and results of operations. For risk on devaluation of currencies, see “ _Risk Factor 41 - Any fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may have an impact on our profits generated from emerging markets_ .” on page 41. 

Future changes in International Sanctions may prevent us from doing business, in jurisdictions subject to such International Sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and reputational risks for us and our investors, including as a result of disputes arising from the termination of our existing contractual arrangements. 

# **_14. Conflicts of interest may arise out of common business objects between our Company, Subsidiaries, Associates and Group Companies._** 

29 

Our Company, Subsidiaries, Associates and Group Companies, may, from to time, be authorised under their respective memorandum of association or constitutional documents, as the case may be, to undertake a similar line of business. Our Company and certain Subsidiaries, Associates and one of our Group Companies operate in the freemium segment while offering distinct kinds of mobile games, except for Next Wave and MLTL, which offer sports simulation cricket mobile games. Further, our Company and certain Subsidiaries and Associates operate in the real gaming segment while offering distinct kinds of games. Our Company does not view our Company and certain Subsidiaries, Associates and one of our Group Companies operating in the freemium and real gaming segments as a conflict of interest as these segments are very vast with various gaming options. Further, some of our foreign Subsidiaries and our Company are in a similar line of business. However, these foreign Subsidiaries have been formed for the pursuance of business in the relevant jurisdictions, and accordingly, here are no common pursuits between such foreign Subsidiaries and our Company. Further, our Group Companies are involved in developing and publishing of games and related activities, while our Company is engaged in distribution and publishing of such games and related activities. Although similar activities are undertaken by the Group Companies and our Company, there exists no conflict of interest between them, and the Group Companies do not compete with our Company. 

While we do not currently have any conflict management policy or similar arrangement in place, we may in the future be required to assess any potential conflicts of interest and take appropriate steps to address such conflicts of interest, as and when they may arise. For further details, see “Our Group Companies” on page 214. 

# **_15. We are required to maintain certain approvals or licenses required in the ordinary course of business and the failure to obtain them in a timely manner or at all may adversely affect our operations._** 

We require certain approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions for operating our business. Further, the approvals that we obtain may stipulate certain conditions requiring our compliance. For details of such licenses, registrations and approvals for our Company and Material Subsidiaries, including the list of material approvals which may expire in the next one year, see “Government and Other Approvals” on page 369. As on the date of this RHP, our Company holds an importer-exporter code (“ **IEC** ”) in the erstwhile name of the Company, which is not in use. In future, we may need additional approvals for our business operations. Our approvals may expire from time to time in the ordinary course and we may be required to make applications for such renewals. For instance, NZWORLD Kenya Limited has made an application dated December 3, 2020 to the Betting Control and License Board, Kenya for a public gaming license, which is currently pending. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Subsidiary, NZMobile Nigeria Limited’s license for providing value added service (VAS) content using short code, as issued by the Nigerian Communications Commission has expired and it is yet to apply for a renewed license. Further, there may be instances where we have not obtained certain approvals. Failure to obtain, maintain or renew any approvals or licences, in a timely manner or at all, may result in a levy of penalties or other regulatory action against us, in accordance with applicable laws, which may have an adverse impact on our business. 

# **_16. Our success is tied to the continued use of the internet and smartphones, and the reliability and adequacy of online infrastructure in India and emerging markets and data pricing._** 

Our business and future operating results are substantially dependent upon numerous factors affecting the continued use of the internet by consumers as an effective medium for entertainment through gaming and sports media, as well as edutainment. These factors include the rate of growth of mobile devices, internet and broadband usage and penetration, extant laws, regulations and policies governing online gaming, including real money and chance based games, acceptance of and media publicity regarding sports media and virtual tournaments, concerns on online data privacy and general economic conditions globally and in particular India and emerging markets. Our success will depend, in large part, upon third parties maintaining and improving the internet infrastructure to provide a reliable network backbone with the speed, data capacity, security and hardware necessary for reliable internet access and services. The continued growth in our revenue is substantially dependent upon the widespread acceptance and use of the internet. India has experienced internet shutdowns in certain cities across India where the government has directed telecom companies to shut down services or take down sites, any increase in frequency of such shutdowns could adversely impact our ability to provide our platforms. 

The fall in data prices coupled with increase in availability and affordability of smartphones has resulted in users increasingly consuming content on their mobile devices. The global data consumption per user per month stood at 2.9 GB in 2016 and at 8.70 GB in 2020. This is expected to grow at 28.9% (as a factor of CAGR) and is estimated to reach 17.20 GB of data consumed per user per month by 2023 ( _Source: F&S Report_ ). Any increase in data tariffs or prices of smartphones could have a negative impact on our ability to grow or maintain our existing user base. 

The demand for, and acceptance of, services sold over the internet and apps are highly uncertain. Rapid growth in mobile gaming and eSports as a medium of entertainment and the use of the internet and other online services for learning and edutainment is still a relatively recent phenomenon in India, and we cannot assure you that this trend will continue or that internet penetration among Indian customers will increase. As a result, growth in our user base is dependent on attracting them to our platforms. Concerns about fraud, privacy, lack of trust and other problems may also discourage businesses from adopting the internet. Failures by online companies in India to meet consumer demands could result in consumer reluctance to use the internet as a means for information exchange. If these concerns are not adequately addressed, they may inhibit the growth of apps in India. In addition, if a well-publicized breach of internet security or privacy of data collected through mobile apps were to occur, general usage could decline, which could reduce the use of our services and impede our growth, and may, in turn, negatively impact our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

30 

# **_17. We may fail to compete effectively in the markets in which we operate._** 

We face competition in each of our businesses from both new as well as existing players, and the failure to compete effectively with any of them could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and our results of operations. Our competitors range from established entertainment and gaming companies such as Sony Interactive Entertainment, Reliance Jio, Tencent and Microsoft Game Studios to emerging gaming start-ups such as Dream11, Mobile Premier League (MPL), Games 24x7 ( _Source: F&S Report_ ), and we expect new competitors to continue to emerge. We compete with our competitors across a range of factors, including, among others, high-quality content, development staff, technology stack and data analytics capabilities, scope and quality of our product and service offerings, user experience, and brand recognition. Our competitors may launch similar products or services, with different pricing and service packages that may have greater appeal than our offerings. Further, our existing approach to identify value-based strategic acquisitions may be adversely affected in the event our competitors, who may have deeper pockets and may follow the path to scale rather than profitability, compete for the same targets as we may in the future, identify. While we believe we have historically maintained an astute capital deployment mindset, our philosophy may be challenged by massive investments into other gaming start-ups from marquee investors. 

On account of the relatively low entry barriers to developing mobile or online free-to-play games, we expect new competitors to enter the market and existing competitors to allocate more resources to developing and marketing competing games and applications. If our competitors develop and market more successful mobile games offerings or offer similar mobile games offerings as us but at lower prices, it will have a material adverse impact on our revenue, margins, and profitability. Intensified competition may result in escalation of the cost of acquisition of intellectual property for our freemium mobile games and our telco subscription business, which may restrict our ability to access such content at favourable terms or at all. Further, in the event we are required to pass the increase in content cost to the gamers, to maintain profitability, the demand for our telco subscription services or in app revenues may be adversely affected, which in turn would adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. 

Given our relatively recent entry into gamified early learning, our current competitors or future competitors entering this market may have longer operating histories in certain businesses, greater brand recognition, or greater financial, technical or marketing resources than we do. Online early learning is evolving, particularly through gamification, and we expect competition in this sector to intensify as more players enter this market. 

Our eSports offerings compete with other forms of live sports viewing. We cannot assure that we will be able to efficiently compete with other forms of online sports entertainment to maintain or improve our market shares in online sports entertainment. Our inability to effectively and successfully compete with other forms of online sports entertainment may adversely impact our cash flows, results of operations and profitability. Our eSports offerings rely on arrangements with game publishers and arrangements with broadcasters for live streaming of offline and online tournaments. We cannot assure you that game publishers will continue to allow us to monetize the rights with our broadcasters, and not approach such broadcasters directly in the future. Our inability to effectively and successfully obtain exclusive rights for distribution on other platforms may adversely impact our cash flows, results of operations and profitability. 

Any escalation in content acquisition costs on account of increase in minimum payments for content rights to game publishers could result in us losing out on opportunities to acquire content, or, could impact the profitability of the content so acquired, which would adversely affect our growth and profitability. Further, the prices of commercially compelling content could rise disproportionately. This could reduce our ability to sustain profit margins, which could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

If we are unable to successfully compete for users, maintain or increase our level of subscription fees, attract and retain competent content development staff or other key personnel, maintain our competitiveness in terms of the quality of our product and service offerings in a cost-effective manner, our business, cash flow and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

# **_18. Our past performance may not be indicative of future growth._** 

Our previous revenue growth rates should not be considered indicative of our future performance. For instance, while our revenue from operations decreased marginally by `23.41 million, or 1.36%, from `1,720.40 million in Financial Year 2018 to `1,696.98 million in Financial Year 2019 primarily due to a decline in our revenue from telco subscription during this period, our revenue from operations increased by 45.85%, from `1,696.98 million in Financial Year 2019 to `2,475.09 million in Financial Year 2020, primarily on account of an increase in revenue from eSports and increase in revenue from gamified early learning acquired arising from consolidation of revenue from newly acquired entities. Any external factors beyond our control, or our inability to maintain our past annual revenue growth rates may adversely impact investors’ perceptions of our business and the market price of our Equity Shares could decline. For a discussion of movements in revenue, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on page 328. 

# **_19. We may not maintain profitability in the future._** 

31 

Although we have been profitable in the past, we expect to make investments in growing our business and may undertake acquisitions of other synergistic companies, which could reduce our profitability compared to past periods. In addition, as a public company, we will incur significant accounting, legal and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. As a result of these increased expenditures, our profitability could decline in future periods. In future periods, our revenue could decline or grow more slowly than we expect. We also may incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons, including due to the other risks described in this Red Herring Prospectus, and we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors. 

# **_20. Some of our investments are in debt instruments which are unsecured or carry interest rate risk, or both._** 

Some of our unsecured investments include investments in interest/ dividend bearing liquid debt instruments including investments in debt mutual funds and deposits with banks. Some of our unsecured investments carry interest rate which is lower than the prevailing market rate. Market interest rates in India fluctuate on a regular basis. 

# **_21. The outbreak and after-effects of COVID-19, or outbreak of any other severe communicable disease could have a potential impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

The outbreak, or threatened outbreak, of any severe communicable disease or pandemic, as seen in the recent outbreak and aftermath of COVID-19, could materially adversely affect overall business sentiment and environment across industries. In addition, our revenue and profitability could be impacted to the extent that a natural disaster, health epidemic or other outbreak harms the Indian and global economy in general. The outbreak has significantly increased economic uncertainty and caused economic slowdown. The outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in authorities implementing several measures such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders, and shutdowns. These measures have impacted and may further impact our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers, and those of our respective vendors and suppliers. There is currently substantial medical uncertainty regarding COVID-19 and no government-certified treatment or vaccine is available. A rapid increase in severe cases and deaths where measures taken by governments fail or are lifted prematurely, may cause significant economic disruption in India and in the rest of the world. The scope, duration and frequency of such measures and the adverse effects of COVID-19 remain uncertain and could be severe. 

The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices (including employee travel, employee work locations, and cancellation of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences), and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, and suppliers. If any of our employees are suspected of contracting COVID-19 or any other epidemic disease, this could require us to quarantine some or all of these employees or suspend operations in our facilities for disinfection. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the outbreak, and our ability to perform critical functions could be harmed. 

The extent to which COVID-19 further impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions taken globally to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection for all costs that may arise from all such possible events. The spread of any severe communicable disease may also adversely affect the operations of our customers and suppliers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. We are still assessing our business operations and system supports and the impact that COVID-19 may have on our results and financial condition, but there can be no assurance that this analysis will enable us to avoid part or all of any impact from the spread of COVID-19 or its consequences, including downturns in business sentiment generally or in our sector in particular. The above risks can threaten the safe operation of our facilities and cause disruption of operational activities, environmental harm, loss of life, injuries and impact the wellbeing of our people. 

During the lockdown in response to the Covid-19 pandemic, we put in place certain interim measures to ensure business continuity. All of our employees worked remotely, and our websites continued to operate. However, our operations are dependent on various information technology systems and applications which may not be adequately supported by a robust business continuity plan, which could seriously impact our business in the event of a disaster of any nature. Although we continue to devote resources and management focus, there can be no assurance that these programs will operate effectively. A cyber-security incident or logical attack could also trigger service interruption. 

**_22. Any inability to protect our IP or any third-party claims in relation to infringement of our existing intellectual property rights or in the future could materially adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We rely on a wide portfolio of IP to operate our businesses and we may not be able to effectively protect these against infringement or safeguard our IP in a cost-efficient manner. While we believe we have included adequate provisions in our existing arrangements with our employees, co-developers and third parties with whom we conduct business to confirm our ownership of IP and to limit access to, and disclosure and use of, our proprietary information, we cannot assure you these contractual arrangements and the other steps we have taken to protect our IP may not prevent the misappropriation of our proprietary information or deter independent development of similar games by others. 

32 

For details of intellectual property owned by us, see “Our Business – Intellectual Property” on page 171. We have also obtained licenses to certain IP in lieu of ownership in certain instances, including IP acquired for specific events. Such licenses may be limited in scope and require us to renegotiate on a periodic basis for additional use rights. In relation to the games developed using licensed IP, we typically enter into revenue sharing agreements with the licensors, with our share being payable at milestones specified in such agreements. Increased competition for such licenses may increase the amounts that we have pay to licensors and developers, which could significantly increase our costs and reduce our profitability. Moreover, to the extent we only have a license to any intellectual property used in any of our games, there may be no guarantee of continued access to such intellectual property, including on commercially reasonable terms. We also hold certain trademarks that are unregistered and no applications have been made in regard to such trademarks. Such trademarks might be subject to unauthorised use amounting to subsequent loss in revenue that might have been generated from the trademarks. 

Any unauthorised use or use of IP by any third party which may be intended to pass-off as ours or any third-party IP which may be misconstrued as ours, intentionally or unintentionally, may dilute the value of our content offerings and the IP in such offerings. For instance, our Material Subsidiary has issued certain cease and desist notices to third parties with similar domain names. Any legal action or litigation initiated by us for enforcement of our rights in such intellectual property may be time consuming and costly. We may receive claims that we have infringed the intellectual property rights of third parties in relation to our games or content incorporated into our eSports and gamified early learning platforms. In the event that any of our codevelopment partners infringe our licensed rights in any intellectual property, we may be held in breach of our licensing agreement and/or may face infringement action or indemnity claims from the licensors. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and result in disruptions to our business. We will not be able to protect our intellectual property if we are unable to enforce our rights or if we do not detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property. 

Any such claims or litigation relating to our IP, or over apps that we have acquired or IP that we have licensed, whether justified or not, could be time-consuming and costly, harm our reputation, require us to modify or discontinue our mobile games, develop new games or content, undertake rebranding or pay monetary amounts as damages or enter into royalty or licensing arrangements, which in such circumstances may not be available to us on commercially favourable terms or at all. Although we have indemnity provisions against the developers from whom we acquire games or license intellectual property, the indemnity cover may not be sufficient or may not be accepted by a court of law. Inability to protect the new IPs launched and titles across games and content could also affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_23. Our inability to cater to the evolving consumer preferences, in India and abroad, in the mobile games industry may affect our business operations, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Consumer preferences for mobile games are usually cyclical and difficult to predict, and even successful titles remain popular for only limited periods of time, unless refreshed with new content or otherwise enhanced. In order to remain competitive, we must continuously aggregate new mobile games for our telco subscription business or introduce enhancements to our existing freemium mobile games. If our future mobile games do not achieve expected consumer acceptance or generate sufficient revenues upon their introduction, we may not be able to recover the licensing and marketing costs associated with such games. While we rely on data analytics in determining consumer preferences and trends, there is no assurance that the data analytics will be accurate or reliable, or whether we would be able to accurately predict and aggregate future mobile games offerings which will be suited to the changing consumer preferences. In addition, cultural differences within India and internationally, may affect consumer preferences and limit the international popularity of our mobile games that are popular in India or require us to modify the content of the mobile games to be successful. Our business and results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted if we do not correctly assess consumer preferences in the countries in which our mobile games are available. 

Further, there are many factors that could adversely affect the popularity of our mobile games, including, _inter alia_ : 

- our ability to anticipate and adapt to future technology trends and new business models in the industry; 

- our ability to promote our mobile games offerings effectively; and 

- our ability to differentiate our mobile games offerings from those offered by our competitors. 

Our existing mobile games could cease to be popular for a variety of reasons including changes in consumer preferences. For instance, mobile cricket games which constitute a significant portion of our freemium mobile games, may become unpopular amongst the Indian population, which may have a significant adverse impact on our returns from operations. Additionally, some of our mobile games require significant time before such games become popular. Accordingly, the rise in popularity of some mobile games can be slow and there may be significant time involved before we begin to realize the benefits of such offering. In the event that a mobile game that we anticipate becoming popular fails to do so, we may not be able to realize such failure until several months after the mobile game has been released. If our existing mobile games offerings cease to remain popular or in the event that we are unable to introduce contemporary, popular mobile games or our new mobile games offerings fail to gain popularity, our business, results of operation and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

**_24. We may fail to anticipate or successfully adopt and incorporate new technologies in our offerings._** 

33 

There is rapid technology change in the mobile games, eSports and gamified early learning businesses, which requires us to anticipate well in advance the technologies we should develop and implement to make our offerings more accessible and competitive in the market. For instance, during the last few years, virtual reality and augmented reality have experienced significant growth and popularity in games and sports media platforms. We need to constantly upgrade our technology to provide improved performance, increased scale and better integration among our businesses, which requires investment of financial resources in research and development, upgrading hardware, software and internet infrastructure, and significant investments of time and resources. However, there is no assurance that we will be able to commit adequate financial resources or be able to invest the requisite time and resources to be able to keep up with improvements in technologies in an efficient and cost-effective manner, or at all. Integration of advanced technologies could also render apps more expensive for consumers and hence commercially unviable. 

Failure to maintain and improve our technology infrastructure may make us vulnerable to unanticipated system disruptions, security breaches, slower response times and errors on account of updates to third party systems used by us and which in turn could result in lower quality experiences for our users and delays or disruptions in our data collection, storage and analytics. In addition, the software and interfaces we use are mainly developed in-house. Reduced functionality or effectiveness of our software or platforms, or our inability to maintain and constantly improve our technology infrastructure to handle our business needs and ensure quality user experience, may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operation and prospects, as well as our reputation. 

# **_25. Our ability to acquire, synergise or consolidate and manage complementary businesses, assets and technologies may result in operating difficulties and other adverse consequences._** 

As part of our business strategy, we intend to continue to selectively acquire and invest in, businesses, assets and technologies that complement our existing business, including game developers, game publishers, advertisement networks, offline gaming companies, eSports companies and real money gaming companies present anywhere in the world. We believe in a strategy to bring on-board founders as “Friends of Nazara” ecosystem in areas that have strategic alignment with our business, given that India continues to evolve as a gaming market and there is lack of organized, structural set of offerings in gaming and this is a very entrepreneurial driven ecosystem. ( _Source: F&S Report_ ) Our recent investments include marquee entities such as Paper Boat Apps, Halaplay, Absolute Sports and Sports Unity, facilitating our entry into and significantly augmenting our presence in business segments including gamified early learning, skill-based and trivia gaming and eSports. For further details, see “Our Business” and “History and Certain Corporate Matters - Details regarding material acquisitions or divestments of business/ undertakings, mergers, amalgamations or any revaluation of assets, in the last ten years” on pages 150 and 177, respectively. Acquisitions and investments typically involve uncertainties and risks, which are applicable to and would impact our ability to grow leads through acquisitions and/or consolidation of businesses and entities, including: 

- lack of supply pool of skilled gaming developers, designers and other professionals; 

- accurately evaluating potential acquisition targets and identifying acquisition targets with operations complementary to our existing operations; 

- increased competition for acquisitions and consolidations of complementary business from local and global players; 

- potential ongoing financial obligations and unforeseen or hidden liabilities; 

- possible cash flow interruption or loss of revenue as a result of transitional matters; 

- shared vision, objectives and understanding with the leadership of acquired or investee companies; 

- integrating personnel from different corporate cultures while maintaining focus on providing consistent, high quality service; 

- retaining key employees, particularly those of the acquired operations, and maintaining the key business relationships with consumers of the businesses we acquire; 

- failure to achieve the intended objectives, benefits or revenue enhancement; 

- the costs of integrating an acquired business with our existing business; 

- the possibility that, before the acquisition or investment, we will not discover important facts during due diligence that could have a material adverse impact on the value of the businesses we acquire or invest in; 

- entering into unfamiliar markets; 

- generating sufficient revenues and net income to offset acquisition costs; and 

- • diversion of resources and management attention. 

Our failure to address these or other risks successfully may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, any such acquisition or investment may require a significant amount of capital investment, or we may incur costs in respect of any future liabilities, including in respect of any indemnity claims for such acquired or investee entities, which would decrease the amount of cash available for working capital or capital expenditures. If we borrow funds to finance acquisitions, such debt instruments may contain restrictive covenants that could, among other things, restrict us from distributing dividends. In addition, our acquisition led strategy may adversely impact our return on capital employed in future. Further, we may be unable to successfully integrate our recent acquisitions with our business which may _inter alia_ negatively impact our ability to achieve the expected accretive benefits from these acquisitions and in turn may require us to recognise an impairment of goodwill recognised in the Restated Consolidated Financial Information affecting our overall financial position. This may also divert the time and attention of our management team from our core operations, or there could be potential conflicts between our leadership teams and underlying Subsidiaries or investee companies, which in 

34 

turn could lead to possible exits of, or us having to provide retention incentives to our KMPs, SMPs and key executives in our Subsidiaries or investee companies. 

# **_26. We may not be able to maintain or grow the size of our user base or level of engagement of our users, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

We believe that the size and engagement level of our user base is critical to our success, and our business and financial performance will continue to be impacted by our ability to add, engage and retain active customers. Our inability to add, retain, engage and monetize users within our current offerings, or to achieve similar or higher levels of retention, engagement or monetization of users in future offerings would adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. 

There can be no assurance that our mobile games, eSports and gamified early learning offerings will continue to sustain or grow their current level of popularity for various reasons, including: 

- our inability to maintain the quality of our existing content and offerings; 

- our inability to generate, aggregate and distribute innovative, new and competitive content; 

- our failure to adapt to changes in customer preferences, market trends or advancements in technology; 

- our inability to successfully deploy our existing and future apps on popular mobile operating systems; 

- technical or other problems which may prevent us from delivering our content or services in a timely and reliable manner or otherwise affect the customer experience; 

- unavailability or non-reliability of high-speed data services and network connectivity; 

- customer concerns relating to privacy, safety, security and other factors; 

- our new mobile games and gamified early learning apps causing our customers to shift from our existing offerings without growing the overall size of our customer base; 

- the availability and popularity of other forms of entertainment; or 

- our failure to maintain the brand image of our platforms or our reputation. 

There can be no assurance that our efforts to avoid or address any of the reasons listed above will be successful. Further, such efforts could require us to incur substantial expenditure to modify or adapt our content and technology. If we fail to add, retain or continue growing our customer base, or if our customers reduce their engagement with our platforms, our business prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. India remains nascent in certain business segments that we currently operate, and the extent and timing for growth of eSports and gamified early learning in the region, based on which we would expand our operations in these segments in India, cannot be predicted. In addition to organic growth, we have also grown through strategic acquisitions. We also exercise control over our Subsidiaries through our shareholding and management control. If we are unable to acquire or invest in, successfully implement strategic acquisitions and exercise control over our Subsidiaries, our financial position may be adversely affected. 

# **_27. We are dependent on our telco subscription business for a substantial portion of our profits._** 

For Financial Year 2020 and the six month period ended September 30, 2020, as per our Restated Consolidated Financial Information, revenue from our telco subscription business was `817.96 million and `427.62 million, respectively, accounting for 33.05% and 21.33% of our consolidated revenues from operations for Financial Year 2020 and the six month period ended September 30, 2020, respectively. There can be no assurance that our telco subscription business will continue to remain a successful or profitable business, or that it may not decline for any reason whatsoever, including reasons beyond our control. For instance, changes in policies of payment collection models adopted by our telecom partners, any adverse changes to the regulations governing the telecom operators or their statutory obligations, or the increasing popularity of free-to-play and freemium mobile games, the easy availability of mobile games content across platforms without the involvement of telecom operators and a reduction in payment barriers may all result in a decline of the telco subscription business. 

# **_28. We have limited operating history in gamified early learning and cater to the online gamified learning market for young children in North America. Any adverse changes in extant policies or our inability to continue to attract and retain subscribers may materially and adversely affect our business and prospects._** 

Through Kiddopia, our flagship gamified early learning app, we cater primarily to children aged between two and six years, in North America. The subscriber base of the app, which comprised 115,220 paying subscribers as of January 2020 at the time of acquisition of Paper Boat App by us, has grown to 316,428 paying subscribers as of December 2020. Although we have developed a large and rapidly growing subscriber base for Kiddopia, our limited history of operating in the gamified early 

35 

learning business may not serve as an adequate basis for evaluating our future operating results, including our revenues, cash flows and operating margins. Given our relatively recent entry into gamified early learning, our current competitors, including established players such as Spin Master, with their app Toca Life: World, and Playrix, with their app, Township ( _Source: F&S Report_ ), and the large number of other apps present on app stores under dedicated kids sections, including by established players, as well as future competitors entering this market may have longer operating histories in certain businesses, greater brand recognition, or greater financial, technical or marketing resources than we do. Online childhood education, particularly through gamification, is still rapidly evolving and has low barriers to entry, and we expect competition in this sector to intensify as more players enter this market. 

Further, our gamified early learning operations are based out of the United States, which subjects us to risks and associated with operating outside India, including any adverse changes to applicable regulations and policies in the United States. For further details, see “Risk Factor 11- We are a company with global operations and subject to risks and uncertainties of conducting business outside India.” and “Risk Factor 42 - Our businesses are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in India and overseas.” on pages 27 and 41, respectively. If we do not manage these risks successfully, our operating and financial results may differ materially from our expectations. 

We generate revenues in our gamified early learning business mainly from subscriptions for our gamified early learning apps. While our characters, Captain Kidd and Alex the Explorer, and sections, ABC Animal Toddler Adventures and Junior Chef’s Cafe remain popular, for continued growth we must attract users, effectively market our offerings, continue to expand the scope and improve the quality of our apps, strengthen our content development capabilities and technology leadership prospective users to continually build our brand. A significant portion of our subscribers are generated through the distribution platform provided by Apple, with a smaller portion of our subscribers coming from Google and Amazon distribution platforms. Our revenues from these subscriptions therefore remain subject to any change in advertising and targeting policies of these platforms, as well as our continued ability to offer our services through these platforms, in particular, the distribution platform provided by Apple. 

Our ability to attract and retain users, convert our non-paying users into paying users, and maintain or increase the spending of paying users on our products and services primarily depends on the overall learning experience delivered through our apps, the quality and popularity of our content, as well as the effectiveness of our technology. Our target users comprise of young children, and consequently, parents. We may also not be always able to meet our users’ expectations, many of which are outside of our control. We may face user dissatisfaction due to perceptions of our failure to engage children in effective learning, or our users’ overall dissatisfaction with the quality of the content of our learning apps and offline products, technical disruptions, as well as potential concerns from parents regarding their children's learning through games being too immersive and distracting. Expanding our global reach in gamified early learning would require us to continue developing high-quality content, expanding our user base and enhancing user engagement, improving and expanding our gamified early learning offerings and navigating an uncertain and evolving regulatory environment. For instance, the timing for our entry and extent of expansion into India for gamified early learning, which currently continues to be a nascent market for this business segment, cannot be predicted. 

If we are unable to continue to attract and retain users and subscriptions, or to maintain or increase the spending of our existing users on our offerings, our revenues may decline, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **_29. Our ability to maintain our leadership position and help build the eSports market in India is dependent on various external factors and third parties._** 

As a part of our eSports operations, we host online and offline gaming tournaments, leagues and cups such as ESL India Premiership, DreamHack, KO Fight Nights, Mountain Dew Arena, the CII India Gaming Show and the Airtel India E-Sports Tour, with participation from Indian and international teams. 

The eSports market in India continues to evolve. According to the Frost & Sullivan Report, amongst the few companies that have championed the case for eSports in India, we have established ourselves as a pioneer, owing to our strong relationships with global gaming publishers and platforms including market leaders such as ESL and Valve Corporation. Currently, we dominate the Indian eSports market with over 80% of the total market share, and a market share of 78%, 82%, 85% and 73% respectively, across unique IPs, unique events, unique event days and prize pool for the calendar year 2019. ( _Source: F&S Report_ ) We also operate Sportskeeda, a leading sports and eSports news destination website and the largest multi Sports news site in India with over 20 million MAUs as of September 30, 2020. ( _Source: F&S Report_ ) There are a number of factors which would determine the scale and pace of growth of this market, including the continued interest of viewers and gamers in eSports, the extent of disruption of the traditional sports market by eSports, the propensity of gamers to consider eSports as a professional opportunity, inclination of viewers to pay for eSports content and media and conversion of gamers into paying consumers. India, with its deep mobile user penetration, favorable data pricing and the largest millennial and Gen-Z youth populations, which form the largest user base for mobile gaming, is primed to be a leading market for online gaming and content-backed experiential sports in the coming years ( _Source: F&S Report_ ), and there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively, including with global eSports players with longer operating histories and better capabilities that may enter the market, or without incurring additional costs in order to maintain our position in the eSports market. 

36 

While nearly all the preliminary rounds of the eSports tournaments organised by us are held online, with participants playing from their individual computers, the latter stages of certain tournaments are, subject to any current exceptions on account of COVID-19, held at large offline events which attracts live audiences. 

For our eSports business, we enter into arrangements with global gaming publishers and exclusive partnerships with league owners and brands. Pursuant to the arrangements, such third parties have the right to unilaterally terminate the agreements, in accordance with their terms. Further, we have an exclusive license partnership with ESL for management and hosting of IP based gaming events such as ESL India Premiership. We also utilise ‘Toornament’, a publicly available technology platform, for hosting our gaming tournaments. In the event that any of these agreements are terminated or we are not able to maintain such arrangements on an exclusive basis, our eSports business would be adversely impacted, and any inability to procure a replacement for such arrangement may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. In the event that owing to any change in technology, or terms of use of ‘Toornament’, we are unable to host gaming tournaments on the platform, our business operations and financial position may be adversely impacted. 

Additionally, we organise tournaments where gamers assemble and play games online, for which arrangements based on purchase orders and invoices are entered into with, _inter alia_ , venue owners and vendors for equipment. In the event that any such third parties breach any terms of the arrangement, in the absence of a formal agreement, we may not be able to seek a contractual remedy through legal proceedings. Any breach by such third parties may have an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and brand value. 

Our revenue from eSports is primarily derived from ad inventory sales, media rights licensing and sponsorships. In case of a decline in the overall economic environment that results in an adverse impact on the creation, organisation and development of content, and titles that we stream or events that we organise and manage, or on the branding spends of corporates that sponsor such events, the prize pool offered by us maybe adversely impacted, thereby impacting our brand value and popularity, as well as our overall revenues and operations. We also execute annual, event specific agreements with sponsors and licensees for the right to use certain brands in relation to the eSports tournaments. Certain of these agreements are pending renewal and maybe renewed in due course.  In the absence of any long-term agreements, our inability to continue such arrangements with third parties or enter into fresh arrangements, at any time, could adversely impact our business operations. Further, we do not have limited liability under its arrangements with third parties. While there have been no instances of penalty or damages pursuant to such arrangements, in the event that any alleged breach by such third parties results in the levy of a large amount of penalty or damages, our results of operations and cash flows maybe adversely impacted. Any adverse impact owing to the foregoing reasons may have an unfavourable impact on our reputation, financial position and the results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_30. Our white-label eSports events are seasonal in nature._** 

Our white-label eSports events are seasonal in nature, with a significant number of such events historically being held between June and December, each calendar year. Owing to the concentration of most of the tournaments during one half of each calendar year, results of operations and cash flows in the first half of the calendar year maybe adversely impacted, which may in turn have a negative impact on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_31. We derive a significant portion of our revenue of our eSports business from a few customers, most of whom we do not have long term contractual arrangements with._** 

We are dependent on a limited number of customers for a significant portion of our revenues from our eSports business, and do not have long-term contractual arrangements with most of our significant customers. We conduct business with certain customers on the basis of annual or event specific agreements or only purchase orders or invoices that are issued from time to time. 

For our eSports events, while we do not have our own direct customer base as these are undertaken in the nature of business-to business operations, we have built a network of gamers and gaming enthusiasts through our integration with various gaming communities across the country. We conduct various tournaments and leagues starting from grassroot to professional levels across games and provide awareness building opportunities to the gaming community through a mix of social media awareness, individual and group level interactions and certain event related advertising. For our sports and eSports news destination website, i.e., Sportskeeda, content is made available on our website, which receives traction through search engines and from social media and YouTube as well as direct visits to the website. 

The loss of one or more of our significant customers or a reduction in the amount of business we obtain from them could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The reliance on a select group of customers may also constrain our ability to negotiate arrangements, which may have an impact on our profit margins and financial performance, and thereby an adverse impact on our cash flows and results of operations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain historic levels of business from our significant customers, or that we will be able to significantly reduce customer concentration in the future. 

# **_32. Our operations in skill-based fantasy and trivia real money games are subject to regulatory uncertainty._** 

We have entered into skill-based gaming in India and strategically created presence in the real money gaming segment with the 

37 

acquisition of Halaplay and investments in Sports Unity we are also participating in sports fantasy gaming and trivia games. ( _Source: F&S Report_ ) The recent years have seen the development of real money and skill gaming in India owing to the popularity of fantasy sports and localization of games by game developers. Games such as Online Poker, Rummy, sports fantasy etc., have gained significant traction in the Indian market in the recent years. Fantasy sports is the fastest growing segment of the real money market, growing by five times over the past three years to reach 100 million users. ( _Source: F&S Report_ ) 

However, skill based real money gaming is also fraught with statutory risk and there have been recent instances of multiple states banning any form of online real money gaming in the respective states given that it is a state as well as central subject as per Indian constitution. ( _Source: F&S Report_ ) There has been considerable judicial and regulatory scrutiny in India in recent years with respect to real money gaming, including fantasy games, and there continues to be uncertainty in the regulatory framework and associated binary risks in relation to real money gaming in India. The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, Government of India, has pursuant to a notification dated December 4, 2020, advised all broadcasters to comply with the guidelines on advertisements relating to online gaming and fantasy sports issued by the ASCI, which is effective from December 15, 2020. These guidelines, inter alia, prohibit depiction of person under the age of or appearing to be under the age of 18 years engaged in playing online games for real money winnings, and the presentation of ‘online gaming for real money winnings’ as an income opportunity or an alternative employment option. Further, Niti Aayog, in December 2020, has introduced the Draft Guiding Principles for Uniform National-Level Regulation of Online Fantasy Sports Platforms in India (“ **Guiding Principles** ”), which are required to be implemented and overseen by a recognized self-regulatory organization. The Guiding Principles, _inter alia_ , provide for requirements in relation to formats of fantasy sports contests, periodic submission of statistical data of user performance by the operators, minimum age for pay-to-play formats and institution of safeguards for minors, terms of participation, and advertising and promotion of contests. For further details of law and recent regulatory and government actions in relation to online gaming and real money gaming, see “Risk Factor 42 - Our businesses are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in India and overseas.” and “Industry Overview” on pages 41 and 111, respectively. 

Given the current uncertainty in the regulatory framework and associated binary risks, we have opted for a strategy focused on near-term profitability rather than investing in brand building and consumer acquisition at scale, and limited our operations to certain games under this business segment, such as Halaplay, WCC Rivals Clash, Carrom Clash and Qunami. While we intend to closely monitor regulatory developments around real money gaming, which we believe helps us develop a state of preparedness and gives us an advantage to be able to move quickly with minimal independent development and market generation costs, we cannot assure you that we will be able to capitalise on our current offerings and expand into the real money business segment in a short period of time following regulatory clarity being achieved, or in a cost-effective manner, or that we will be able to effectively compete with our peers who have presence in real money gaming in India. Further, such strategy for other products in the future may also impact diversification and scalability, and thereby affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_33. Our revenues from freemium mobile games are largely dependent on our leading mindshare in cricket simulation mobile games._** 

In the Financial Year 2018, we acquired Next Wave to further augment our cricket mobile game offerings, and through IP-led cricket games such as WCC, WCC 2, Beach Cricket and Bat Attack Cricket, we now command the greatest mindshare in the mobile cricket segment. _(Source: F&S Report)_ 

We have focused on the WCC franchise and have over the years updated and refined the gaming interface, introduced new content within and launched new versions of the WCC games to ensure continued relevance with game players. WCC games recorded over almost 100,000 installs per day in the nine month period ended  December 31, 2020. Over the last four years, there have been more than 100 million installs of the WCC games, showing the power of brand and community built around WCC. From being one of India’s most-awarded mobile games to being one of the world’s Top 10 Games by monthly active usage to getting listed on Google Play Store’s Editor’s Choice section, WCC games have done it all. Overall, WCC apps have garnered more than 140 million installs across devices. _(Source: F&S Report)_ 

This leadership position in cricket simulation games through the above franchises is a key contributor to our revenues in the freemium mobile games. WCC franchise accounted for 76% and 81% of our total MAUs for the freemium business, for the Financial Year 2020 and nine month period ended December 31, 2020, respectively. Therefore, our inability to retain our current popularity and levels of engagement with players for these games may materially and adversely affect our revenues, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **_34. Failure to monetise our freemium offerings effectively may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and our results of operations._** 

Our financial performance and sustained revenue growth with respect to freemium offerings are largely dependent on our ability to monetize our businesses, by converting active users to paying customers and increase their spending. 

Monetization of our mobile gaming and gamified early learning businesses is based on the freemium model, with revenues generated through micro-transactions with consumers within the app or ‘in-app purchases’, monthly or annual subscriptions of the apps through app stores and in certain cases, telecom operators, and through advertisement services on our freemium mobile games. We generate revenue by selling in-app virtual items representing functional items or feature enhancements to our game players and gamified early learning users, which can be purchased and utilized within the app environment to accelerate 

38 

progress, enhance social interactions and enjoy a more personalized game or learning experience. The Indian gamer community is historically famous for not spending on IAPs and paid games ( _Source: F&S Report_ ). Spending in our games is discretionary, and in the event we are unable to continue to offer monetization features that appeal to and encourage users to make in-app purchases, our freemium business may be negatively impacted. Further, our gamified early learning business caters to a developed market in North America, where we have a nascent track record of having generated revenues through in-app purchases in our gamified early learning business. We cannot assure you of the time frame in which in-app purchases will become popular in our gamified early learning business or if we will be able to maintain the appeal of our in-app virtual items with gamers in emerging markets. 

A significant part of our revenue in freemium has historically come from our advertisement services. Our freemium revenue model combines in-app purchases and advertisements included in our games. We have executed agreements with the platforms on which we distribute our games for incorporating advertisements in our games, which are, _inter alia_ , provided by such platforms to us. We have also executed agreements with certain vendors for in-app advertisements. We receive payments for such advertisements based on multiple factors, including the number valid clicks or the number of valid impressions on the advertisements, or the number of average daily advertisement opportunities for the advertisements included in our games. In the event our users do not click on such advertisements, or if there is a delay in payment or a non-payment of our revenue share by the platforms or the vendors, our revenue from advertising services would be adversely impacted, thereby affecting our results of operations and cash flows. 

Further, payments for our in-app purchases and subscriptions are facilitated through third-party channels such as online payment gateways, bank transfers, credit cards, debit cards, mobile phone billing and prepaid cards, and any technical disruption, adverse change in regulatory regime or increase in our fee or commissions payable to such channels could adversely affect our revenues and business prospects. 

A trend of shortage of revenues from in-app purchases, increase in advertisement prices, reduction in digital advertisement budget in industry, failure to develop new and popular games, may have an impact on the scale of our revenue from advertising services as well. 

# **_35. We may not be successful in effectively maintaining, promoting or developing our brands._** 

Many factors are important for maintaining, developing and enhancing our brands, including by increasing brand awareness through brand building initiatives and ensuring customer satisfaction by consistently creating fresh and engaging content. There can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively promote or develop our brands. If any of the offerings which we launch from time to time do not meet standards for quality and performance or customers’ subjective expectations, our brand reputation and customer retention may be impacted. If we fail to maintain our reputation, enhance our brand recognition or increase positive awareness of our mobile games, or the quality of our mobile games declines, our business, financial condition and cash flows, results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Advertisements form a key part of our brand awareness and brand-building methods. We advertise our freemium mobile games primarily through Google, Facebook, app stores, influencers for mobile games as well as for our gamified early learning app and real money games. Our freemium business is operated in collaboration with leading app stores, such as Google Play Store and Apple App Store, which provides us access to a large number of gamers. Customer acquisition and popularity of our freemium mobile games is driven by the organic pull of our proprietary IPs as well as licensed IP, which is incorporated in our freemium mobile games. Our inability to maintain our arrangements with leading ad networks, publishers, app stores, or our inability to continue to create proprietary IP or to license popular IP would adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. Any impact on the advertising policies of Apple, Google, Facebook or even government and regulatory policies in the United States, India or other regions that we or such platforms operate from, may adversely impact the ability to acquire new users and thus impacting our growth and cash flows, besides impacting unit economics at each subscriber level. We enter into arrangements with _inter alia_ game publishers and broadcasters for our eSports offerings, as set out under “Our Business – Our Operations – eSports” on page 161. Marketing for the eSports tournaments is primarily undertaken through television advertisements, social media platforms, influencer marketing, event marketing on platforms such as YouTube, Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Our inability to enter into arrangements with broadcasting platforms and other social media platforms, may adversely impact the volume of views for our eSports offerings. Further, any negative publicity, regarding our content or the relevant sport or event, may adversely impact our brand value and customer perception, thereby adversely impacting our results of operations and cash flows. 

Customer acquisition in our telco subscription business is primarily driven through advertisement banners placed in third party mobile sites by global and local advertisement networks we have existing arrangements with. Our inability to collaborate with advertisement networks which enable us to successfully acquire customers or our telecom partners which facilitate subscription would adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows and operating profit. 

# **_36. Our success depends substantially on the continuing services of our Promoters and senior management, and our ability to attract and retain senior executives and other key personnel._** 

Our success heavily depends upon the continued services of our Promoters, members of our senior management including our KMPs and SMPs, and other key employees. If one or more of our senior executives or key employees are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, it could disrupt our business operations, and we may not be able to replace them easily or at all. Inability to 

39 

retain members of our senior management, our senior executives and key personnel or attract and retain new senior executives and key personnel in the future could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

If any of our senior executives or key personnel joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose customers, suppliers, know-how and key IT professionals and staff members to them which may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Also, if any of our business development managers, who generally keep a close relationship with our customers, joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose customers, and our revenues may be materially adversely affected. Additionally, there could be unauthorised disclosure or use of our technical knowledge, practices or procedures by such personnel. If any dispute arises between our senior executives or key personnel and us, any non-competition, nonsolicitation and non-disclosure provisions in our employment agreements we have with our senior executives or key personnel might not provide effective protection to us, and we may incur additional costs in resolving such disputes or remedying losses. If we cannot attract and retain qualified personnel or effectively implement appropriate succession plans for our management and key executives, it may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **_37. Failure to attract and retain highly skilled gaming professionals may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Our business is people driven and, accordingly, our success depends upon our ability to attract, develop, motivate, retain and effectively utilise highly skilled professionals across our businesses. We are also dependent upon game developers and experts in the gaming industry which curate mobile games and develop/provide gaming platforms for us. We believe that there is significant competition for gaming professionals in India and that such competition is likely to continue for the foreseeable future. Increased hiring by technology companies and increasing worldwide competition for skilled gaming professionals may lead to a shortage in the availability of suitable personnel in the locations where we operate and hire. 

The attrition rate of our Company for FY 2020, FY 2019 and FY 2018 was 37%, 29% and 25%, respectively. We may encounter higher attrition rates in the future. A significant increase in the attrition rate among skilled gaming professionals with specialised skills could decrease our operating efficiency and productivity and could lead to a decline in demand for our services. The competition for highly-skilled gaming professionals may require us to increase salaries, and we may be unable to pass on these increased costs to our customers. This would increase our operational costs which may adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, we may be unable to manage knowledge developed internally, which may be lost in the event of our inability to retain employees. 

Companies engaged in the technology industry are required to provide a greater deal of employee satisfaction and morale through providing professional incentives and enable digital maturity through collaborative support from the workforce. Further, there is a limited pool of individuals who have the skills and training needed to help us grow our Company, including a shortage of employees skilled in across game design, product managers, UI/ UX designers, game live operations skills, growth hacking of paying players, artificial intelligence, machine learning, cybersecurity and data analytics. We compete for such talented individuals not only with other companies in our industry but also with companies in other industries, such as software services, engineering services, financial services and technology generally, among others. High attrition rates of professionals would increase our hiring, reskilling, upskilling and training costs and could have an adverse effect on our ability to complete existing contracts in a timely manner, meet customer objectives and expand our business. Failure to hire, train and retain professionals in sufficient numbers could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows results of operations and financial condition. 

**_38. Our Promoters, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, Senior Management Personnel and other key executives of our Company and Subsidiaries may enter into ventures that may lead to real or potential conflicts of interest with our business._** 

Our Promoters, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel, Senior Management Personnel and other key executives of our Company and Subsidiaries, may become involved in ventures that may potentially compete with us. Interests of such persons may conflict with the interests of our other Shareholders, and they may, for business considerations or otherwise, cause us to take actions, or refrain from taking actions, in order to benefit themselves, which may conflict with the best interests of our Company or that of our other Shareholders, which in turn may materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our Company will not enter into any transactions which in the Board’s reasonable opinion will be detrimental to the Shareholders. 

# **_39. Our Company may not exercise control over day to day operations in certain investee companies._** 

Our Company has acquired controlling stake in most of our recent acquisitions and these companies operate as our Subsidiaries. However, there are certain entities, including our associate companies, in which our Company continues to hold only minority shareholding, affirmative voting rights and/or significant influence, as applicable, such as Mastermind Sports Limited, Moong Labs Technologies Private Limited, Instasportz Consultancy Private Limited, Khichadi Technologies Private Limited, and is unable to exercise control on account of limited visibility on day to day operations of such entities. In addition, in relation to our Material Subsidiaries, including where we exercise control through majority shareholding and appointment of nonexecutive members of the board of such investee companies, we may not be involved in the day to day business operations and the founders/ promoters of these investee companies have the flexibility to take routine business decisions, on a day to day 

40 

basis. As a result, this may adversely impact our ability to formulate and implement optimal growth and operational strategies in these investee companies. 

# **_40. Any adverse consumer sentiment towards our content offerings will materially and adversely affect our business, reputation, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Each of our offerings is reliant on the quality of content and we make significant investments in content development to provide content and services that appeal to the tastes, preferences, and sensibilities of users in multiple markets. There can be no assurance that content of or information disseminated through one or more of our offerings may not be subject to adverse consumer perceptions or sentiments. 

Our freemium mobile games, gamified early learning app, and other skill-based, fantasy and trivia games, are accessible through third party platforms, giving us limited control on the availability of our content across demographics and geographies. While we implement monitoring procedures to prohibit inappropriate content from being displayed on our games and apps, there can be no assurance that our users will not consider our content, particularly in our gamified early learning apps which caters to children, inappropriate. We also include advertisements in our freemium mobile games, and have limited control over the advertisements being displayed while users are engaging with our mobile games and apps, and there can be no assurance that all advertisements displayed during user activity will be age appropriate or that no advertisement may result in adverse consumer perceptions or sentiments. We rely on advertisements in third party apps to promote our offerings. 

Similarly, any negative or objectionable content which may be displayed by third parties including advertisers or sponsors during any eSports event, or any personal remark of a commentator or of a spectator that is published during any event, may cause negative perception or sentiment. Such perception and sentiment may result in a decrease in the subscription and distribution of our games and apps, as well as reduce viewership and participation in our eSports events, which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

If we show advertisements that are fraudulent, we may lose the trust of our users, which is likely to harm our brand and reputation. If potential customers perceive that our offerings are vulnerable to bots or similar non-human traffic, fraudulent app downloads, clicks or other malicious activity, we may not be able to maintain our existing customers or attract new customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Additionally, any perception that our practices or products are an invasion of privacy, whether or not such practices or products are consistent with current or future regulations and industry practices, may subject us to public criticism, legal actions, reputational harm or actions by regulators, which could disrupt our business and expose us to increased liability. 

Further, we may face civil or administrative liability if an individual or corporate, government or other entity believes that our content violates any laws, regulations or governmental policies or infringes upon its legal rights. For details, see “Risk Factor 42- Our businesses are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in India and overseas.” on page 41. Even if such a claim were not successful, defending such a claim may cause us to incur substantial costs. Any accusation of inappropriate content, particularly in our education content offerings, could lead to significant negative publicity, which could harm our reputation, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **_41. Any fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may have an impact on our profits generated from emerging markets._** 

We transact business in various currencies other than the Indian rupee and have significant international sales and expenses denominated in USD and other currencies, which subjects us to currency exchange risks. A substantial portion of our international sales and expenses are denominated in local currencies such as Nigerian Naira and Kenyan Shilling and emerging market currencies such as Indonesian Rupiah, Bangladesh Taka and Sri Lankan Rupee, which could fluctuate against the Indian rupee. Since we have significant international sales, any fluctuations in the foreign currency exchange rates resulting from, _inter alia_ , economic, geo-political or social factors may impact our ability to optimise the equation between maintain customer lifetime value and customer acquisition cost, as per our targets, which may result in an asymmetric and disproportional impact on our profits, revenue, results of operations and cash flows. Presently, we have not entered into any hedging arrangements to account for any adverse changes to the foreign currency exchange rate, and there can be no assurance that in the absence of such arrangements, any changes in the foreign exchange rates in the future will not have an impact on our business condition and profitability. 

# **_42. Our businesses are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in India and overseas._** 

We are subject to a variety of laws across the geographies in which we operate, including laws regarding consumer protection (including with respect to the use of email, telephonic, text messaging and other forms of electronic marketing), intellectual property, virtual items and currency, export and national security, all of which are continuously evolving and developing. It is possible that a number of laws and regulations may be adopted in India, the United States, Canada or in emerging markets, that could restrict the online and mobile industries, including player privacy, advertising, taxation, gaming, copyright, distribution and antitrust. Furthermore, the growth and development of electronic commerce and virtual items and currency may prompt calls for more stringent consumer protection laws that may impose additional burdens on or limitations on operations of companies such as ours conducting business through the internet and mobile devices. Our advertisements and marketing activities, depending upon the jurisdiction of operation as well as that of our target demographic, are also subject to stringent 

41 

regulations such as the GDPR and local frameworks such as that by the ASCI, and also require compliance with policies of our app store partners, advertisement networks etc. The ASCI, on November 24, 2020, has issued guidelines on advertisements relating to online gaming and fantasy sports, which would be effective from December 15, 2020. These guidelines prescribe the content and format for certain disclaimers to be included in print and audio or video advertisements, and specifically prohibit depiction of person under the age of or appearing to be under the age of 18 years engaged in playing online games for real money winnings, and the presentation of ‘online gaming for real money winnings’ as an income opportunity or an alternative employment option. The guidelines also prescribe that advertisements should not suggest that a person engaged in gaming activity is more successful as compared to others. The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, Government of India, has pursuant to a notification dated December 4, 2020, advised all broadcasters that these guidelines be adhered to, and to ensure that advertisements do not promote any activity which is prohibited by statute or law. 

Niti Aayog, in December 2020, has introduced the Guiding Principles with a view to adopt measures to best support the industry with a focus on compliance with the rule of law, good governance, need for consumer protection and public interest, including by way of institution of a grievance redressal mechanism that will address consumer disputes in an adequate, efficient, and affordable manner. The Guiding Principles are required to be implemented and overseen by a recognized self-regulatory organization. Further, the Guiding Principles, _inter alia_ , provide for requirements in relation to formats of fantasy sports contests, periodic submission of statistical data of user performance by the operators, minimum age for pay-to-play formats and institution of safeguards for minors, terms of participation, and advertising and promotion of contests. 

Our gamified early learning apps are subject to applicable rules notified by the Federal Trade Commission, such as the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Rule (“ **COPPA** ”), which applies to, and imposes certain requirements on, operators of commercial websites and online services (including mobile apps and IoT devices) directed to children under the age of 13 years and operators of general audience websites or online services with actual knowledge that they are collecting, using, or disclosing personal information from children under the age of 13 years. COPPA, effective since April 2000, requires websites to post a complete privacy policy, notify parents directly about their information collection practices, and get verifiable parental consent before collecting personal information from their children – or sharing it with others. 

Our content offerings across our freemium, eSports and other businesses are also subject to regulatory oversight. We are potentially subject to a number of domestic and foreign laws and regulations that affect the offering of certain types of content, including depiction of violence or age-inappropriate content, many of which are ambiguous, still evolving and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business or expose us to liability. Pursuant to a notification dated November 9, 2020, regulatory oversight of ‘Digital and Online Media’, namely, films and audio-visual programmes made available by online content providers, and news and current affairs on online platforms, has been brought under the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting. There can be no assurance that such oversight or any guidelines or regulations enacted by the Ministry pursuant to this amendment will not restrict our ability to display or disseminate our current content during eSports events or on our apps like Halaplay and Sportskeeda, or that the relevant government authorities will not prohibit the distribution of information through the internet that they deem to be objectionable on various grounds, such as public interest or public security, or consider such content to otherwise be in violation of local laws and regulations. If any of the information disseminated through our platforms were deemed by any relevant government authorities to violate content restrictions, we would not be able to continue to display such content and could be subject to penalties, including confiscation of the property used in the non-compliant acts, removal of the infringing content, temporary or permanent blocks, administrative fines, suspension of business, revocation of the registration to act as an electronic systems provider and revocation of required licenses, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

The regulation and legality of online betting and gaming varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. In certain jurisdictions, there is no directly applicable legislation, and in some, there may be conflicting laws and/or regulations, divergent interpretations or approaches by enforcement agencies and inconsistent enforcement policies. We operate BigPesa, a real money gaming and betting platform, through one of our subsidiaries, NZWorld Kenya Limited. In India, we operate Halaplay, a daily fantasy sports platform that allows gamers and sports enthusiasts to play short games based on skill, for cash prizes. 

While our real money gaming business in Kenya is operated under a valid bookmakers off-the course license issued by the Betting Control and Licensing Board, Kenya, there can be no assurance that our determinations on permitting users in a given jurisdiction to access our apps and on engaging in different marketing activities and customer outreach initiatives, are based on sufficient factors which comply with applicable laws. In the event of any insufficiency, one or more enforcement agencies may take an adverse action against us or our users, adversely impacting our business and operations. In India, the legality of online betting and gaming determined under central as well as state law, which may lead to uncertainties arising from differing approaches among states. For instance, the state law on gambling in the State of Andhra Pradesh, the Andhra Pradesh Gambling Act, 1974, was amended with effect from September 25, 2020, to ban online gaming websites requiring users to wager money. In October 2020, the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh also requested the Minister for Information Technology, to direct internet service providers (ISPs) to block 132 websites allegedly engaged in online, real money gaming. In November 2020, the Madras high court has issued notices to brand ambassadors and celebrities endorsing online fantasy games, including the Indian cricket team captain Virat Kohli and BCCI president Sourav Ganguly, and actors Prakash Raj, Rana Daggubati and Tammana Bhatia, pursuant to a petition alleging that addiction to these games could cause ill effects on the health and slow down the brain growth of children. In the States of Sikkim and Nagaland, while the respective state governments have excluded the staking of money on games of skill from the ambit of gambling, the operators of online portals for such games are mandated to get licenses for conducting such games within state boundaries. 

42 

We anticipate that scrutiny and regulation of our industry may increase, and we will be required to devote legal and other resources to addressing such regulation. For instance, based on any amendment, clarification or interpretation taken by the Government or regulatory authorities in future, which may result in the classification of any of our existing or future games, eSports content or other offerings as regulated or prohibited activities, may expose us to restrictions under the foreign exchange laws and/or penalties or statutory or regulatory action and/or we may be required to cease offering or scale back such games or other offerings. Further, given that a significant portion of our business operations are operated overseas, any change in law, clarification or interpretation adopted by the judicial, regulatory or statutory authorities in relation to identification of the place of effective management under the applicable tax legislations in India could adversely impact the tax benefits available to our Company and its Subsidiaries, which may result in an adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flows. Changes in current laws or regulations or the imposition of new laws and regulations in India or the emerging markets may reduce the growth of our business operations and hamper our business operations. For instance, with the anticipated enactment of the Personal Data Protection Bill, 2019, we may incur increased compliances and costs, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and prospects. 

The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly laws outside India. It is also likely that as our business grows and evolves and our games, learning and fantasy gaming apps and sports media are played in a greater number of countries, we will become subject to laws and regulations in additional jurisdictions. If we are not able to comply with these laws or regulations or if we become liable under these laws or regulations, we could be directly harmed, and we may be forced to implement new measures to reduce our exposure to this liability. This may require us to expend substantial resources or to modify our games, which would increase our legal compliance cost, harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, the increased attention focused upon liability issues as a result of legal proceedings could harm our reputation or otherwise impact the growth of our business. Any costs incurred as a result of this potential liability could harm our business and operating results. 

# **_43. We are dependent on third parties for the distribution and billing pipeline of our freemium, eSports and telco subscription offerings and skill-based real money games._** 

Distribution of our offerings is predominantly dependent on various third parties such as app stores (Google Play Store, Apple App Store, etc.), telecom operators, advertisement networks and third-party developers for customer acquisition, distribution of games and promotion of our network of games to users. 

For our freemium mobile games, we are dependent on our arrangements with third party app stores such as Google Play Store and Apple App Store for providing us with a platform to showcase our games, and our advertising arrangements for the generation of revenues. In the event that we are not able to sustain our arrangement with either Google Play Store or Apple App Store, it may have a significant impact on the profitability of our freemium business, and its contribution to our overall revenues, results of operations and cash flows. Further, there can be no assurance that our arrangements with Google Play Store or Apple App Store or our advertising arrangements will continue to be on terms favourable to us. Any regulatory changes in relation to the nature or duration of advertising content, or any technological developments which impact the ability of our advertisements to be showcased (for example: pop-up blockers, ad filters, etc), may impact our ability to generate revenues from our freemium business. We also depend upon third-party payment service providers to provide gamers with various payment options, such as direct carrier billing, credit cards, debit cards and payment through other third-party payment services. Any disruptions in such payment mechanisms may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and cash flows. Further, in the event that any of the app stores cease operations or are significantly adversely impacted by any change in regulation, our freemium business operations maybe substantially adversely impacted. 

Content distribution in our eSports business is undertaken through broadcasting and social media platforms, and depends heavily on the availability of high-speed internet data, which in turn is dependent on the ability of various telecom operators across the world in providing access to high-speed internet data to their respective users. If any of the third party service providers for our businesses deliver unsatisfactory services, engage in fraudulent actions, or are unable or refuse to continue to provide its services to us and our gamers for any reason, it may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows. 

Customer acquisition in our telco subscription business is primarily driven by our arrangements with global and local advertisement networks and strategic partnerships with telecom operators. Any reduction in our number of arrangements with the telecom operators, or the number of subscribers of a telecom operator in a particular geography, may have a material impact on our revenues from the telco subscription business and our overall profitability. In addition, in the event that we are unable to source subscribers for our telco subscription business pursuant to our arrangements with advertisement networks, the results of our operations may be adversely affected, thereby impacting our profitability and growth. 

# **_44. We are dependent on arrangements with telecom operators and content aggregators for aggregating mobile games for our telco subscription business, and none of our games offered through our telco subscription business are developed in-house._** 

Our network of games for our telco subscription business comprises over 1,021 android games, as of December 31, which are distributed through non-exclusive arrangements with telecom operators and with content aggregators, content for telecom 

43 

operators. As a result, there can be no assurance that there will not be multiple mobile games similar to our games in a particular geography, or that such mobile games will not be available at subscription rates which are more attractive than the rates offered by us, or that we will be able to renew such arrangements. In the event that telecom operators in a particular geography partner with other mobile games aggregators or publishers with games similar to ours but at more competitive rates, there can be no assurance that the telecom operators will continue their existing arrangements with us on terms favourable to us, or at all. 

# **_45. Our skill-based, fantasy and trivia real money games may be vulnerable to cheating programs or guides._** 

Unrelated third parties may develop “cheating” programs or guides that enable players to advance in our games, particularly on BigPesa, Halaplay and other skill-based games including Qunami and Carrom Clash, which could reduce the demand for inapp virtual items that, upon purchase, enable players to progress in the game. In addition, unrelated third parties could attempt to scam our gamers with fake offers for virtual items. In addition, vulnerabilities in the design of our applications and of the platforms upon which they run could be discovered after their release, which may result in lost revenue opportunities from paying gamers or increased cost of developing technological measures to respond to these, either of which could harm our business. 

# **_46. The distribution of our games and apps may not generate adequate revenues to recover associated costs, impacting our profitability_** . 

Currently, we distribute gamified early learning app and our freemium mobile games and skill-based, fantasy and trivia real money games through third party app stores, and our telco subscription mobile games in partnership with telecom operators. In-app purchases and subscriptions in our freemium mobile games and gamified early learning apps are made through payment gateways. In our telco subscription business, subscribers of our telecom partners pay for our subscription offerings through the billing gateways of the respective telecom partners. However, telecom operators have increasingly started offering free services as a part of their bundled offerings which is resulting in a fall in the number of subscribers who pay for these services. In the event that the telecom partners stop providing such billing gateway services, there may be a material adverse effect on our telco subscription business. 

We acquire IP from third parties for our business and invest in our own intellectual property, based on our management revenue estimates, driven by our data analytics capabilities. However, the actual performance of such content acquired by us may vary from estimates for factors which may be beyond our control. For certain of our games and eSports content, or format IPs we may not be able to generate adequate or expected revenues to recover the costs associated with such contents. Further, we cannot give any assurance that all future contents would generate sufficient revenues to recover the cost involved. The aforementioned risks could adversely impact our profitability which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **Risks relating to our Company and Subsidiaries** 

**_47. A significant amount of the revenue of our Company is contributed through our Subsidiaries. Therefore, our ability to maintain returns on our investments in subsidiaries and pay dividends on the Equity Shares depends on our ability to obtain cash dividends and/or repatriate cash payments from our Subsidiaries._** 

A significant amount of our consolidated revenue is contributed through our Subsidiaries, a majority of which are incorporated in countries other than India. Our Indian Material Subsidiaries, Halaplay, Paper Boat and Nodwin, contributed 14.30%, 7.51% and 29.84% respectively, of the total consolidated revenue of our Company for the Financial Year 2020, and 2.72%, 38.04% and 26.12% respectively, of the total consolidated revenue of our Company for the six month period ended September 30, 2020. Our overseas material Subsidiaries, Nazara Technologies FZ LLC and Nazara Technologies, Mauritius, contributed 16.06% and 18.34% respectively, of the total consolidated net worth of our Company for the Financial Year 2020, and  16.34% and 18.57% respectively, of the total consolidated net worth of our Company for the six month period ended September 30, 2020. Further, our Company has received a dividend of `39.10 million on April 9, 2020. 

The ability of our Subsidiaries to generate returns and pay dividends depends on the success of their business operations, financial condition, provisions of charter or constitutional documents, terms of their financing arrangements and applicable laws in the jurisdictions where they are incorporated. Further, the ability of our Company to receive cash dividend and/or cash payments are also dependent on, _inter alia_ , Indian and foreign taxation laws and foreign exchange laws. In addition, our Subsidiaries may in the future be restricted from giving us dividends by contracts, including financing arrangements and charter provisions. 

We may not be able to monetize our investments in all of the Subsidiaries and may not derive fair value from all of our investments. Therefore, eventually we may not be able to derive any investment income from the Subsidiaries. Further, we cannot assure you that our Subsidiaries will generate sufficient profits and cash flows, or otherwise will be able to pay dividends or other cash payments to our Company. The inability of one or more of these entities to generate profits, pay dividends and/or cash payments could have a material adverse impact on our cash flows and results of operations. 

**_48. We depend on the skills and efforts of our management team and other key managerial personnel, and our business may be adversely affected if we lose their services._** 

44 

Our success significantly depends upon the continued service of our directors, senior management and key managerial personnel.  The industry segments that we operate in are niche, constantly evolving, and require a high degree of specialization and experience to understand and internalize user preferences, global trends and developments in the mobile games space. This is ably embodied by our Promoters, Vikash Mittersain and Nitish Mittersain, each with significant experience in the mobile entertainment/ gaming industry through its association with our Company, our CEO, Manish Agarwal, with over 20 years of experience in various fields including the gaming space and marketing, and our experienced team of young professionals who play an active role in our business operations. We have also benefitted from our second, specialised level of leadership in our senior managerial personnel, P.R. Rajendran, P.R. Jayashree, Akshat Rathee, Gautam Virk, Porush Jain, Anupam Dhanuka, Anshu Dhanuka, Pratik Shah and James Savio Saldanha, founders, directors and key personnel from our Subsidiaries and associates, who have significant experience in various verticals within the mobile entertainment and gaming industry. For further details, see “Our Management” on page 193. 

As the competition for management and key personnel is intense and the number of qualified candidates is limited, we may not be able to retain the services of our key personnel, or attract executives and key personnel with the necessary experience and expertise in the future. Further, as we expect to continue to expand our operations and develop new products, we will need to continue to attract and retain experienced management, R&D and sales personnel. 

If any member of our management or one or more of our key personnel are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we may not be able to locate suitable or qualified replacements, and may incur additional expenses to recruit and train new personnel, and our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. We may need to increase compensation and other benefits in order to attract and retain personnel in the future, which may affect our costs and profitability. If any of our directors, executives or other key personnel joins a competitor, we may lose users, valuable know-how and may lose key personnel who could leave with them. 

# **_49. Our Company has issued Equity Shares in the last 12 months at a price which may be lower than the Offer Price._** 

During the last 12 months, we have issued Equity Shares at a price that may be lower than the Offer Price, as set forth below. 

|**Date of**<br>**Allotment**|**No. of**<br>**Equity**<br>**Shares**<br>**Allotted**|**Face**<br>**Value**<br>**per**<br>**Equity**<br>**Share**<br>**(**`**)**|**Offer**<br>**price**<br>**per**<br>**Equity**<br>**Share**<br>**(**`**)**|**Nature of**<br>**Consideration**|**Reason for**<br>**allotment**|**Allottees**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|May 6,<br>2020|412,088|4|728|Other than cash|Swap of 3,818 equity<br>shares of Paper Boat for<br>Equity Shares of our<br>Company|206,044 Equity Shares each were<br>issued to Anshu Dhanuka and<br>Anupam Dhanuka pursuant to the<br>swap of 3,818 equity shares of<br>Paper Boat, in accordance with the<br>terms of the Paper Boat Investment<br>Agreement Investment Agreement.|
|June 22,<br>2020|201,020|4|728|Other than cash|Swap of 20 equity<br>shares<br>and<br>26,065<br>compulsorily<br>convertible preference<br>shares<br>of<br>Halaplay<br>Technologies for the<br>Equity Shares of our<br>Company|164,416 Equity Shares were issued<br>to KAE Capital Fund II and 36,604<br>Equity Shares were issued to<br>Kalysta<br>Capital<br>Fund<br>II<br>(Mauritius)pursuant to the swap of<br>20 equity shares and 26,065<br>compulsorily<br>convertible<br>preference shares of Halaplay, in<br>accordance with the terms of<br>Halaplay SPA I.|
|December<br>28, 2020|89,625|4|234.32|Cash|Allotment pursuant to<br>exercise<br>of<br>ESOPs<br>issued<br>under<br>ESOP<br>2016, by an eligible<br>employee under ESOP<br>2016  (i.e. employee of<br>Nazara<br>Technologies<br>FZ-LLC, one of our<br>Subsidiaries)|<br>89,625 Equity Shares were issued<br>to James Savio Saldanha, an<br>employee of NTF, one of our<br>Subsidiaries|
|December<br>28, 2020|69,324|4|282.91|Cash|Allotment pursuant to<br>exercise<br>of<br>ESOPs<br>issued<br>under<br>ESOP<br>2017,<br>by<br>eligible<br>employee under ESOP<br>2017  (i.e. employee of<br>Next Wave Multimedia<br>Private Limited, one of<br>our Subsidiaries)|69,324 Equity Shares were issued<br>to P.R. Rajendran, an employee of<br>Next Wave, one of our Subsidiaries|



45 

|**Date of**<br>**Allotment**|**No. of**<br>**Equity**<br>**Shares**<br>**Allotted**|**Face**<br>**Value**<br>**per**<br>**Equity**<br>**Share**<br>**(**`**)**|**Offer**<br>**price**<br>**per**<br>**Equity**<br>**Share**<br>**(**`**)**|**Nature of**<br>**Consideration**|**Reason for**<br>**allotment**|**Allottees**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|December<br>31, 2020|185,440|<br>4|<br>728|Other than cash|Swap of equity shares<br>of Paper Boat Apps<br>with the Equity Shares<br>of our Company|92,720 Equity Shares each were<br>issued to Anshu Dhanuka and<br>Anupam Dhanuka pursuant to the<br>swap of 3,818 equity shares of<br>Paper Boat, in accordance with the<br>terms of the Paper Boat Investment<br>Agreement.|
|January 30,<br>2021|84,162|4|282.91|Cash|Allotment pursuant to<br>exercise<br>of<br>ESOPs<br>issued<br>under<br>ESOP<br>2017,<br>by<br>eligible<br>employees under ESOP<br>2017  (i.e. employees of<br>Next Wave Multimedia<br>Private Limited, one of<br>our Subsidiaries)|<br> <br>49,486 Equity Shares were allotted<br>to P.R. Jayashree and 34,676<br>Equity Shares were allotted to P.R.<br>Rajendra, who are both employees<br>of Next Wave, one of our<br>Subsidiaries|
|February 4,<br>2021|1,160,093|4|862.00|Cash|<br>Private placement|1,160,093 Equity Shares were<br>allotted to Instant Growth Limited<br>pursuant to the IGL SSA. For<br>details, see “History and Certain<br>Corporate Matters – Shareholders’<br>agreements and other agreements”<br>on page 191|
|March 2,<br>2021|143,421|4|234.32|Cash|Allotment pursuant to<br>exercise<br>of<br>ESOPs<br>issued<br>under<br>ESOP<br>2016, by employees of<br>our Company|<br>64,019 Equity Shares were allotted<br>to Rakesh Shah, 32,013 Equity<br>Shares each were allotted to Vamsi<br>Krishna Talasila and Chirag Shah,<br>3,844 Equity Shares each were<br>allotted to Amit Ramesh Shah,<br>Prashant Vijay Redkar, Amol<br>Deshpande and Vipul Pundalik<br>Sarang|
|March 2,<br>2021|111,000|4|282.91|Cash|Allotment pursuant to<br>exercise<br>of<br>ESOPs<br>issued<br>under<br>ESOP<br>2017,<br>by<br>eligible<br>employees under ESOP<br>2017 (i.e. employees of<br>Next Wave Multimedia<br>Private Limited, one of<br>ourSubsidiaries)|<br> <br>69,000 Equity Shares were allotted<br>to P.R. Rajendran and 42,000<br>Equity Shares were allotted to P.R.<br>Jayashree, who are both employees<br>of Next Wave Multimedia Private<br>Limited, one of our Subsidiaries|



For further details, see “History and Certain Corporate Matters – Details regarding material acquisitions or divestments of business/ undertakings, mergers, amalgamations or any revaluation of assets, in the last 10 years” on pages 177. The Offer Price should not be taken to be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Equity Shares are listed. The above Equity Shares have not been issued in violation of the applicable sections of the Companies Act. 

# **_50. This Red Herring Prospectus contains information from an industry report prepared by Frost & Sullivan, commissioned by us for such purpose. The accuracy, reliability or completeness of third-party statistical, financial and other industry information in this Red Herring Prospectus is not guaranteed._** 

This Red Herring Prospectus includes information that is derived from an industry report titled ‘Independent Market Report on the Gaming and Esports Industry in India’ dated January 8, 2021 prepared by Frost & Sullivan, in the sections titled “Industry Overview”, “Our Business”, “Risk Factors”, and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 111, 150, 24, and 328, respectively. Neither we, nor any of the BRLMs, the Selling Shareholders, our Directors, our Promoters, their affiliates or advisors, or any other person connected with the Offer have verified the third party statistical, financial and other industry information in the Frost & Sullivan Report and none of these parties makes any representation as to the accuracy of this information. 

Industry publications generally state that the information contained in those publications has been obtained from publicly available documents from various sources believed to be reliable but that their accuracy and completeness are not guaranteed and their reliability cannot be assured. Accordingly, no investment decisions should be solely based on such information. The data used in these sources may have been reclassified by us for the purposes of presentation. Data from these sources may also not be comparable. 

46 

The Frost & Sullivan Report highlights certain industry and market data, which may be subject to assumptions. Methodologies and assumptions vary widely among different industry sources. Forecasts, estimates, predictions, and other forward-looking statements contained in the Frost & Sullivan Report and this Red Herring Prospectus are inherently uncertain because of changes in factors underlying their assumptions, or events or combinations of events that cannot be reasonably foreseen. Actual results and future events could differ materially from such forecasts, estimates, predictions, or such statements. Further, such assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that the assumptions are correct or will not change and, accordingly, our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the reports are not a recommendation to invest or disinvest in the Equity Shares. Prospective investors are advised not to unduly rely on the reports or extracts thereof as included in this Red Herring Prospectus, when making their investment decisions. 

We have not independently verified data obtained from official and industry publications and other third party sources referred to in this Red Herring Prospectus and therefore, while we believe them to be true, we cannot assure you that they are complete or reliable. Such data may also be produced on different bases from those used in the industry publications we have referenced. Therefore, discussions of matters relating to India, its economy and the industries in which we currently operate are subject to the caveat that the third-party and statistical data upon which such discussions are based may be incomplete or unreliable. Please see the section entitled “Industry Overview” on page 111. 

# **_51. We may not be able to maintain payment of dividends as done historically._** 

Our Company does not have a dividend policy and there can be no assurance that we will pay any dividends in the future and, if we do, as to the level of such future dividends. Dividends distributed by us will attract dividend distribution tax at rates applicable from time to time. The declaration, payment and amount of any future dividends is subject to the discretion of the Board and Shareholders, and will depend upon various factors, _inter alia_ , our earnings, financial position, capital expenditures and availability of profits, restrictive covenants in our financing arrangements and other prevailing regulatory conditions from time to time. Any of these factors may thus restrict our ability to pay dividends in the future. 

# **_52. Our inability to procure and/or maintain adequate insurance cover in connection with our business may adversely affect our operations and profitability._** 

Our operations may be subject to risks such as fire, accidents and natural disasters. We maintain customary insurance policies for our Company, including office package policy (including fire and allied perils), directors’ and officers’ liability policy, group medi-claim policy for our employees and vehicle insurance. For further details, please see “Our Business – Insurance” on page 168. 

As on September 30, 2020, 7.04% of the Company’s assets are insured and 92.96% of the Company’s assets are uninsured. Whilst we believe that we maintain adequate insurance coverage amounts for our business and operations, our insurance policies are subject to exclusions and deductibles, and may not provide adequate coverage or cover all risks. If any or all of our equipment is damaged in whole or in part, or if there is a loss of life of our employees, our operations may get interrupted, totally or partially, for a temporary period. Further, certain of our agreements require us to maintain insurance policies, which have not been procured by us. 

There can be no assurance that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that our insurance policies will be adequate to cover the losses incurred. Notwithstanding the insurance coverage that we carry, we may not be fully insured against certain business risks such as the occurrence of an event that causes losses in excess of limits specified under the relevant policy or losses arising from events not covered by the insurance policies and insurance policies that we procure may not be adequate to cover all the risks associated with our business. Additionally, there may be various other risks and losses for which we are not insured because such risks are either uninsurable or not insurable on commercially acceptable terms. 

Our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at an acceptable cost or at all. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, and which is not covered by insurance or exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

# **_53. Our Promoters, Directors, Key Management Personnel and Senior Management Personnel hold Equity Shares and have interests in our performance in addition to their normal remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses incurred._** 

Our Promoters, certain of our Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management Personnel may be regarded as having an interest in our Company other than reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits. Our Promoters, certain Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management Personnel may be deemed to be interested to the extent of Equity Shares held by them as well as to the extent of any dividends, bonuses, or other distributions on such Equity Shares. In addition, our Promoters are entitled to receive certain perquisites, including free furnished accommodation or housing rent allowance in lieu of our Company provided accommodation for an amount not exceeding `6.50 million per year, personal 

47 

accident and medi-claim insurance, club fees and re-imbursement of charges for upkeep and maintenance of accommodation and cars owned by the Promoters, and used for official purposes. For further details, see “Capital Structure _- Details of Equity Shares held by our Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and members of our Promoter Group_ ”, “Our Management – Interest of Directors” and “Our Promoter and Promoter Group – Interest of our Promoters” and on pages 86, 198 and 211 of this Red Herring Prospectus, respectively. We cannot assure you that our Promoters, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management Personnel will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. 

# **_54. Our Company has entered into, and will continue to enter into, related party transactions which may not always enable us to achieve the most favourable terms._** 

In the ordinary course of our business, we enter into and will continue to enter into transactions with related parties. While we believe that all such related party transactions that we have entered into are legitimate business transactions conducted on an arms’ length basis, there can be no assurance that we could not have achieved more favorable terms had such arrangements been entered into with unrelated parties. Further, although all related party transactions that we may enter into post-listing, will be subject to Board or Shareholder approval, as necessary under the Companies Act and the Listing Regulations, in the interest of the Company and its minority shareholders and in compliance with the Listing Regulations, we cannot assure you that these arrangements in the future, or any future related party transactions that we may enter into, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. Further, any future transactions with our related parties could potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to our Company. There can be no assurance that our Directors and executive officers will be able to address these conflicts of interests or others in an impartial manner. For further details regarding our related party transactions, see “Other Financial Information - Related Party Transactions” on page 326. 

# **_55. We have availed certain non-fund based bank guarantees which contain restrictive covenants which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

As at February 28, 2021, our Company had outstanding, secured non-fund based bank guarantees of ₹15.58 million and our Subsidiary, NZWKL had an unsecured non-fund based bank guarantees of ₹7.90 million. We have entered into agreements for our non-fund-based bank guarantees, which include certain undertakings and covenants, including notification requirement on the occurrence of certain events, periodic submission of documents and information and maintenance of insurance cover over the security provided. A breach of such conditions may result in imposition of penalty on us. For further details, see section “Financial Indebtedness” on page 365. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with these financial or other covenants, or that we will be able to obtain such borrowings in future. We may be required to dedicate a portion of our operating cash flow to making periodic commission and interest payments on these bank guarantees, which may limit our ability to undertake business operations in a timely manner. 

# **_56. We may be required to raise additional funds through equity or debt in the future to continue to grow our business, which may not be available on favourable terms or at all._** 

Our strategy to grow our business and maintain our market share may require us to raise additional funds for our working capital or long-term business plans. We cannot assure you that such funds will be available on favourable terms or at all. Additional debt financing may increase our financing costs. Our financing agreements may contain terms and conditions that may restrict our ability to operate and manage our business, such as terms and conditions that require us to maintain certain pre-set debt service coverage ratios and leverage ratios and require us to use our assets, including our cash balances, as collateral for our indebtedness. If we are unable to raise additional funds on favourable terms or at all as and when required, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects could be adversely affected. We may also be required to finance our growth, whether organic or inorganic, through future equity offerings, which may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in us. See, “Risk Factor 74- Any future issuance of Equity Shares or convertible securities or other equity linked securities by our Company may dilute your shareholding and sales of the Equity Shares by our major shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares.” on page 55. We may also be restrained from raising funds from foreign investors as a result of regulatory policies and frameworks. See, “Risk Factor 75- Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian laws that may limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may have a material adverse impact on the market price of the Equity Shares” on page 55. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **_Risks in relation to India_** 

# **_57. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets_** . 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market countries in Asia. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur again and could harm our business, our future financial performance and the prices of the Equity Shares. 

48 

The recent outbreak of COVID-19 has significantly affected financial markets around the world. Any other global economic developments or the perception that any of them could occur may continue to have an adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity and restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

# **_58. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties in India may adversely affect our business and financial performance._** 

Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by unfavourable changes in, or interpretations of existing laws, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations applicable to us and our business. Please see “Key Regulations and Policies” on page 170. 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. There can be no assurance that the Government of India may not implement new regulations and policies which will require us to obtain approvals and licenses from the Government and other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements, conditions, costs and expenditures on our operations. Any such changes and the related uncertainties with respect to the implementation of the new regulations may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we may have to incur capital expenditures to comply with the requirements of any new regulations, which may also materially harm our results of operations and cash flows. Any changes to such laws may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

We have not determined the impact of these recent and proposed laws and regulations on our business. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. Further, if we are affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of such laws and regulations or any related proceedings, or are required to bear any costs in order to comply with such provisions or to defend such proceedings, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected. 

# **_59. Financial difficulty and other problems in certain financial institutions in India could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

We are exposed to the risks of the Indian financial system which may be affected by the financial difficulties faced by certain Indian financial institutions whose commercial soundness may be closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships. This risk, which is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk”, may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, banks, securities firms and exchanges with which we interact on a daily basis. Any such difficulties or instability of the Indian financial system in general could create an adverse market perception about Indian financial institutions and banks and adversely affect our business. 

# **_60. We may be affected by competition laws, the adverse application or interpretation of which could adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, of India, as amended (“ **Competition Act** ”), regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India (“ **AAEC** ”). Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an AAEC is considered void and may result in the imposition of substantial penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or the provision of services or shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner, including by way of allocation of geographical area or number of customers in the relevant market or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an AAEC and is considered void. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. 

On March 4, 2011, the Government notified and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to and pre-approved by the Competition Commission of India (the “ **CCI** ”). Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued Competition Commission of India (Procedure for Transaction of Business Relating to Combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. 

The Competition Act aims to, among others, prohibit all agreements and transactions which may have an AAEC in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extraterritorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such 

49 

agreement, conduct or combination has an AAEC in India. However, the impact of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. However, since we pursue an acquisition driven growth strategy, we may be affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it would adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

# **_61. Our business is affected by economic, political and other prevailing conditions beyond our control._** 

We are incorporated in India, and our operations are in India, other emerging markets and certain developed markets across the world. As a result, our results of operations and cash flows are significantly affected by factors influencing the economy in these countries. Factors that may adversely affect the economy, and hence our results of operations and cash flows, may include: 

- any increase in interest rates or inflation; 

- any exchange rate fluctuations; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions and scarcity of financing for our expansions; 

- prevailing income conditions among consumers and corporates; 

- volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, the relevant market’s principal stock exchanges; 

- changes in tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies; 

- political instability, terrorism or military conflict in the region or globally, including in various neighbouring countries; 

- occurrence of natural or man-made disasters; 

- prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in the relevant country’s principal export markets; 

- epidemic, pandemic or any other public health in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; 

- any downgrading of debt rating by a domestic or international rating agency; 

- instability in financial markets; 

- other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India or the emerging markets. 

- international business practices that may conflict with other customs or legal requirements to which we are subject, including anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws; 

- protectionist and other adverse public policies, including local content requirements, import/export tariffs, increased regulations or capital investment requirements; 

- logistical and communications challenges; and 

- being subject to the jurisdiction of foreign courts, including uncertainty of judicial processes and difficulty enforcing contractual agreements or judgments in foreign legal systems or incurring additional costs to do so 

For instance, owing to a currency devaluation in Nigeria in Financial Year 2018, there was a negative impact on the margin between revenues generated and the costs incurred. Accordingly, we decided to reduce the marketing spends in Nigeria to optimise our margins. We cannot assure you that we will be able to offset any such changes in economic conditions in future, which may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 

Further, any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy or the economy of any emerging market, or in specific sectors of such economies, could adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_62. If there is any change in tax laws or regulations, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements for the current and future years, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

50 

Any change in tax laws including upward revision to the currently applicable normal corporate tax rate of 25% along with applicable surcharge and cess, our tax burden will increase. Other benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, may no longer be available to us. 

Similarly, in relation to the applicable law on indirect taxation, the Government of India has notified a comprehensive national GST regime that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate of interest with effect from July 1, 2017. 

The Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2022 and the Finance Bill, 2021 (“Finance Bill”) has been introduced in the Lok Sabha on February 1, 2021. The Finance Bill is scheduled to be passed in the ongoing budget session of the  Parliament. There is no certainty on the impact that  the Finance Act  may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act would have an adverse  effect  on  our  business,  financial  condition  and  results  of  operations.  Unfavourable  changes  in  or  interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our businessand operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. For instance, the Supreme Court of India has in a decision clarified the components of basic wages which need  to  be  considered  by  companies  while  making  provident  fund  payments,  which  resulted  in  an  increase  in  the provident fund payments to be made by companies. Any such decisions in future or any further changes in interpretation of laws may have an impact on our results of operations. 

We cannot predict whether any tax laws or regulations impacting our products will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors in relation to the consequences of investing in the Equity Shares. 

# **_63. Investors outside India may not be able to enforce any judgment of a foreign court against us, except by way of a suit in India._** 

Our Company is incorporated as a public limited company under the laws of India and all our Directors and Key Management Personnel reside in India. Further, certain of our assets, and the assets of our Directors and Key Management Personnel, may be located in India. As a result, it may not be possible for investor to effect service of process outside India upon our Company and such persons in jurisdiction outside India or to enforce against them judgments obtained in courts outside India against them. Moreover, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with Indian public policy. 

India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions, which includes the United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong. In order to be enforceable, a judgment from a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Indian Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (the “ **Civil Code** ”). A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit on the judgment under Section 13 of the Civil Code, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the Civil Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated on except (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case, (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognise the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable, (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice, (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the Civil Code, a court in India shall, on the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. 

The Civil Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or Directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. However, the party in whose favour such final judgment is rendered may bring a fresh suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in a non-reciprocating territory within three years of obtaining such final judgment. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis or to the same extent as was awarded in a final judgment rendered by a court in another jurisdiction if the Indian court believed that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy in India. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of the judgment. 

51 

# **_64. Any adverse change or downgrade in ratings of India may adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating is Baa3 with a “negative” outlook (Moody’s), BBB-with a “stable” outlook (S&P) and BBB-with a “negative” outlook (Fitch). Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favourable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

# **_65. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market countries in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia, U.S., Russia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has affected the Indian economy. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur again and could harm our business, our future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

The global credit and equity markets have experienced substantial dislocations, liquidity disruptions and market corrections in recent years. In particular, sub-prime mortgage loans in the United States have experienced increased rates of delinquency, foreclosure and loss. Since September 2008, liquidity and credit concerns and volatility in the global credit and financial markets increased significantly with the bankruptcy or acquisition of, and government assistance extended to, several major U.S. financial institutions. 

Developments in the Eurozone have exacerbated the ongoing global economic crisis. Large budget deficits and rising public debts in Europe have triggered sovereign debt finance crises that resulted in the bailouts of European economies and elevated the risk of government debt defaults, forcing governments to undertake aggressive budget cuts and austerity measures, in turn underscoring the risk of global economic and financial market volatility. Financial markets and the supply of credit could continue to be negatively impacted by ongoing concerns surrounding the sovereign debts and/or fiscal deficits of several countries in Europe, the possibility of further downgrades of, or defaults on, sovereign debt, concerns about a slowdown in growth in certain economies and uncertainties regarding the stability and overall standing of the European Monetary Union. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (“ **Brexit** ”), there remains significant uncertainty around the terms of their future relationship with the European Union and, more generally, as to the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets. For example, Brexit could give rise to increased volatility in foreign exchange rate movements and the value of equity and debt investments. 

Trade tensions between the U.S. and major trading partners, most notably China, continue to escalate following the introduction of a series of tariff measures in both countries. Although China is the primary target of U.S. trade measures, value chain linkages mean that other emerging markets, primarily in Asia, may also be impacted. China’s policy response to these trade measures also presents a degree of uncertainty. There is some evidence of China’s monetary policy easing and the potential for greater fiscal spending, which could worsen existing imbalances in its economy. This could undermine efforts to address already high debt levels and increase medium-term risks. In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operation. 

These and other related factors such as concerns over recession, inflation or deflation, energy costs, geopolitical issues, slowdown in economic growth in China and Renminbi devaluation, commodity prices and the availability and cost of credit have had a significant impact on the global credit and financial markets as a whole, including reduced liquidity, greater volatility, widening of credit spreads and a lack of price transparency in the United States, Europe and the global credit and financial markets. A lack of clarity over the process for managing the exit and uncertainties surrounding the economic impact could lead to a further slowdown and instability in financial markets. This and any prolonged financial crisis may have an adverse impact on the Indian economy, and in turn on our business. 

A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and indirectly in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could influence the Indian economy. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States, Europe and other jurisdictions, including India, have implemented several policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. In 

52 

addition, any increase in interest rates by the United States Federal Reserve will lead to an increase in the borrowing costs in the United States which may in turn impact global borrowing as well. Furthermore, in several parts of the world, there are signs of increasing retreat from globalization of goods, services and people, as pressure for the introduction of a protectionist regime is building and such developments could adversely affect Indian exports. However, the overall impact of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. In the event that the current adverse conditions in the global credit markets continue or if there is any significant financial disruption, this could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_66. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, pandemic or epidemic disease and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years, and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_Risks in relation to the Offer_** 

# **_67. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the Offer Price may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. Consequently, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all. 

There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and our Equity Share price could fluctuate significantly because of market volatility. A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause investors to lose some or all of their investment. 

# **_68. The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and the Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer. Further, the current market price of some securities listed pursuant to certain previous issues managed by the BRLMs is below their respective issue prices._** 

The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions, and will be determined by our Company and Selling Shareholders in consultation with the BRLMs. Furthermore, the Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and Selling Shareholders in consultation with the BRLMs through the Book Building Process. These will be based on numerous factors, including factors as described under “Basis for Offer Price” beginning on page 96 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. 

In addition to the above, the current market price of securities listed pursuant to certain previous initial public offerings managed by the BRLMs is below their respective issue price. For further details, see “Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Price information of past issues handled by the BRLMs” on page 376. The factors that could affect the market price of the Equity Shares include, among others, broad market trends, financial performance and results of our Company post-listing, and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that an active market will develop or sustained trading will take place in the Equity Shares or provide any assurance regarding the price at which the Equity Shares will be traded after listing. 

**_69. Our Promoter Selling Shareholders, the Investor Selling Shareholders and the Other Selling Shareholders are selling Equity Shares in the Offer and will receive proceeds as part of the Offer for Sale._** 

53 

The Offer includes an offer for sale of up to 691,900 Equity Shares by the Promoter Selling Shareholder, 4,387,863 Equity Shares by the Investor Selling Shareholders and  214,629  Equity Shares by the Other Selling Shareholders. The proceeds from the Offer will be paid to the Promoter Selling Shareholder, Investor Selling Shareholders and the Other Selling Shareholders in proportion to the respective portion of Equity Shares transferred by the Promoter Selling Shareholder, Investor Selling Shareholders and the Other Selling Shareholders pursuant to the Offer, and we will not receive any such proceeds. For further details, see “Objects of the Offer” and “Capital Structure” beginning on pages 94 and 72, respectively. 

# **_70. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after Bid/Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors and Eligible Employees Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed including Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

# **_71. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will be listed on the BSE and NSE in a timely manner or at all._** 

In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing and trading of our Equity Shares will not be granted until after certain actions have been completed in relation to this Offer and until Allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to this Offer. 

In accordance with current regulations and circulars issued of SEBI, our Equity Shares are required to be listed on the BSE and NSE within such time as mandated under UPI Circulars, subject to any change in the prescribed timeline in this regard. However, we cannot assure you that the trading in our Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining final listing and trading approvals may restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. 

# **_72. The requirements of being a listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a listed company and have historically not been subjected to the compliance requirements and increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations or cash flows as promptly as other listed companies. 

Further, as a listed company, we will be required to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

# **_73. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares preemptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction the investors are located in do not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in us would be reduced. 

54 

**_74. Any future issuance of Equity Shares or convertible securities or other equity linked securities by our Company may dilute your shareholding and sales of the Equity Shares by our major shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in us. Any disposal of Equity Shares by our major shareholders or the perception that such issuance or sales may occur, including to comply with the minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of the Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that the shareholders will not dispose of the Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of your investment in the Equity Shares. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_75. Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian laws that may limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may have a material adverse impact on the market price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions) if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. For further details, see “Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities” page 403. If the transfer of shares is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then the prior approval of the RBI will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert the Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no objection or a tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority. Further, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, Government of India, investments where the beneficial owner of the Equity Shares is situated in or is a citizen of a country which shares land border with India, can only be made through the Government approval route, as prescribed in FDI Policy. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. 

# **_76. Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and widespread as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

# **_77. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares on a stock exchange held for more than 12 months will be subject to long term capital gains in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as whether the sale is undertaken on or off the stock exchanges, the quantum of gains and any available treaty exemption. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Further, any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. 

Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. Additionally, the Finance Act, 2020 (" **Finance Act** ") does not require dividend distribution tax (" **DDT** ") to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. 

Similarly, any business income realised from the transfer of Equity Shares held as trading assets is taxable at the applicable tax rates subject to any treaty relief, if applicable, to a non-resident seller. Additionally, in terms of the Finance Act, 2018, which has been notified on March 29, 2018 with effect from April 1, 2018, the tax payable by an assessee on the capital gains arising from transfer of long term capital asset (introduced as section 112A of the Income-Tax Act, 1961) shall be calculated on such long-term capital gains at the rate of 10%, where the long-term capital gains exceed ₹100,000, subject to certain exceptions in case of a resident individuals and HUF. 

Further, the Finance Act, 2019 has made various amendments in the taxation laws and has also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery 

55 

basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. These amendments were notified on December 10, 2019 and have come into effect from July 1, 2020. 

Additionally, the Finance Act does not require DDT to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source pursuant to any corporate action including dividends. 

# **_78. A third party could be prevented from acquiring control of our Company because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

There are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company, even if a change in control would result in the purchase of your Equity Shares at a premium to the market price or would otherwise be beneficial to you. Such provisions may discourage or prevent certain types of transactions involving actual or threatened change in control of our Company. Under the Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to its stakeholders, it is possible that such a takeover would not be attempted or consummated because of the SEBI Takeover Regulations. 

56 

