# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in the Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider risks described below as well as other information disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus before making an investment in the Equity Shares. Risks described in this section are those that we consider to be the most significant to our business, results of operations and fi nancial condition as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. Risks set out in this section may not be exhaustive and additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or which we currently deem to be immaterial, may arise or may become material in the future. If any or a combination of the following risks or other risks that are not currently known or are now deemed immaterial actually occur, our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition could suffer, the trading p rice of the Equity Shares could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. Unless specified in the relevant risk factor below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial implication of any of the risks mentioned below. Any potential inve stor in the Equity Shares should pay particular attention to the fact that we are subject to a regulatory environment in India which may differ significantly from that in other jurisdictions. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Offer, including merits and risks involved. Prospective investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. For further details, see “Our Business” on page 116, “Industry Overview” on page 93, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on page 231, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For details, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 15._ 

_Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information used in this section is derived from our Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

# **INTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

**1.** **_The loss, shutdown or slowdown of our business operations may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We have two manufacturing facilities in Maharashtra, located at Ambernath in Thane, Maharashtra and Nerul in Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra and our R&D activities are mainly undertaken at our centres at Nerul in Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra and Bengaluru, Karnataka. While our Ambernath facility is engaged in manufacturing of heavy engineering products, our Nerul facility is engaged in manufacturing of optics, manufacturing and integration of electronics and EMP protection products and solutions. We rely exclusively on each of our two manufacturing facilities to earn revenues, pay our operating expenses and service our debt. Any significant interruption to, or loss or shutdown of, operations at any of our manufacturing facilities or R&D centres would adversely affect our business. 

If any of our facilities or centres are harmed or rendered inoperable by factors such as, including the breakdown or failure of equipment, difficulties or delays in obtaining raw materials, spare parts and equipment / machines, raw material shortages, performance below expected levels of output or efficiency, facility obsolescence or disrepair, natural or man-made disasters (including earthquakes, fire, floods, acts of terrorism and power outages) and industrial accidents, it may render it difficult or impossible for us to efficiently operate our business for some time, or require us to shut major part of our operations, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, result of operations and cash flows. For instance, our business operations were temporarily disrupted from end of March 2020 to July 2020 on account of the temporary shutdown of the manufacturing facilities or R&D centres on account of the lockdown imposed by the central/state authorities to combat the spread of COVID-19. For further details, see “– _16. The continuing effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted._ ” on page 26. Additionally, any failure or disruption in power or water supply could affect our daily operations and substantially increase our manufacturing costs. 

**2.** **_Our business is largely dependent on contracts from the Government of India (“GoI”) and associated entities including defence public sector undertakings and government organizations involved in space research. A decline or reprioritisation of the Indian defence or space budget, reduction in orders, termination of existing contracts, delay of existing or anticipated contracts or programmes or any adverse change in the GoI’s defence or space related policies will have a material adverse impact on our business._** 

We are involved in designing, developing, manufacturing and testing of a wide range of engineering products and solutions for defence and space applications. Consequently, our business is highly dependent on projects and programmes undertaken by GoI and associated entities, such as defence public sector undertakings and government organizations involved in space research (collectively, the “ **GoI Entities** ”). For the Fiscals ended 2021, 2020 and 2019, we derived revenue of ₹728.64 million, ₹422.73 million, and ₹ 549.91 million, respectively, from sales made to the GoI Entities, which is equivalent to 50.84%, 28.75% and 35.62% of our total consolidated sales for the respective 

19 

Fiscals. Further, as at June 30, 2021, our order book from the GoI Entities, was ₹1,305.96 million. We expect to derive most of our revenues under our contracts with the GoI Entities. 

Further, our contracts depend upon the continuing availability of budgets extended to the MoD and the DoS. The cumulative Indian defence market in the time frame for Financial Year 2022-2031 is expected to be ~ $ 99.4 billion. ( _Source: F&S report_ ) ISRO revenue expenditure has also been increasing since 2015-2016 from $ 1,086.11 million to $ 1,865.82 million in 2020-2021 and is forecasted to grow to $ 2,160.61 million by 2026-2027. ( _Source: F&S report_ ) While there is an increase in the total defence and space allocations over a period of time, the level of defence and space spending and changes in the tax policies by the GoI in the future is difficult to predict and may be impacted by numerous factors such as the evolving nature of the national security concerns, foreign policy, domestic political environment and macroeconomic conditions. A decline or reprioritisation of the Indian defence or space budget, changes in GoI Entities defence or space requirements and geo-political circumstances, reduction in orders, termination of existing contracts, delay of existing contracts or programmes will have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Moreover, the MoD has promulgated the Defence Acquisition Procedure which has been aligned with the vision of the Government’s Aatmanirbhar Bharat (self-reliant India) initiative to empower the Indian domestic defence industry through ‘Make in India’ projects. These policies of the GoI may have increased competition and we cannot assure you that we will be as competitive as we have been in the past and we will continue to be successfully awarded contracts by the GoI. Further, our products are well suited to be classified as IDDM, the highest category in the priority of categorization under DAP since most of our products and solutions are designed, developed and manufactured by us in India, however, there can be no assurance that we will continue to be selected for such contracts. There is no assurance that GoI Entities will continue to engage us and that we will continue to sustain the general level of revenue that we have secured in the past. Further, any adverse change in the GoI policy may lead to cancellation or slowdown of our orders and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial conditions. 

# **3.** **_Our Company has executed various agreements with third parties, including in relation to securing contracts and manufacturing of products, which may impose certain obligations on us and the termination of which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects._** 

From time to time, our Company enters into contracts with third parties in India and outside India for partnering in relation to development of certain products or sourcing components. For instance, our Company has entered into teaming agreements with companies such as HPS Gmbh, Invent Gmbh, and Kley France for securing contracts and manufacturing of products in accordance with the terms of such agreements. These agreements are typically short term and are entered for a period of one or two years. Further, our Company has also entered into a partnership agreement with S-TEC Corporation on May 5, 2020 (“ **S-TEC Agreement** ”) for collaboration in relation to offering products and solutions for aircraft component manufacturing. As part of such partnerships or collaborations, our Company may take certain steps such as making investment in R&D for the products which are the subject matter of such partnerships or may commit to orders based on arrangements agreed to in such contracts. We cannot assure you that these agreements will be renewed or extended at the end of their respective terms. A delay in or failure to do so may have an impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, the success of our business collaborations depends significantly on the satisfactory performance by our partners of their contractual and other obligations. In addition, the agreements and memorandum of undertakings entered by Company for collaboration or partnership were executed outside India or on emails and are not stamped. In the event such agreements are to be enforced in India, we will be required to pay requisite stamp duty along with any applicable penalty, if any, at time of enforcement. 

Further, in certain cases, the terms of such agreements may be onerous for the Company. For instance, under the S- TEC Agreement, in the event of breach and/or wilful misconduct or negligence on our part, our Company will be required to indemnify S-TEC Corporation from any direct costs or damages to the extent that they arise from the breach of the agreement. This may result in an adverse impact on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure you that we have or will be able to comply with all such restrictive conditions in a timely manner or at all or that we will be able to comply with all such restrictive covenants in the future. 

**4.** **_We design, develop and manufacture products and solutions that incorporate advanced technologies. Many of our contracts contain performance obligations that require innovative design capabilities, are technologically complex or involve developmental costs. Further, developing customised products and solutions and other research and development (“R&D”) activities involve risks and we may not realize the degree of benefits initially anticipated or in a timely manner or at all. Further, such activities  may not lead to satisfactory returns, including in relation to our unmanned aerial vehicle (“UAV”) integration solutions._** 

We design, develop and manufacture technologically advanced and innovative products and solutions applied by our customers in a variety of environments. Problems and delays in development or delivery as a result of issues with respect to design, technology, concurrent engineering, licensing, labour, learning curve assumptions or raw materials could prevent us from achieving contractual requirements. 

20 

The business environment in many of our principal operating activities requires extensive design and development expenses. We devote substantial resources to our design and engineering functions and also make investments in R&D, in particular, to create new products and solutions which are customised to meet customer expectations and end-user preferences and to also improve our production processes and quality of our existing products and solutions, which we believe are factors crucial for our future growth and prospects. As on June 30, 2021, our R&D team comprise of 31 engineers and officers. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our R&D capabilities depends on a variety of factors, including meeting development, production, certification and regulatory approval schedules, execution of internal and external performances plans, availability of supplier and internally-produced parts and materials, performance of suppliers and sub-contractors, hiring and training of qualified personnel, achieving cost and production efficiencies, identification of emerging technological trends in our target end markets, validation of technologies, level of customer interest in new technologies and products, and customer acceptance of our products and p roducts that incorporate technologies we develop. In addition, due to the design complexity of our products, we may in the future experience delays in completing the development and introduction of new products. 

We may incur substantial R&D costs as part of our efforts to design, develop and commercialise new products and solutions and enhance existing products and solutions portfolio. However, there is no guarantee that our R&D initiatives will be successful or be completed within the anticipated time fram e or budget. Furthermore, there is no assurance that our newly developed or improvised products and solutions will yield desired results, can be used for our commercial operations or will generate any revenue. For instance, we have developed products and solutions in the past such as control and display unit for a radar program, control system for a tank program and high -power embedded computer for naval applications. Even if such products can be successfully developed and manufactured, there is no guarantee that they will be cost effective, accepted by our customers and achieve anticipated returns. Our ongoing investments in various R&D initiatives could result in higher costs without a proportionate increase in revenues. If we fail to design, develop and manufacture customised products and solutions for our customers at competitive price, this may affect our ability to win bids and/or contracts and our business profitability and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. 

Further, as part of our growth strategy, we seek to expand into the UAV integration solutions and services segment. Factors such as our lack of experience in this segment compared to our competitors in India and outside India, demand for such products and additional R&D costs may impact our ability to grow our market share in this segment. As a part of our current strategy for growth by expanding into opportunistic areas and partnerships, our Subsidiary, Paras Aerospace Private Limited aims to offer UAV integration solutions and UAV services for a wide range of applications such as agriculture, power transmission, oil and gas, mining and construction. The flagship product of Paras Aerospace Private Limited will be a Cloud based NPNT Solution (offered as software-as-a-service) and Indigenous Multispectral Camera for various applications including agriculture. Further, our Subsidiary, Paras Anti-drone Technologies will design sub modules and we will be involved in integrating the solution. Paras Anti drone Technologies will create its own intellectual property and technical know-how in collaboration with our Company. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully implement our strategy. Further, the process of foraying into such new segments requires that we make long-term investments and commit significant resources before knowing whether these investments will eventually result in businesses that achieve customer acceptance and generate the revenues required to provide desired returns. We may experience difficulties that could delay or hinder the successful development, introduction and marketing of products in such segments. There can be no assurance that such products will be readily accepted in the market, become commercially successful or that our competitors will not be able to produce similar products at a lower price than we can, which would have an adverse effect on our products’ competitive position. If we are unable to achieve the anticipated returns in such new growth areas, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **5.** **_Any failure to protect or enforce our rights to own or use trademarks and brand name and identity could have an adverse effect on our business and competitive position. Further, the application for registering our corporate logo as trademark has been made and is currently pending._** 

We have been issued 4 trademarks in India as at June 30, 2021 which have been registered with the Registrar of Trademarks under various classes of the Trademarks Act. Our Company has also made an application for the trademark 



registration of our corporate logo i.e. under classes 6, 7 and 9 and these are yet to be registered. The application under class 6 has been “Objected”, whereas the applications under classes 7 and 9 have been assigned the status 



“Opposed”. Further, our applications for the registration of the trademarks (a) in relation to our logo under classes 



8 and 37 have been assigned the status “Objected” and “Opposed” respectively, and (b) under class 10 has been assigned the status “Opposed”. We have also applied for designs under the Designs Act, 2000. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Intellectual Property_ ” on page 135. If we are unable to register our trademark for various reasons including our inability to remove objections to any trademark application, or if any of our unregistered trademark are registered in favour of or used by a third party in India or abroad, we m ay not be able to claim registered ownership of such trademark and consequently, we may not be able to seek remedies for infringement of those trademarks by 

21 

third parties other than relief against passing off by other entities, causing damage to our business prospects, reputation and goodwill in India and abroad. Apart from this, any failure to register or renew registration of our registered trademark may affect our right to use such trademark in future. Further, our efforts to protect our intellectual pro perty in India and abroad may not be adequate and any third party claim on any of our unprotected intellectual property may lead to erosion of our business value and our reputation, which could adversely affect our operations. Third parties may also infringe or copy our registered brand name in India and abroad which has been registered by us in India. We may not be able to detect any unauthorized use or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce or protect our trademarks in India and abroad. 

Further, if we do not maintain our brand name and identity, which we believe is a principal factor that differentiates us from our competitors, or if we fail to provide high quality products on a timely basis, we may not be able to maintain our competitive edge in India and abroad. If we are unable to compete successfully, we could lose our customers, which would negatively affect our financial performance and profitability. Moreover, our ability to protect, enforce or utilize our brand name is subject to risks, including general litigation risks. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that such brand name will not be adversely affected in the future by actions that are beyond our control, including customer complaints or adverse publicity from any other source in India and abroad. Any damage to our brand name, if not immediately and sufficiently remedied, could have an adverse effect on our business and competitive position in India and abroad. 

Finally, while we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty whether we are infringing any existing third-party intellectual property rights, which may force us to alter our product offerings or modify our manufacturing processes established in our production facilities. Further, our Company has entered into license agreements with Council of Scientific and Industrial Research -National Aerospace Laboratories, Bangalore for technology transfer _inter alia_ of Bi Level Positive Airway System and UV disinfectant retro-fit systems. For further details, see “ _Our Business – Intellectual Property_ ” on page 135. We may also be susceptible to claims from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims in India and abroad. 

# **6.** 

# **_We have sustained negative cash flows from operating and investing activities in the past and may experience earnings declines or operating losses or negative cash flows from investing activities in the future._** 

We have sustained negative cash flows from operating activities for the Fiscals 2020 and 2019 and investing activities for the Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, largely due to working capital changes and the negative cash flows from investing activities are majorly due to investment in PPE and CWIP. The cash flows, both positive and negative, experienced for operating and investing activities are set below: 

||||_(in ₹ million)_|
|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Fiscal 2021**|**Fiscal 2020**|**Fiscal 2019**|
|Net cash flow from/(used in)operatingactivities|42.85|(26.00)|(120.52)|
|Net cash flow from/(used in)investingactivities|(62.64)|(48.75)|(95.52)|



For details, see _“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”_ beginning on page 231. There can be no assurances that cash flows will be positive in the future. 

# **7.** **_We could incur losses under our fixed price contracts as a result of cost overruns, delays in delivery or failures to meet contract specifications which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Most of our contracts are fixed-price contracts. All costs including labour and raw materials costs are forecasted by us when we enter such fixed-price contracts. In case of cost variances from such estimates, we are permitted to retain all cost savings on completed contracts but are liable for the full amount of all cost overruns. In the past, we have witnessed cost overruns in the case of some of our contracts and we may also continue to witness the same in the future. The actual costs incurred on a fixed-price contract may vary from our estimates due to factors such as: 

- unanticipated variations in labour and equipment productivity over the term of a contract; 

- unanticipated increases in labour, raw material, sub-contracting and overhead costs; 

- delivery delays and corrective measures for poor workmanship; 

- equipment failures; 

- 

   - changes in the specifications provided by our customers; 

- obsolescence of any components; and 

22 

# • changes in testing requirements. 

We cannot assure you that these contracts, if secured, can be completed profitably. Significant cost overruns on our fixed price contracts could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. For instance, while we did not incur any losses in this regard during Fiscal 2019, we incurred loss during Fiscal 2020 in relation to a project for development of high end computing system for naval applications, amounting to ₹ 2.20 million which is equivalent to 0.15% of our revenue from operations for Fiscal 2020. 

Depending on the size of the project, variations from estimated contract performance could significantly reduce our earnings, and could result in losses, during any quarter of a fiscal or entire fiscal. All of our fixed price contracts provide for liquidated damages for late delivery. In the past, we have been required to re-negotiate some of the terms, such as price, date of delivery, scope of work, due to a delay in delivery of the products owing to a combination of internal as well as external factors beyond our control. We have also had to pay liquidated damages for delay in delivery and for quality issues. For details see “- _12. Any failure to comply with the provisions of the contracts entered with our customers, especially the Government of India (“_ **_GoI_** _”) Entities, could have an adverse effect on our business operations, financial conditions and results of our operations. Additionally, imposition of liquidated damages and invocation of performance bank guarantees / indemnity bonds by our customers could impact our results of operations and we may face potential liabilities from lawsuits and claims by customers in the future._ ” on page 24. There can be no assurance that our customers in future will not rescind their contracts with us if there is a delay in delivery beyond the time stipulated in the contract or we may need to renegotiate some of our contracts. This may have an impact on our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

# **8.** 

# **_Our statutory auditor’s reports on financial statements for Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021 include certain matters required under the Companies (Auditors Report) Order, 2016 (“CARO”) and the Statutory Auditor’s reports on the financial statements for the Fiscals 2020 and 2021 include certain emphasis of matters._** 

Our statutory auditor’s reports on the financial statements for Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021 include certain matters as required under the CARO, in terms of Section 143(11) of the Companies Act, 2013. For instance, the Auditor’s reports for Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019 identifies matters such as undisputed amounts of ₹ 22.11 million due outstanding towards income tax for more than six months as of March 31, 2021, ₹ 20.25 million due outstanding towards income tax for more than six months as of March 31, 2020, ₹ 23.98 million due outstanding towards advance income tax for more than six months as of March 31, 2019 and delays in deposit of statutory dues such as provident fund, employees state insurance and income tax. Further, our Statutory Auditors have included emphasis of matters in their reports on the audited financial statements for Fiscals 2020 and 2021, which describes the uncertainty relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and its consequential effects on the affairs of the Company. For further details in this regard, see “ _Restated Financial Statements - Annexure VI – Notes to the Restated Consolidated Financial Information - Note 44: Nonadjusting items_ ”. There can be no assurance that our auditor’s observations for any future fiscal periods will not contain similar remarks, emphasis of matters or that matters, prescribed under CARO will not form part of our financial statements for the future fiscal periods and that such matters will not otherwise affect our results of operations in such future periods. For further details, see “ _Restated Financial Statements_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditional and Results of Operations_ ” beginning on pages 172 and 231, respectively. 

# **9.** **_Our Registered Office and manufacturing facilities are located on leased premises. If we are unable to renew these leases or relocate on commercially suitable terms, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition._** 

Our Registered Office and our manufacturing facilities situated at Nerul in Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra and Ambernath in Thane, Maharashtra are located on premises leased from the MIDC. The lease for the manufacturing facility at Nerul has been transferred to us pursuant to amalgamation of our Company with Mechvac India Limited. Though we have entered into long-term lease agreements with respect to these lands, such lease agreements may be terminated early in the event of a default or upon the expiry of their tenure and may not be renewed. For details, see “ _Our Business – Property_ ” on page 135. Additionally, the lease agreements require our Company to comply with certain conditions including prior consent of the lessor for certain actions such as making significant structural alterations, subletting, transferring or assigning the leased premises. If we fail to meet any such conditions, we may be required to incur additional liability. For instance, our Company has not sought the consent from MIDC in relation to subletting a portion of the premises leased from MIDC at Nerul in Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra, to our Subsidiaries. 

In addition, our guesthouses or residential properties have been obtained through leave and license agreements. However, these agreements are not registered with the concerned authority. If these agreements are terminated or revoked or if we are unable to renew these agreements on commercially reasonable terms or at all, we may suffer significant disruptions to our operations and incur considerable costs to relocate and move our operations elsewhere. In the event we are required to vacate the premises, we may need to do with short or no notice. Any inability on our part to timely identify a suitable location for a relocated premise could have an adverse impact on our business. 

23 

Further, our customers generally have the right to inspect and audit our facilities, processes and products after reasonable notice to ensure that our services are meeting their internal standards. Most of our customers routinely inspect and audit our facilities. If we fail to perform our services in accordance with best practices stipulated by our customers and/or our customers are dissatisfied with the quality of our facilities in any manner, our reputation could be harmed and our customers may terminate/modify their contractual arrangements and/ or refuse to renew their contractual arrangements or purchase orders. This may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 

# **10.** **_Third party industry and statistical information in this Red Herring Prospectus may be incomplete or unreliable._** 

The information in the sections entitled “ _Our Business_ ”, “ _Industry Overview_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ”, beginning on pages 116, 93 and 231, respectively, includes information that is derived from the “ _Defence and Space Industry Report_ ” dated August 6, 2021, prepared by Frost & Sullivan, commissioned and paid for by our Company in connection with the Offer. We commissioned this report for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Offer. Discussions of matters relating to India, its economy or the industries in which we operate in this Red Herring Prospectus are subject to the caveat that the statistical and other data upon which such discussions are based may be incomplete or unreliable. Statements from third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amounts may differ materially from those included in this Red Herring Prospectus. Due to incorrect or ineffective data collection methods or discrepancies between published information and market practice and other problems, the statistics herein may be inaccurate or may not be comparable to statistics produced elsewhere and should not be unduly relied upon. Further, we cannot assure you that they are stated or compiled on the same basis or with the same degree of accuracy, as the case may be, elsewhere. We cannot provide any assurance that the third parties have used correct or sound methodology to prepare the information included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For more details, see “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 93. 

# **11.** **_If we fail to keep our technical knowledge and process know-how confidential, we may suffer a loss of our competitive advantage or it may negatively impact the overall implementation of the programmes being worked on._** 

We possess extensive technical knowledge about our products. We have gained such technical knowledge through our own experiences, R&D initiatives undertaken by us and our collaboration with overseas technological companies, over the years. Our technical knowledge is a significant independent a sset. While our employees are subject to strict confidentiality, non-disclosure and non-compete obligations under the respective agreements entered with them, such technical knowledge is not protected by intellectual property rights such as patent registra tion or design registration. As a result, we cannot assure that our technical knowledge will remain confidential. 

Even if all reasonable precautions, whether contractual or otherwise, are taken to protect our confidential technical knowledge of our products and business, there is a risk that certain proprietary knowledge may be leaked, either inadvertently or wilfully, at various stages of the production process. A significant number of our employees have access to confidential design and product information and there can be no assurance that this information will remain confidential. We operate in highly sensitive areas and such leakage could adversely affect such critical programmes and our goodwill as well as future prospects with key agencies in the sector. Moreover, our employees may leave us and join other vendors manufacturing products similar to ours. Although we enter non-disclosure and non-compete agreements with our employees, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully enforce such agreements. While we enter into confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with our suppliers and business partners, we cannot assure you that parties will not breach their confidentiality obligations under such arrangements. The potential damage from such breach of any confidentiality obligations is heightened as our designs and products are not patented, and thus we may have no recourse against copies of our products and designs that enter the market subsequent to such leakages. 

In the event that the confidential information in respect of our products or business becomes available to third parties or to the public, any competitive advantage we may have over our competitors could be harmed. If a competitor is able to reproduce or otherwise capitalise on our technology, it may be difficult, expensive or impossible for us to obtain necessary legal protection. Consequently, any leakage of confidential technical information could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects. 

**12.** **_Any failure to comply with the provisions of the contracts entered with our customers, especially the Government of India (“GoI”) Entities, could have an adverse effect on our business operations, financial conditions and results of our operations. Additionally, imposition of liquidated damages and invocation of performance bank guarantees / indemnity bonds by our customers could impact our results of operations and we may face potential liabilities from lawsuits and claims by customers in the future._** 

The contracts entered with our customers, especially GoI Entities, contain onerous obligations and are subject to laws which give them certain rights and remedies including without limitation the following: 

24 

- terminate existing contracts for default, delays or force majeure conditions; 

- demand encashment of warranty indemnity bonds; 

- reduce orders under, or otherwise modify, contracts or sub-contracts; 

- claim intellectual property rights in products and systems produced by us; 

- control or prohibit the export of our products and services; and 

- cancel multi-year contracts and related orders if funds for contract performance for any subsequent year become unavailable. 

In the event that our customers enforce any of the above provisions, it could have an adverse effect on our business operations, financial conditions and results of our operations. Further, the loss of anticipated funding or the termination of multiple or large programmes by the GoI Entities could have an adverse effect on our future revenues and earnings. 

Apart from the above, most of the contracts with our customers require our Company to pay liquidated damages in the event of delay in delivery of products. The value of the liquidated damages typically ranges from 5% to 10% of the value of the contract. Additionally, under few of these contracts we are required to secure performance bond in the form of bank guarantee from nationalised / scheduled commercial banks for approximately 10% of the total order value towards performance of the equipment until completion of warranty period indicated in such contracts. In the event, we are unable to comply with the terms of the contract with the customer, they may invoke such bank guarantees. For the Fiscals ended 2021, 2020 and 2019, we have paid late delivery charges amounting to ₹ 7.51 million, ₹ 8.96 million, ₹ 6.28 million, respectively, to our customers, which is equivalent to 0.52%, 0.61% and 0.41%, of the revenue from operations for the respective Fiscals. 

We cannot assure you that in future such contracts can be completed profitably or on terms that are not commercially acceptable to us. Any time and/or cost overruns on our contract could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The incurring of such liabilities pursuant to the imposition of liquidated damages or the invocation of such performance bank guarantees and indemnity bonds in relation to our contracts could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operation, and financial condition. 

# **13.** **_Availability and cost of raw materials could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

Our operations are impacted by the availability and cost of raw materials utilised in our production process. We purchase our raw materials from domestic as well as international markets and any change in cost and availability of such raw materials for any reason, including change in the approved suppliers, change in law or applicable governmental policies relating to imports, would adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Our raw material suppliers may fail to deliver products of acceptable quality and within stipulated schedules or at all. We may be required to replace a supplier if the products provided or supplied, do not meet our quality or performance standards. Further, increase in competition may lead to our competitors establishing exclusive arrangements with our suppliers due to which we may be unable to secure an adequate supply of raw materials or which may increase our overall cost of raw materials, which we may not be able to determine from our customers. 

While we are not significantly dependent on any single raw material supplier, raw material supply and pricing can be volatile due to a number of factors beyond our control, including global demand and supply, economic and political conditions, transportation and labour costs, disruption during transportation, labour unrest, natural disasters, import duties, tariffs and currency exchange rates. This volatility in commodity prices can significantly affect our raw material costs. Further, any volatility in fuel prices can also affect commodity prices worldwide, which in turn may significantly increase our raw material costs. 

# **14.** **_We have significant power, and fuel requirements and any disruption to power or water sources could increase our production costs and adversely affect our results of operations._** 

We require substantial power and fuel for our manufacturing facilities, and energy costs represents a significant portion of the production costs for our operations. For Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, our power, and fu el costs were ₹24.80 million, ₹24.45 million, ₹21.83 million, constituting ₹ 1.73%, 1.66% and 1.41%, respectively, of our total revenue from operations. If energy or water costs were to rise, or if electricity or water supplies or supply arrangements were disrupted, our profits could decline. 

25 

We source most of our electricity requirements for our manufacturing facilities from state electricity boards and to a lesser extent, third-party suppliers. If supply is not available for any reason, we will need to rely on captive generators, which may not be able to consistently meet our requirements. The cost of electricity from state electricity boards could be significantly higher, thereby adversely affecting our cost of production and profitability. Further, if for any reason such electricity is not available, we may need to shut down our plants until an adequate supply of electricity is restored. Interruptions of electricity supply can also result in production shutdowns, increased costs associated with restarting production and the loss of production in progress. In addition, we source most of our water requirements from state utilities, but there is no assurance that we will be able to obtain a sufficient supply of water from sources in these areas, some of which are prone to drought. Therefore, we are subject to price risk and if supply or access is not available for any reason, our production may be disrupted and profitability could be adversely affected. We may also be forced to shut down or scale down our production if the drought worsens and we cannot access water in sufficient amounts. 

# **15.** **_Cyber-attacks or other security breaches could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation or financial condition._** 

We face cyber threats, threats to the physical security of our facilities and employees, and terrorist acts, as well as the potential for business disruptions associated with IT failures, natural disasters, or public health crises. We have experienced cyber security threats, threats to our IT infrastructure and attempts to gain access to our Company’s sensitive information. In October 2019, our emails were tapped because of which our Company was defrauded for an amount of 23,376 pounds (equivalent to ₹ 2.04 million) in relation to the sourcing of certain motherboards. We have installed anti-virus software to prevent our systems and infrastructure from being infected and crippled by computer viruses. All our internet facing servers installed at all our data centres as well as at all our offices are also secured with firewalls and intrusion preventions systems to prevent hacking, however we may experience similar security threats at customer sites that we operate and manage as a contractual requirement. Prior cyber-attacks directed at us have not had a material impact on our financial results, and we believe our threat detection and mitigation processes and procedures are adequate. The threats we face vary from attacks common to most industries to more advanced and persistent, highly organised adversaries who target us because we protect national security information. If we are unable to protect sensitive information, our customers or governmental authorities could question the adequacy of our threat mitigation and detection processes and procedures. Due to the evolving nature of these security threats, however, the impact of any future incident cannot be predicted. 

Although we work cooperatively with our customers, suppliers, sub-contractors, joint venture partners, and acquisitions to seek to minimise the impact of cyber threats, other security threats or business disruptions, we must rely on the safeguards put in place by these entities, which may affect the security of our information. These entities have varying levels of cyber security expertise and safeguards and their relationships with government contractors may increase the likelihood that they are targeted by the same cyber threats we face. 

The costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. Occurrence of any of these events could adversely affect our internal operations, the services we provide to our customers, loss of competitive advantages derived from our research, design and development efforts or other intellectual property, early obsolescence of our products and services, our future financial results, our reputation or our stock price. 

# **16.** **_The continuing effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted._** 

In late calendar 2019, the disease caused by the “novel coronavirus”, commonly known as COVID-19 was first reported in Wuhan, China. Since then, the virus has progressively spread globally to many countries. The World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak as a health emergency of international concern on January 30, 2020 and thereafter categorised the outbreak as a pandemic on March 11, 2020. 

In order to contain the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, the GoI along with state governments declared a lockdown of the country, including severe travel and transport restrictions and a directive to all citizens to shelter in place, unless essential. The COVID-19 pandemic and associated responses have adversely affected, among other things, workforces, consumer sentiment, liquidity, economies, trade and financial markets around the world, including in India. The lockdown required private, commercial and industrial establishments to remain closed. As a result, our business operations were temporarily disrupted on account of the temporary shutdown of our offices with effect from March 21, 2020 to April 21, 2020 and our manufacturing facilities and R&D centres from March 21, 2020 to August 1, 2020, pursuant to the directives from the central/local authorities which has impacted our ability to maintain continued operations resulting in some loss of production and cash flows. Further, since we do not maintain business interruption insurance (other than any interruptions caused due to fire), we will not be covered for any claims or damages arising out of such disruptions. We have intimated our customers about the force majeure conditions for all our existing orders and will accordingly re-negotiate the contract dates with our customers, post analysing the impact on such orders. 

26 

Due to COVID-19, in the first half of Fiscal 2021 our Company’s operations and revenue were impacted leading to a decrease in overall revenue from operations by 2.53% to ₹ 1,433.30 million for Fiscal 2021 compared to ₹ 1,470.43 million for Fiscal 2020. Further, we anticipate short term cash flow crunch and accordingly in order to maintain our existing cash flows, we have taken certain measures such as moderation of allowances incidental to work for our executives to control our costs. For details, see “ _Restated Financial Statements_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation – Impact of Covid-19 on our operations and financial condition”_ beginning on pages 172 and 235, respectively. 

Approximately 7% i.e. 25 of our employees were working remotely as of June 30, 2021. Heightened cybersecurity, information security and operational risks may result from these remote working arrangements. While we have already implemented a business continuity plan and we shall be implementing other such plans for minimising delays in production, we cannot assure you that such plans and safeguards will be effective during the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. During the COVID-19 pandemic there has been an increased propagation of malware that could expose our employees and system to increased cybersecurity threats through phishing and other means. Further, we could be adversely affected if key personnel or a significant number of employees were to become unavailable due to the effects and restrictions imposed as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. If any of our employees were suspected of contracting COVID-19 or any other contagious disease, this could require us to quarantine some or all of these employees or disinfect the facilities used for our operations. The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices (including employee travel, employee work locations (including implementation of work from home regime for key executives, to the extent possible) and cancellation of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences) and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, and suppliers. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the outbreak, and our ability to perform critical functions could be harmed. 

Further, our Statutory Auditors have included emphasis of matters in their report on the financial statements for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020, which describes the uncertainty relating to COVID-19 pandemic and its consequential effects on the affairs of the Company. For further details, see “ _Restated Financial Statements_ ” beginning on page 172. The ultimate impact will depend on a number of factors, many of which are outside our control, including the duration, severity and scope of the pandemic, the impact of the pandemic on economic activities in India and globally, the eventual level of infections in India or in the regions in which we op erate, and the impact of any actions taken by governmental bodies or health organisations (whether mandatory or advisory) to combat the spread of the virus. These risks could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, in the event the number of infected cases of COVID-19 in India begins to rise again, there is no certainty if additional restrictions will be put back in place or if another lockdown would be re-imposed to control the spread of the pandemic. Further, there is uncertainty regarding the availability of a vaccine against COVID-19 to the general population in India or the scope, duration and efficacy of the GoI’s and state governments’ measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19 or the economic disruption caused as a result. We cannot assure you that we will not face any difficulty in our operations due to such restrictions and such prolonged instances of lockdown may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation and prospects. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there is significant uncertainty on the impact of COVID-19 on the global and Indian economy and we may not be able to accurately predict its near term or long term impact on our business. To the extent that the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in “ _- 51. A slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer. Further, unforeseeable business interruptions, including war, pandemic, terrorist activities, political and social unrest, epidemics and natural disasters, such as earthquakes, could have a negative effect on the Indian economy and adversely affect our business_ ” on page 41. 

# **17.** **_We may not qualify for or win bids to further expand our business, which may have an adverse effect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

Our business and growth depend on our ability to qualify for and win bids undertaken by GoI Entities for awarding contracts. Our Company obtains a majority of its business through a competitive bidding process in which it competes for project awards based on, among other things, pricing, technical and technological expertise, reputation for quality, financing capabilities and track record. The bidding and selection process is affected by a number of factors, including factors which may be beyond our control, such as market conditions, project delays, scope adjustments, external economic or political factors. Any increase in competition during the bidding process or reduction in our competitive capabilities could have a material adverse effect on our market share. There can be no assurance that our current or potential competitors will not offer products and solutions comparable or superior to those that we offer at the same or lower prices, adapt more quickly to industry challenges, or expand their operations at a faster pace than we do. Increased competition may result in price reductions, reduced profit margins and loss of market share, thereby causing an adverse effect on our operations, prospects and financial condition. 

27 

In addition to meeting bid capacity requirements, we may also be required to pre-qualify for the orders involving GoI Entities such as in relation to background checks and prior experience of the bidders. However, we cannot assure that we shall always maintain our bid capacity and our pre-qualification capabilities, and that we shall be able to continually secure projects so as to enhance our business operations, financial performance and results of operations. Further, such pre-qualification criteria may also change from time to time. Our inability to fulfil and maintain the bid and pre - qualification capabilities may materially impact our operating revenue and profitability. 

# **18.** **_We have not been able to obtain certain records of the educational qualifications of Sharad Virji Shah and our KMPs namely, Harsh Dhirendra Bhansali and Anish Mehta, and have relied on declarations and undertakings furnished by them for details of their profiles included in this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

Our Promoter, Sharad Virji Shah and our KMPs namely, Harsh Dhirendra Bhansali and Anish Mehta, have been unable to trace copies of documents pertaining to certain of their educational qualifications. Accordingly, reliance has been placed on declarations, undertakings and affidavits furnished by them to us and the BRLM to disclose details of their respective educational qualifications in this Red Herring Prospectus. We and the BRLM have been unable to independently verify these details prior to inclusion in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, there can be no assurances that they will be able to trace the relevant documents pertaining to their respective qualifications in the future, or at all. 

# **19.** **_We have entered, and may continue to enter, related party transactions which may not always enable us to achieve the most favourable terms._** 

We have, in the ordinary course of our business, entered into transactions with certain related parties. We have in the past and may in the future purchase goods and samples from and sell goods to related parties. 

<u>(</u> _in ₹ million_ <u>)</u> 

|**Particulars**||**Fiscal**<br>||
|---|---|---|---|
||**2021**|**2020**|**2019**|
|Advance againstproperty|-|-|14.60|
|Advance return back on cancellation of contract|-|-|14.60|
|Director sittingfees|0.50|1.30|0.70|
|Managerial remuneration|10.26|8.55|7.68|
|Salaryto relatives|7.42|7.46|5.28|
|Advance to employeegiven|-|1.33|-|
|Advance to employee recovered|0.28|1.05|-|
|Rent expenses|0.48|0.04|-|
|Loans taken|44.28|256.44|35.66|
|Loans repaid|101.05|113.65|31.82|
|Compensation to Key Management Personnel of the<br>Company|8.94|9.37|8.54|



We cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions not been entered into with related parties. Furthermore, it is likely that we will enter related party transactions in the future. We cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. For more information regarding our related party transactions, see “ _Restated Financial Statements – Annexure VI – Notes to Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note 34 - Related Party Disclosures_ ” on page 212. 

# **20.** **_During the last 12 months preceding the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has issued Equity Shares at a price that may be lower than the Offer Price._** 

We have, in the last 12 months prior to filing this Red Herring Prospectus, issued Equity Shares at a price that could be lower than the Offer Price. For details, see “ _Capital Structure – Issue of Equity Shares at a price lower than the Offer Price in the last year_ ” on page 67. The prices at which Equity Shares have been issued by us in the last one year should not be taken to be indicative of the Price Band, Offer Price and the trading price of our Equity Shares after listing. 

# **21.** **_We depend on a limited number of customers for a significant portion of our revenue. The loss of any of our major customers due to any adverse development or significant reduction in business from our major customers may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects._** 

We have in the past derived a significant portion of our revenue from limited number of customers and we may continue to derive a significant portion of our revenue from such customers. As per our Restated Financial Statements, our revenue from our top five customers on a consolidated basis for the Fiscals ended 2021, 2020 and 2019 amounting to ₹854.65 million, ₹1,062.69 million, ₹905.48 million, respectively, which constituted 59.63%, 72.27% and 58.65% of our total consolidated revenue for the respective Fiscals. As our business is currently concentrated to a select number of customers, any adverse development with such customers, including as a result of a dispute with or disqualification 

28 

by such major customers, may result in us experiencing significant reduction in our cash flows and liquidity. If our customers are able to fulfil their requirements through any of our existing or new competitors, providing products with better quality and / or cheaper cost, we may lose significant portion of our business. Additionally, consolidation of any of our customers may also adversely affect our existing relationships and arrangements with such customers, and any of our customers that are acquired may cease to continue the businesses that require products manufactured by us. 

Further, in the event our major customers face any form of adverse effect due to exigent circumstances, resulting in a sustained decline in the demand for their products, including due to macroeconomic or geo-political factors affecting the economy in general, could prompt them to reduce their production volumes, in turn affecting their demand for our products. The volume and timing of sales to our major customers may also adversely vary due to variation in: (i) delay in or cancellation of projects; (ii) niche choices of raw materials for our products manufactured; (iii) bespoke requirements; (iv) management of inventory levels; (v) manufacturing strategy; and (vi) growth strategy. Furthermore, we do not have firm commitment in the form of long-term supply agreements with our customers and instead rely on purchase orders and contracts for manufacture of specific products on a project basis to govern the volume and other terms of our sales of products. There can be no assurance that upon expiry of the contracts, our customers will re-enter into such agreements with us in a timely manner and at terms favourable to us or at all. Consequently, there is no commitment on the part of our major customers to continue to place new purchase orders with us and as a result, our cash flow and consequent revenue may fluctuate significantly from time to time. Further, we may not find any other customers for the surplus or excess capacity, in which case we may be forced to incur a loss. 

# **22.** **_We are subject to strict quality requirements, customer inspections and audits, and any failure to comply with quality standards may lead to cancellation of existing and future orders and could negatively impact our reputation and our business and results of operations and future prospects._** 

We specialize in designing, developing, manufacturing and testing of a wide range of engineering products and solutions for defence and space applications. We design, develop and manufacture complex and specialised components for customers in defence and space sector based on specific requirements stipulated by them. Given the nature of our products and solutions, and the sector in which we operate, we believe that our customers have high standards for product quality and delivery schedules as adherence to quality standards is a critical factor for our products. A defect in products and solutions manufactured by our Company or failure to comply with the specifications of our customers may, in turn, lead to the manufacture of faulty end-products by our customer. Any failure to make timely deliveries of products and solutions as per our customers’ requirements, failure to perform our services in accordance with best practices stipulated by our customers and/or if our customers are dissatisfied with the quality of our facilities in any manner, our reputation could be harmed and our customers may terminate/modify their contractual arrangements and/ or refuse to renew their contractual arrangements or purcha se orders and in certain instances may result in additional financial exposure. 

While we have put in place quality control procedures, we cannot assure you that our products will always be able to satisfy our customers’ quality standards, including due to our quality control procedures failing to test for all possible conditions of use or identify all defects in the design, engineering or specifications of the components. Any such failure to identify defects could require us to undertake service actions or component recalls, could result in customer claims for damages and negative publicity. 

We typically extend a warranty period of 12 months to our customers for new products from the date of delivery. Due to the length of the warranty period extended by us, we may be subject to claims from our customers and we may incur additional costs if rectification work is required in order for us to satisfy our obligations during the warranty period. We cannot assure that our warranty provisions will be sufficient to cover the costs incurred for defects. Further, to ensure minimal defects, we may be required to incur significant expenses to maintain our quality assurance systems, which may affect our financial condition. 

Further, our customers generally have the right to inspect and audit our facilities, processes and products after reasonable notice to ensure that our services are meeting their internal standards. Most of our customers routinely inspect and audit our facilities. If we fail to perform our services in accordance with best practices stipulated by our customers and/or our customers are dissatisfied with the quality of our facilities in any manner, our reputation could be harmed and our customers may terminate/modify their contractual arrangements and/or refuse to renew their contractual arrangements or purchase orders. This may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 

# **23.** **_We may be unable to detect, deter and prevent all instances of fraud or negligence or other misconduct committed by our employees, customers or other third parties, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Many of our contract involve projects that are critical to the operations of our customer’s business. Further, as our operations are linked to the Indian defence and space sector, certain documents and information are confidential because of national security related concerns. Any instances of fraud, theft or other misconduct in our Company can 

29 

be difficult to detect, deter and prevent, and could subject us to financial losses and ha rm our reputation. Although we have controls in place with respect to the handling of such cases, we may be unable to prevent, detect or deter all such instances of misconduct. Further, we may not be able to identify non-compliance and/or suspicious transactions in a timely manner or at all. Any such misconduct committed against our interests, which may include past acts that have gone undetected or future acts, may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. See “- _17. Cyber-attacks or other security breaches could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation or financial condition_ ” on page 27. 

# **24.** 

**_We are subject to government regulations and if we fail to obtain, maintain or renew our statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals required for our business, our results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. Further, our Company has filed an application with the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade, Ministry of Commerce and Industry, Government of India (“DPIIT”) for issuance of an industrial licence under the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (“Licence”) for certain of its existing and planned products. There is no assurance that we will receive the Licence in a timely manner or at all. Further, there is no assurance that in the absence of such Licence we will not be subject to regulatory actions and/or penalties or we will be able to continue or begin the production of such products._** 

We are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory licences, registrations, permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules in India, generally for carrying out our business and for our manufacturing facilities. In addition, we will need to apply for renewal of certain approvals, licenses, registrations and permits, which expire or seek new approvals, licenses, registrations and permits from time to time, as and when required in the ordinary course of our business. The following licences and approvals held by our Company will expire within a period of three years from the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, unless renewed: 

|**Sr**<br>**No.**|**Particulars of the licence / approval**|**Issuing authority**|**Period of validity**|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.<br>|Factory licence (Ambernath facility)|Director of Industrial Safety and Health<br>(Labour Dept.),Maharashtra|Up to December<br>31,2021|
|2.<br>|Factory licence (Nerul facility)|Director of Industrial Safety and Health<br>(Labour Dept.),Maharashtra|Up to December<br>31,2021|
|3.<br>|ISO 14001:2015|RIR Certification Private Limited|Up to September 9,<br>2022|
|4.<br>|ISO 45001:2018|RIR Certification Private Limited|Up to September 9,<br>2022|
|5.<br>|Certificate of registration under the Contract Labour<br>(Regulation and Abolition)Act,1970|Assistant Commissioner of Labour, Thane-2|Up to December<br>31,2021|
|6.<br>|ISO 9001:2015|RIR Certification Private Limited|Upto April 3,2023|



Obtaining licences, registrations, permits and approvals or their renewals are time consuming processes and subject to frequent delays. While we have obtained a significant number of licences, registrations, permits and approvals from the relevant authorities, we are yet to receive or apply for certain licences, registrations, permits and approvals or renewals. For instance, while we have applied provisional fire no-objection certificate from the MIDC in relation to our Nerul facility, we are yet to receive the same. There is no assurance that such licences, registrations, permits and approvals or renewals will be issued or granted to us in a timely manner, or at all. If we do not receive such licences, registrations, permits and approvals or renewals in a timely manner, it could result in cost and time overrun or our business and operations may be adversely affected. Moreover, certain approvals granted to us by statutory authorities may be revoked at any point of time due to circumstances which may or may not be within our control and this could have an adverse impact on our business and operations. For further details, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies in India_ ” and “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on pages 137 and 257, respectively. 

Apart from the above, in relation to our Ambernath facility, the consent to operate issued by the MPCB under the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 and the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 on March 1, 2017, had expired on October 31, 2017. Subsequently, pursuant to the notification dated March 7, 2016 issued by the CPCB and the notification dated March 19, 2019 issued by the MPCB, the activity undertaken by our Company was classified under the white category with effect from June 3, 2016 and accordingly, our Company was not required to obtain / renew the aforementioned consent. In terms of such notifications, our Company submitted an undertaking for classification under the white category to the MPCB on December 30, 2019. Accordingly, our Company did not possess a valid consent to operate for our Ambernath facility for the period between October 31, 2017 and December 30, 2019. Further, our Company did not possess the consent to establish or operate under the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 and the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 for our Nerul facility prior to the submission of an undertaking for classification under the white category to the MPCB on December 14, 2019. Given the above, the relevant authority may initiate actions against us, restrain our operations, impose fines or penalties or initiate legal proceedings for our inability to renew/obtain approvals in a timely manner or at all. Further, the regulator may order closure of our unit where it is found to be non-compliant with the applicable 

30 

norm. These requirements may become more stringent over time and there can be no assurance that we will not incur significant environmental costs or liabilities in the future. 

Our licences, registrations, permits and approvals are also subject to certain conditions, some of which may be onerous and require us to incur expenditure. We may also not be aware of certain approvals or permissions, which we may be required to maintain or acquire for undertaking our operations, under any new regulation or amended regulation made by any local or State Government. An inability to obtain, maintain or renew licences, registrations, permits and approvals required for our operations may adversely affect continuity of our operations. 

Further, in order to sell our products, our products must be approved by government agencies in the countries in which we do business. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, it may reduce our revenues, increase costs, adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are an Indian private sector company engaged in designing, developing, manufacturing and testing of a wide range of defence and space engineering products and solutions. Pursuant to recent correspondence with the DPIIT initiated by us, we understand that certain of the products we manufacture and propose to manufacture require the Licence, in terms of Press Note 1 of 2019 dated January 1, 2019 read with Press Note 2 of 2019 dated September 11, 2019, as issued by the DPIIT (“ **Identified Products** ”). Of the Identified Products, the revenue from products already being manufactured by the Company constituted ₹65.98 million, ₹46.05 million and ₹5.71 million for the Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, which contributed approximately 4.60%, 3.13% and 0.37% to the total revenue of the Company for the respective fiscals. 

Accordingly, on February 5, 2021, our Company has made an application to the DPIIT seeking the Licence. However, there is no assurance that we will receive the Licence in a timely manner, or at all. Further, for the period where we have been undertaking the production of the Identified Products, being since 2006, there is no assurance that we will not be subject to regulatory actions and/or penalties (including imprisonment up to six months, or fine which may extend to ₹ 5,000, or both, and, in the case of a continuing contravention, an additional fine which may extend to ₹ 500 for every day during which such contravention continues after conviction for the first such contravention), which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, reputation and business. Further, we canno t assure you that the DPIIT will not seek more information in relation to the Identified Products or our other products in the future and that we will be able to provide satisfactory answers and information for all such queries from the DPIIT within the timelines prescribed by the DPIIT or at all. In the event the License is not received, our Company may be required to cease production of the Identified Products presently being manufactured and will not be in a position to commence manufacture of Identified Products which are not yet being manufactured. Any regulatory actions and/or penalties against our Company may adversely affect our business, financial condition and reputation. 

# **25.** **_We have significant working capital requirements. If we experience insufficient cash flows from our operations or are unable to borrow to meet our working capital requirements, it may materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Our business requires significant working capital including in connection with our manufacturing operations, financing our inventory, purchase of raw materials and our development of new products which may be adversely affected by changes in terms of credit and payment. We are required to maintain a high level of working capital because our business activities are characterised by long product development periods and production cycles. Our working capital requirements for the Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019 were ₹ 1,617.09, ₹ 1,319.95 million and ₹ 913.30 million, which is equivalent to 112.82%, 89.77% and 59.15% of our revenue from operations for the respective Fiscals. Delays in payment under on-going contracts or reduction of advance payments due to lower order intake or inventory and work in progress increases and/or accelerated payments to suppliers, could adversely affect our working capital, lower our cash flows and materially increase the amount of working capital to be funded through external debt financings. 

We may also be unable to adequately finance our working capital requirements on account of various factors, including extraneous factors such as delay in disbursements under our financing arrangements, increased interest rates, insurance or other costs, or borrowing and lending restrictions or finance our working capital requirements on commercially acceptable terms or at all, each of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. These factors ma y result, or have resulted, in increase in the amount of our receivables and short-term borrowings. Continued increase in our working capital requirements may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

The actual amount and timing of our future capital requirements may differ from estimates as a result of, among other factors, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, economic conditions, engineering design changes, technological changes and additional market developments. If we decide to raise additional funds through the incurrence of debt, our interest and debt repayment obligations will increase, and could have a significant effect on our profitability and cash flows and we may be subject to additional covenants, which could limit our ability to access cash flows from operations. 

31 

# **26.** **_The number of orders we have received in the past, our current order book and our growth rate may not be indicative of the number of orders we will receive in the future._** 

As at June 30, 2021, our order book amounted to ₹ 3,049.92 million. We prepare our order book on the basis of the work completed, the outstanding work and the time expected to complete the bids and contracts forming part of the order book. The order book may be materially impacted if the time taken or amount payable for completion of any ongoing order of our Company changes. The growth of our order book is a cumulative indication of the revenues that we expect to recognise in future periods in relation to signed contracts. Further, we cannot guarantee that the income anticipated in our order book will be realised, or, if realised, will be realised on time or result in profits. In addition, our order book depends on continued growth of the defence and space sector in India and our ability to remain competitive. Our existing order book and our growth rate may not be indicative of the number of orders we will receive or our growth in the future. 

Our order book only represents business that is considered firm, although this is subject to, among other things, cancellation or early termination or because of any breach of our contractual obligations, non -payment by our customers, delays in the initiation of our customers’ projects, unanticipated variations or adjustments in the scope and schedule of our obligations for reasons outside our and our customers’ control or change in budget appropriations which affect our customers. For instance, amount of defaults by customers for payment for Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019 were ₹ 1.20 million, ₹ 0.13 million and ₹ 4.08 million, which is equivalent to ₹ 0.08%, 0.01% and 0.26% of our revenue from operations for the respective Fiscals. Accordingly, we cannot predict with certainty the extent to which a project forming part of our order book will be performed. Further, such delays in the completion of a project or cancellation of a project may lead to delays or refusal in payment of the applicable amount that we expect to be paid in respect of such project. Our clients may also be entitled to terminate the agreement in the event of delay in completion of the work if the delay is not on account of any of the agreed exceptions. In addition, where a project is concluded as scheduled, our client may delay, default or otherwise fail to pay amounts owed to us. Such payments often represent an important portion of the margin we expect to earn on a project. Further, any delay in execution of ongoing projects leading to extended timelines would also adversely impact our ability to undertake additional projects in future and the outlook of our order book. Moreover, if any of our projects are cancelled or terminated prematurely, there can be no assurance that our Company will receive any applicable termination payments in time or at all or that the amount paid will be adequate to enable our Company to recover its investments in the prematurely cancelled project. In such events, we may have to bear the actual costs for project activities incurred by us which may exceed the agreed work as a result of which, our future earnings may be lower from the amount of the order book and if any of the forgoing risks materialize, our cash flow position, revenues and earnings may be adversely affected. 

# **27.** **_If we are unable to manage our growth effectively or raise additional capital, our business, future financial performance and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected._** 

The success of our business will depend greatly on our ability to effectively implement our busin ess and growth strategy. As part of our growth strategy, we aim to, among other things, continue to grow our businesses as and when opportunities exist including by expanding our production capacity, strengthening our foothold in India ’s expanding market, continue to focus on R&D, diversify our product and solutions, increasing our reach in the international markets and by expansion into opportunistic areas and partnerships. For details, see “ _Our Business – Our Business Strategy_ ” on page 120. 

This could place significant demands on our operational, credit, financial and other internal risk controls. In pursuing our growth strategy, we will require additional capital investments and cash outlays, which may have a material impact on our cash flows and results of operations. As our product portfolio and product pipeline grow, we may require additional personnel on our project management, in-house quality assurance and R&D teams to work with our partners on quality assurance, regulatory affairs and product development. As a result, our operating expenses and capital requirements may increase significantly. Our ability to manage our growth effectively requires us to forecast accurately our sales, growth and manufacturing capacity and to expend funds to improve our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. We may also be exposed to certain other risks, including difficulties arising from operating a larger and more complex organisation; the failure to (i) efficiently and optima lly allocate management, technology and other resources across our organisation, (ii) compete effectively with competitors and (iii) increase our production capacity; the inability to control our costs; and unforeseen legal, regulatory, property, labour or other issues. 

Further, our future business plan is dependent on our ability raise funds through debt or equity and we may have difficulty obtaining funding on acceptable terms or at all. Adverse developments in the Indian credit markets may significantly increase our debt service costs and the overall cost of our funds. Moreover, even if we secure the required funding, there is no assurance that we will be able to successfully expand our production capacity or diversify our product and solutions portfolio. We may also face difficulties in effectively implementing new technologies required in designing, developing and manufacturing new products and solutions and may not be able to recover our investments. An inability to implement our future business plan, manage our growth effectively or failure to secure 

32 

the required funding on favourable terms or at all could have a material and adverse effect on our business, future financial performance and results of operations. See “- _4. We design, develop and manufacture products and solutions that incorporate advanced technologies. Many of our contracts contain performance obligations that require innovative design capabilities, are technologically complex or involve developmental costs. Further, developing customised products and solutions and other research and development (“_ **_R&D_** _”) activities involve risks and we may not realize the degree of benefits initially anticipated or in a timely manner or at all. Further, such activities  may not lead to satisfactory returns, including in relation to our unmanned aerial vehicle (“_ **_UAV_** _”) integration solutions._ ” on page 20. 

# **28.** **_Our success depends significantly on our Promoters, Key Management Personnel and other senior management and skilled personnel. The loss of their services may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our Promoters, Key Management Personnel, and other senior management and skilled personnel. We believe that their inputs and experience in the fields of, _inter alia,_ design and development _,_ project management, operations management and manufacturing technologies along with their past experience in the defence sector are valuable for the development of business and operations and the strategic steps taken by our Company. 

Sharad Virji Shah, our Chairman, and Munjal Sharad Shah, our Managing Director, have 41 years and 23 years of experience, respectively, in engineering products and solutions for defence application. We are highly dependent on our Promoters to manage our current operations and to meet future business challenges. The active involvement of our Promoters in our operations, including the strategy, direction and customer relationships have been integral to our development and business. We cannot assure you that their services will continue to be available to us, or that we will be able to find a suitable replacement if required. The attrition rate of our Company for Fiscal 2021 was 15.83% for our staff and officers and 8.03% for our workers. Further, the successful completion of our projects, the day-to-day operations and the planning and execution of our business strategy depends significantly on our Key Management Personnel and other senior management and skilled personnel. Although we have implemented a succession policy approved by the Board as well as initiated a structured training programme for the middle management executives, we cannot assure you that we will be able to adequately replace such skilled and experienced personnel. This may lead to a lack of domain expertise for key positions in our Company which may adversely affect our business. 

Moreover, our ability to execute projects depends on our ability to attract, train, motivate and retain senior management and highly skilled personnel due to the complex nature of our products. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain these professionals or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. To the extent we lose such skilled personnel, we will be required to find ways to successfully manage the transfer of confidential information from them to their replacements. An inability to retain any key managerial personnel may impair our ability to bid on and obtain new projects and therefore will have an adverse effect on our operations. 

Furthermore, the loss of any of the members of our Key Management Personnel and other senior management and skilled personnel or an inability on our part to manage the attrition levels, may lead to loss of technical knowledge which may materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

# **29.** **_Our financing agreements impose certain restrictions on our operations, and our failure to comply with operational and financial covenants may adversely affect our reputation, business and financial condition._** 

As of July 31, 2021, our aggregate outstanding indebtedness was ₹ 1,158.27 million. Some debt financing agreements entered into by our Company contain restrictive covenants, and/or events of default that limit our ability to undertake certain types of transactions, which may adversely affect our business and financial condition. We are required to obtain prior consent from some of our lenders for, among other matters, to effect any change in the shareholding pattern of the Company and alter the constitutional documents. Moreover, our manufacturing facilities and some of our plant and machinery at such facilities have been offered as a collateral for some of our loans and our Promoters have also provided a personal guarantee in relation to our borrowings. Our financing agreements also require us to maintain certain financial ratios and it can be recalled by lenders in certain circumstances. If the lenders exercise their right to recall a loan, it could have an adverse effect on our or these companies’ reputation, business and financial position. For further details of the restrictive covenants under our financing documents, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” beginning on page 229. 

We cannot assure you that we will have or will be able to comply with all such restrictive covenants in a timely manner or at all, or that we will be able to comply with all such restrictive covenants in the future. Any failure to comply with the conditions and covenants in our financing agreements that is not waived by our lenders or guarantors or otherwise cured could lead to discontinuation of our credit facilities or acceleration of all amounts due under such facilities, which could adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to conduct and implement our business plans. 

33 

If our future cash flows from operations and other capital resources are insufficient to pay our debt obligations or our contractual obligations, or to fund our other liquidity needs, we may be forced to sell assets or attempt to restructure or refinance our existing indebtedness. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets, our financial condition at such time and the terms of our other outstanding debt instruments. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. The terms of existing or future debt instruments may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. In addition, any failure to make payments of interest or principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our creditworthiness or credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness on acceptable terms. The credit ratings received by our Company during the last three financial years are as follows: 

|**Sr**<br>**No.**|**Rating**|**agency**|**Date of rating**|**Long term rating**|**Short term ra**|**ting**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|1.<br>|CRISIL<br>Limited|Ratings|November<br>19,<br>2018|CRISIL BBB+/Stable (Assigned)|CRISIL<br>(Assigned)|A2|
|2.<br>|CRISIL<br>Limited|Ratings|January 22, 2020|CRISIL BBB+/Stable (Reaffirmed)|CRISIL<br>(Reaffirmed)|A2|
|3.<br>|CRISIL<br>Limited|Ratings|March 1, 2021|CRISIL BBB+/Negative<br>(Reaffirmed<br>and outlook<br>revised to ‘Negative’)|CRISIL<br>(Reaffirmed)|A2|



Additionally, pursuant to the Offer, our Company proposes to utilise a part of the Net Proceeds to carry out scheduled repayment or pre-payment of its existing indebtedness and in the event our Company pre-pays certain loans, it may be required to bear additional interest or additional bank fees or may require the consent of such lenders. For further details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on page 75. 

**30.** **_We intend to utilise a portion of the Net Proceeds for our capital expenditure requirements. Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on management estimates have not been appraised by any independent agency and may be subject to change based on various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Further, we have not yet placed orders for certain of the machinery and equipment to be purchased and set up as part of our proposed expansion of our manufacturing facilities at Nerul in Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra and Ambernath in Thane, Maharashtra._** 

We intend to utilise a portion of the Net Proceeds for funding our capital expenditure requirements which includes, inter alia, purchase of machinery and equipment for the proposed expansion of our Nerul and Ambernath facilities, and for meeting our incremental working capital requirements. For details, see “ _Our Business - Our Business Strategy - Expansion of our production capacity_ ” on page 121. The purposes for which our Net Proceeds will be utilised have not been appraised by any independent entity and are based on our estimates and third-party quotations (which are subject to change in the future). Our management will have broad discretion to use the Net Proceeds and you will be relying on the judgment of our management regarding the application of these Net Proceeds. Our capital expenditure plans are subject to a number of variables, some of which may be beyond our control, including the changes in costs, our financial condition, business and strategy or external circumstances such as market conditions, competitive environment, interest or exchange rate fluctuations and finance charges. 

Further, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have not placed orders or entered into any definitive agreements for the purchase of certain of the machinery and equipment we propose to set up as part of the expansion of our manufacturing facilities at Nerul in Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra and Ambernath in Thane, Maharashtra. Accordingly, we are yet to place orders worth ₹ 279.32 million which constitutes 80.59% of the total estimated cost in relation to the purchase of machinery and equipment. While we have obtained the quotations from various vendors in relation to such capital expenditure, most of these quotations are valid for a limited period of time and ma y be subject to revisions, and other commercial and technical factors. The cost of such machinery and equipment may escalate due to changes in import duties, foreign exchange fluctuations, shortage of such machines, or increase in the cost of raw material. We cannot assure you that we will be able to undertake such capital expenditure within the cost indicated by such quotations or that there will not be cost escalations. For details, see “ _Objects of the Offer - Details of the Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 76. 

# **31.** **_If we are unable to establish and maintain an effective system of internal controls and compliances, our business and reputation could be adversely affected. Lack of monitoring each element of cost may result into cost overruns which in turn may lead to losses in case of fixed contracts._** 

We manage regulatory compliance by monitoring and evaluating our internal controls and ensuring that we are in compliance with all relevant statutory and regulatory requirements. However, there can be no assurance that deficiencies in our internal controls and compliances will not arise, or that we will be able to implement, and continue to maintain, adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls, in a timely manner or at all. As we continue to grow, there can be no assurance that there will be no other instances of such inadvertent non-compliances with statutory requirements, which may subject us to regulatory action, including monetary penalties, 

34 

which may adversely affect our business and reputation. While we did not incur any losses in this regard during Fiscals 2021 and 2019, we incurred loss during Fiscal 2020 (i) in relation to a project for development of high end computing system for naval applications, amounting to ₹ 2.20 million; and (ii) due to a cyber fraud for an amount of 23,376 GBP (equivalent to ₹ 2.04 million), where the aggregate amount of losses were ₹ 4.24 million which is equivalent to 0.29% of our revenue from operations for Fiscal 2020. 

Our Company has a monitoring system to monitor our progress against the terms and conditions as laid down in our customer agreements, identify any issues and take necessary corrective and preventive actions for monitoring compliance guaranteed service levels as per the required parameters. We have a dedicated team involved in resource planning and workforce management that, on a regular basis, monitor the costs incurred for various works performed by us and provide feedback for corrective actions required in order to effectively meet the commitments in our customer agreements. 

Our efforts have various cost elements such as labour and material overhead, facility hire, sub-contract, direct expenses (i.e. expenses towards salary of executives), logistics, raw materials etc. Our Compa ny does not have a mechanism in place for monitoring and controlling each element of cost with regard to yard efforts. Further, our Statutory Auditors, in their reports on internal financial control over financial reporting, as part of the report on the co nsolidated and standalone financial statements for Fiscals 2020 and 2019, have made certain observations in relation to the need to strengthen internal financial controls in relation to allocation of overheads for determination of the costs of products and KYC related to alteration of details of customers and vendors. In the absence of comprehensive monitoring of each cost element, there may be incidences of cost overruns, which may lead to losses in case of fixed contracts that have been entered into by our Company. 

# **32.** **_Our ability to complete our projects in a timely manner and maintain its quality standards is subject to performance of our sub-contractors._** 

From time to time, we sub-contract certain activities or ‘main works’ to be undertaken for our projects to other parties depending on various factors, including, manpower availability and complexity required for execution of projects. As on June 30, 2021, 53.37% of our total workforce was hired on contractual basis. Further, for the Fiscals 2021 and 2020, we have incurred expenses amounting to ₹ 13.18 million and ₹ 15.23 million, respectively, towards job processing charges, which is equivalent to 0.92% and 1.04% of our revenue from operations for the Fiscals 2021 and 2020, respectively. We did not make payments towards job processing charges in the Fiscal 2019. Although our subcontractors are qualified, we do not have control over their day to day performa nce. We cannot ensure that there will be no delay in performance of duties by our sub-contractors, which may cause a delay in completion of our projects. We may also be exposed to risks relating to the quality of their services, equipment and supplies. In the event that our cost and work estimates are not in line with our budgets or there is an increase in the price of materials, the fixed price sub-contract may adversely affect our profit margins. Further, there is a risk that we may have disputes with our subcontractors arising from, inter alia, quality and timely execution of work performed by our sub-contractors, payments to be made to sub-contractors under our arrangement with them or our failure to extend existing work order to or issue a new work order to a sub-contractor under our arrangement with such sub-contractor. We cannot assure you that these disputes will be amicably resolved or will not culminate into arbitration, litigation or other dispute resolution proceedings. 

# **33.** **_Failure or disruption of our information and technology (“IT”) and/ or enterprise resources planning systems may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects._** 

The efficient operation of our business depends on our IT infrastructure and our enterprise resources planning systems established at our manufacturing facilities. Our IT infrastructure comprises of third-party solutions and applications maintained internally. Since we operate multiple IT platforms, the failure of our IT infrastructure and/ or our enterprise resources planning systems could disrupt our business and adversely affect our results of operation. In addition, our IT infrastructure and/or our enterprise resources planning systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from, amongst others, natural or man-made disasters, terrorist attacks, computer viruses or hackers, power loss, other computer systems, internet telecommunications or data network failures. Any such interruption could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

While we have deployed IT disaster management systems including data backup and retrieval mechanisms, we cannot assure you that such IT disaster management systems including data backup would be able to ensure sufficient safeguards to prevent significant disruption of our IT systems. However, any failure or disruption in the operation of these systems or the loss of data due to such failure or disruption (including due to human error) or our inability to access the back-up information critical for our business on a timely basis, may affect our ability to plan, track, record and analyse work / projects in progress, R&D initiatives and revenue, process financial information, manage our creditors, debtors and hedging positions, or otherwise conduct our normal business operations, which may increase our costs and otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 

35 

# **34.** **_Our Company is involved in certain legal proceedings, which, if determined adversely, may adversely affect our business and financial condition._** 

Our Company is involved in certain legal proceedings at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and appellate authorities. In the event of adverse rulings in these proceedings or consequent levy of penalties by other statutory authorities, our Company may need to make payments or make provisions for future payments, which may increase expenses and current or contingent liabilities and also adversely affect our reputation. A summary of the proceedings involving our Company is provided below: 

|**Type of Proceedings **|**Number of Cases**|**Amount(in ₹ million)* **|
|---|---|---|
|**_Litigationfiled against our Company _**|||
|Direct tax matters|10|8.87|
|Indirect tax matters|2|1.20|
|**Total**<br>|**12**|**10.07**|
|*<br>_To the extent quantifiable._|||



If any new developments arise, such as a change in Indian law or rulings against us by appellate courts or tribunals, we may need to make provisions that could increase our expenses and current liabilities. Further, such legal proceedings could divert our management’s time and attention and cause us to incur significant expenses. Any adverse decision in any of these proceedings may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For details of the outstanding litigation proceedings, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” beginning on page 254. 

# **35.** **_We operate in a competitive business environment. Failure to compete effectively against our competitors and new entrants to the industry in any of our business activities may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

The manufacturing of products and solutions for defence and space applications is competitive, and it experiences rapid technological developments and changes in customer requirements. For further details on our competitors, see “ _Our Business – Competition”_ on page 132. Our ability to meet the qualification criteria in our various business areas is critical to being considered for any project. We compete on the basis of our ability to fulfil our contractual obligations including the quality of products and the timely delivery of the products. Additionally, while these are important considerations, price is a major factor in most tender / bid awards and our business is subject to intense price competition. Our competitors may have substantially greater financial, management, research and marketing resources than we have as a result of which they may be able to utilise their resources and economies of scale to develop improved products, divert sales away from us by winning broader contracts or hire our employees by offering more lucrative compensation packages. Our competitors may be able to provide our customers, including the GoI Entities, with different or greater capabilities or benefits than we can provide in areas such as technology, technical qualifications, post contract performance, price and availability of key professional personnel. In addition, larger diversified competitors serving as primary suppliers may be able to supply underlying products and services from affiliated entities or new joint ventures with private Indian companies, which would prevent us from competing for sub -contracting or licencing opportunities on these contracts. Our failure to compete effectively with respect to any of t hese or other factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition or operating results. In such a scenario, we may find difficulties in maintaining our position in the market. 

Going forward and with the liberalisation of the Indian defence and space sector to allow private and/or foreign companies to participate in defence and space contracts, as the case may be, we will be required to participate in competitive bidding. The competitive bidding process entails managerial time to prepare bids and proposals for contracts and may require us to resort to price cuts in order to win contracts which may not be awarded to us or may be split with our competitors. Following an award, we may encounter significant expenses, delay s, contract modifications, or even loss of such contract if our competitors protest or challenge contracts that are awarded to us. In addition, our customers may face budget constraints, availability of more affordable solutions, and reducing product and technology development cycles. To remain competitive, we must consistently provide products with superior performance and capability to our customers, advanced technology solutions and service at an affordable cost and with the agility that our customers require to satisfy their mission objectives. Our inability to successfully do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and/ or operating results. In addition, the MoD has formulated the Defence Production and Export Promotion Policy, 2020 (“ **Draft DPEPP** ”). The Draft DPEPP is envisaged as an overarching guiding document of MoD to provide a focused, structured and significant thrust to defence production capabilities of the country for self-reliance and exports. These policies of the GoI, while providing opportunities for our Company, have also increased competition and we cannot assure you that we will be as competitive as we have been in the past and that we will continue to be successfully awarded contracts by the GoI. These and other developments, such as the DAP and the increase in the cap for FDI, may increase the competition we face in the defence industry in India. 

36 

Moreover, if we are not able to further develop our proximity to our customers and make our vend or-supplier ecosystem more efficient or as efficient as our competitors, there can be no assurance we will be able to grow or effectively compete in the industry. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against our competitors as well as new entrants in our industry in the future. Further, most of our customers follow competitive bidding processes due to which we may not be able to effectively bid for future projects. Accordingly, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects would be adversely and materially affected if we are unable to maintain our competitive advantage and compete successfully against our competitors and any new entrants in the industry. 

# **36.** **_The insurance coverage taken by us may not be adequate to protect against certain business risks and this may have an adverse effect on the business operations._** 

Our operations are subject to risks inherent to the engineering and manufacturing industry, such as work accidents, storm, fire, tempest, earthquake, flood, inundation, explosions including hazards that may cause severe damage, including the physical destruction of property, breakdown of machinery and other force majeure events. We are subject to losses resulting from defects or damages arising during transit of our products. We maintain insurance coverage, in amounts which we believe are commercially appropriate, including insurance in relation to directors’ and officers’ liability, storm, fire, tempest and other special perils, all industrial risks, such as leakage and contamination, spontaneous combustion and breakdown of machinery. Our insurance cover as a percentage of our total assets was 72.52% as on March 31, 2021, while our total assets as on March 31, 2021 were ₹ 3,627.58 million. We also maintain coverage under a marine cargo policy insuring our products during transit. We believe that our insurance coverage is in accordance with industry custom, including the terms of and the coverage provided by such insurance. 

Notwithstanding the insurance coverage that we carry, the occurrence of an event that causes losses in excess of the limits specified in our policies, or losses arising from events not covered by insurance policies, could materially harm our financial condition and future results of operations. Additionally, there may be various other risks and losses for which we are not insured, either because such risks are uninsurable or not insurable on commercially acceptable terms. In addition, in the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance of all types which we deem necessary or adequate or at rates which we consider reasonable. The occurrence of an event for which we are not adequately or sufficiently insured or the successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or changes in our insurance policies (including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements), could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. There may also be certain types of risks (including but not limited to business disruptions) for which we are not covered. For instance, we do not have insurance policies that cover the losses incurred du e to COVID- 19 pandemic, or any such instances. 

Although we have obtained insurance for our employees as required by Indian laws and regulations, as well as our important properties and assets, our insurance may not be adequate to cover all potential liabilities. We cannot assure you that insurance will be generally available in the future or, if available, that the premiums will not increase or remain commercially justifiable. If we incur substantial liability and the insurance does not, or is insufficient to, cover the damages, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected. 

# **37.** **_If additional stringent labour laws, involve additional compliance requirements or other industry standards in India become applicable to us, our business, profitability and results of operations may be adversely affected. Any labour disputes or unrests could lead to lost production, increased costs or delays which could lead to penalties._** 

We are subject to a number of stringent labour legislation that protects the interests of workers and defines our duties and obligations towards them in the capacity of principal employers, including legislations that sets forth detailed procedures for employee removal and dispute resolution and impose financial obligations on us. We are also subject to state and local laws and regulations. If labour laws become more stringent or are more strictly enforced, it may become difficult for us to maintain flexible human resource policies, discharge employees or downsize, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Any organizational changes, including changes in salaries and wages and other employee benefits that are, or are perceived to be negative, could result in an increased attrition rate. Any further increase in minimum wage requirements or changes in labour regulations in India having a similar impact would increase our labor costs, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and profitability. For instance, the Indian Parliament has recently approved the Code on Social Security, 2020 (the “ **Code on Social Security** ”) which would impact the contributions we make towards provident fund and gratuity. The effective date from which most of the changes will be applicable is yet to be notified and the rules are yet to be finalized, but the Company will carry out an evaluation of the impact of the Code on Social Security and reflect the same in our financial statements in the period in which the Code of Social Security becomes effective and the related rules are published. 

37 

We cannot assure you that there may not be incidences of labour unrest and absenteeism from work by some of our employees. Labour shortages could increase the cost of labour and hinder our productivity and ability to adhere to our delivery schedules for our projects, which would materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

# **38.** 

# **_We appoint contract labours for carrying out certain operations and we may be held responsible for paying the wages of such workers, if the independent contractors through whom such workers are hired default on their obligations, and such obligations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition._** 

In order to retain flexibility and control costs, our Company has entered into contract with independent contractors who in turn engage on-site contract labour for performance of certain operations of the company. For the Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, we have incurred expenses amounting to ₹ 52.05 million, ₹ 53.58 million and ₹ 30.85 million, respectively, towards independent contractors’ charges i.e. job processing and labour charges, which is equivalent to 3.63%, 3.64% and 2.00% of our revenue from operations for the respective Fiscals. Although our Company does not engage these contract labourers directly, we may be held responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition and we may also be subject to legal proceedings in this regard. In the event any regulatory body or court passes orders which require us to regularise any of the casual or contract labourers as regular employees, it may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition due to the various factors including increase in wages. 

# **39.** **_Our Promoters, certain Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are interested in our Company in addition to their normal remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses incurred. Additionally, our Promoters and certain of our Directors are interested in land acquired by the Company._** 

Our Promoters, certain of our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel may be regarded as having an interest in our Company in addition to their normal remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses incurred. Our Promoters, certain Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are deemed to be interested to the extent of Equity Shares held by them as well as to the extent of any dividends, bonuses or other distributions on such Equity Shares. Our Directors are also interested to the extent of fees payable to them for attending meetings of our Board of Directors or committees thereof. 

Pursuant to the amalgamation of Concept Shapers and Electronics Private Limited, wherein Sharad Virji Shah, Munjal Sharad Shah and Shilpa Amit Mahajan were the directors, with our Company, our Company has acquired all its properties. Further, our Company has also entered into a leave and license agreement with our Promoter, Munjal Sharad Shah, in relation to our guest house at Navi Mumbai, for which he receives monthly rent from our Company. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ”, “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” and “ _Our Management_ ” on pages 62, 168 and 152, respectively. 

# **40.** **_Our business, results of operation and financial conditions could be materially and adversely affected if any fault of ours causes any accidents at our customers’ units._** 

The products we manufacture are highly complex, require technically advanced and costly equipment and involve hazardous materials. The components and systems we manufacture may involve risks, including breakdown, failure or substandard performance of equipment, improper installation or operation of equipment and industrial accidents. In addition, defects in or malfunctioning of our products could cause severe damage to property and death or serious injury to our customers’ personnel, which could expose us to litigation and damages. Under most of our contracts, warranty period is for a period of 12 months only for any manufacturing defects in the products. 

Our operations expose us to potential liabilities for personal injury or death or property damage as a result of the failure or malfunction of manufacturing equipment or of any products that have been designed, manufactured or serviced by us. An accident caused by our fault or negligence during testing or delivery could also damage our reputation for quality products. 

# **41.** **_Our Company has availed certain unsecured loans that may be recalled by the lenders at any time._** 

Our Company has currently availed unsecured loans which may be recalled by the lenders at any time. As of July 31, 2021, our Company had availed unsecured loans amounting to ₹ 73.19 million, comprising 6.32% of the total borrowings of our Company. In the event that any lender seeks a repayment of any such loan, our Company would need to find alternative sources of financing, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. We may not have adequate working capital to undertake new assignments of our customers. As a result, a ny such demand may affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. For details in relation to the indebtedness of our Company, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” beginning on page 229. 

**42.** **_Any write-down of intangible assets may harm our results of operations and financial condition_** . 

38 

Our balance sheet includes amounts recorded as intangible assets, in particular with respect to computer software and technical knowhow. As of March 31, 2021, we had intangible assets (net of amortisation) of ₹ 14.98 million (which represented 0.41% of our total assets). Assets of indefinite life are subject to an “impairment test” at least once a year. These evaluations are based on estimates of future cash flows and applicable discount rates. Any significant discrepancies between the estimates and actual developments and any change to expected future cash flows may have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

# **43.** **_Given that we have not entered into any foreign exchange hedging arrangement, we face foreign exchange risks, primarily in our export and procurement operations that could adversely affect our results of operations._** 

We have foreign currency trade payables and receivables and are accordingly, exposed to foreign currency exchange risk. Changes in currency exchange rates may influence our results of operations. Depreciation of Rupee versus USD and EUR will result in lower revenues in Rupee terms, which could adversely affect our profitability. As and when outflows are incurred, the required foreign exchange is bought from market at the then prevailing exchange rate. Further, we have not entered into any foreign exchange hedging arrangements. 

Our future capital expenditures, including raw materials, equipment and machinery, may be denominated in currencies other than Rupee. Therefore, declines in the value of the Rupee against the USD or other foreign currencies would increase the Rupee cost of servicing and repaying those borrowings and their value in our balance sheet. The exchange rates between Rupee and USD and between Rupee and EUR have changed substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate significantly in the future. 

Accordingly, any decline in the value of the Rupee against the U.S. Dollar and Euro or any other foreign currency would increase the Rupee cost of such raw materials. Although we closely follow our exposure to foreign currencies in an attempt to reduce the risks of currency fluctuations, these activities are not always sufficient to protect us against incurring potential losses if currencies fluctuate significantly. Any such losses on account of foreign exchange fluctuations may adversely affect our results of operations. 

# **44.** **_Our proposed plan of enhancing our manufacturing facilities at Nerul in Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra and Ambernath in Thane, Maharashtra by expanding their production capacity and installation of new equipment is subject to the risk of unanticipated delays in implementation and cost overruns, which may be beyond our control._** 

Our Company intends to utilize ₹ 346.57 million from the Net Proceeds for funding purchase of machinery and equipment for the proposed expansion of our Nerul and Ambernath facilities. We have made and intend to continue making investments to expand the capacity of our manufacturing facilities to aid our growth efforts. For further details, see “ _Objects of the Offer – Purchase of machinery and equipment_ ” and “ _Our Business – Expansion of our facilities_ ” on pages 76 and 129. Our expansion plans remain subject to uncertainties including labour shortages, increased costs of equipment or manpower, inadequate performance of the equipment and machinery installed in our manufacturing facilities, delays in completion, force majeure events, defects in design or construction, the possibility of unanticipated future regulatory restrictions, delays in receiving governmental, statutory and other regulatory approvals, incremental pre-operating expenses, taxes and duties, time and cost overruns, interest and finance charges, working capital margin, environment and ecology costs and other external factors which may not be within the control of our management. 

In view of the above, there can be no assurance that the proposed expansions will be completed as planned or in a timely manner or at all. In addition, our budgeted costs may be insufficient to meet our proposed capital expenditure requirements. If our actual capital expenditures significantly exceed our budgets, or even if our budgets were sufficient to cover these projects, we may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits of these projects, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete the aforementioned expansion and additions in accordance with the proposed schedule of implementation and any delay could have an adverse impact on our growth, prospects, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **45.** **_Restrictions on the export of our products and other regulations could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We design and manufacture many defence and space products considered to be of national strategic interest. Limitation or withdrawal, if any (in the case, for example, of embargoes or geopolitical conflicts), of the authorisation to export the products might have a negative impact on our operations and financial situation. Further, failure to comply with the regulations and requirements could result in contract modifications or termination and the imposition of penalties, fines and withdrawal of authorisations, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Authorisations can be revoked and general export controls may change in response to international conflicts or other political or geopolitical factors. 

# **46.** **_There have been some instances of delays or incorrect filings with certain statutory or regulatory authorities._** 

39 

Our Company has in the past inadvertently delayed making the prescribed statutory filings with RoC and RBI for few corporate actions _viz._ allotment of shares and passing of special resolutions. While we have paid the requisite fine as prescribed under the law at the time of the delayed filing, there can be no assurance that such delayed filings in the past will not expose our Company to further fines and proceedings by regulatory bodies. Further, there can be no assurance that delay in statutory reporting will not happen in the future. 

Further, our Company has in the past inadvertently made few erroneous filings with the RoC including filing of forms pertaining to our capital structure. Such filings may expose us and our then directors to action by competent regulatory authorities including but not limited to pecuniary liability. While we strive to avoid such errors, there can be no assurance that such delays in reporting will not occur in the future. 

**47.** **_There may be significant independent press coverage about our Company and this Offer, and we strongly caution you not to place reliance on any information contained in press articles, including, in particular, any financial projections, valuations or other forward-looking information, and any statements that are inconsistent with the information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

There may be significant press coverage about our Company and this Offer, that may include financial projections, valuations and other forward-looking information, as well as statements that are inconsistent or conflict with the information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. We do not accept any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of such press articles, and we make no representation or warranty as to the appropriateness, accuracy, completeness or reliability of any of the projections, valuations, forward-looking information, or of any assumptions underlying such projections, valuations, forward-looking information or any statements are inconsistent or conflict with the information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus, included in or referred to by the media. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

**48.** **_Significant differences exist between Indian Accounting Standards 38 (“Ind AS”) and Indian GAAP on one hand and other accounting principles, such as Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America (“US GAAP”) and International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) on the other, which may be material to investors’ assessments of our financial condition._** 

Our Company prepares its annual and interim financial statements under Ind AS. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS financial statements, which are restated as per SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited. 

# **49.** **_Currency exchange rate fluctuations could have an adverse effect on our reporting of results of operations._** 

We report our consolidated results of operations in Indian Rupees. In accordance with “Accounting Standard 21 – Consolidated Financial Statements” issued by Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, at the time of conversion of the financial statements of the foreign subsidiary during the consolidation process, line items of the profit and loss account are converted using an average exchange rate for the period or year under consideration except for opening and closing stock, which are converted at the opening and closing exchange rate respectively, whereas items of the balance sheet are converted using the closing exchange rate for the period or calendar year under considerat ion. Exchange rate fluctuations may have an adverse effect on our reported revenues and financial results as a result of variations in the exchange rate compare to exchange rate prevailing in the previous comparative period. 

In the past, we have also recognized losses on account of foreign exchange positions. We cannot guarantee that we will not experience losses going forward and such losses may continue to have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **50.** **_The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and the Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares upon listing on the Stock Exchanges._** 

The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions, and will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders in consultation with the BRLM. Furthermore, the Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders in consultation with the BRLM through the Book Building Process. These will be based on numerous factors, including factors as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 88 and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares upon listing on the Stock Exchanges. The price of our Equity Shares upon listing on the Stock Exchanges will be determined by the market and may be influenced by many factors outside of our control. For further details, see “ _– 61. Our Equity Shares have never_ 

40 

_been publicly traded and we cannot be certain that an active trading market for the Equity Shares will develop or be sustained after this offering. Following the offering, the price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate significantly, which could cause you to suffer substantial losses._ ” on page 46. 

# **51.** **_A slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer. Further, unforeseeable business interruptions, including war, pandemic, terrorist activities, political and social unrest, epidemics and natural disasters, such as earthquakes, could have a negative effect on the Indian economy and adversely affect our business._** 

Our performance and the growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. As a result, a slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect our business. India has experienced natural calamities such as earthquakes, tsunami, floods and drought in the past few years. The extent and severity of these natural disasters determines their effect on the Indian economy. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years, in particular communal violence across ethnic or communal lines involving conflicts, riots and other forms of violence between communities of different religious faith or ethnic origins, and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could a dversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may negatively affect the Indian markets in which our Equity Shares trade and also adversely affect the worldwide financial markets. These acts may also result in loss of business confidence. In addition, any deterioration in relations between India and its neighbouring countries might result in investor concern about stability in the region, which could adversely affect the price of our Equity Shares and the equity markets in general. India has experienced communal disturbances, terrorist attacks and riots during recent years. If such events recur, our business may be adversely affected. The Asian region has from time to time experienced instances of civil unrest and hostilities. Hostilities and tensions may occur in the future and on a wider scale. Military activity or terrorist attacks in India, such as the attacks in Mumbai in November, 2008 and July, 2011, as well as other acts of violence or war could influence the Indian economy by creating a greater perception that investments in India involve higher degrees of risk. Events of this nature in the future, as well as social and civil unrest within other countries in Asia, could influence the Indian economy and could have a material adverse effect on the market for securities of Indian companies, including our Equity Shares 

The outbreak, or threatened outbreak, of any severe communicable disease could materially adversely affect overall business sentiment and environment, particularly if such outbreak is inadequately controlled. The spread of any severe communicable disease may also adversely affect the operations of our customers and suppliers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. One such instance of an unforeseen event having a significantly deleterious impact on the stock market and investor confidence across the world including in India is the spread of COVID-19. COVID-19, which has been termed as a “pandemic” by the World Health Organization, is a highly infectious disease which was first detected in Wuhan in China ’s Hubei province and has spread to over 100 countries across the world, including India. The outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in authorities implementing several measures such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders, and shutdowns. These measures have impacted and may further impact our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers, and those of our respective vendors and suppliers. There is currently substantial medical uncertainty regarding COVID-19 and no government-certified treatment or vaccine is available. A rapid increase in severe cases and deaths where measures taken by governments fail or are lifted prematurely may cause significant economic disruption in India and in the rest of the world. The scope, duration and frequency of such measures and the adverse effects of COVID-19 remain uncertain and could be severe. Our ability to meet our ongoing disclosure obligations might be adversely affected, despite our best efforts. In addition, our revenue and profitability could be impacted to the extent that a natural disaster, health epidemic or other outbreak harms the Indian and global economy in general. The outbreak has significantly increased economic uncertainty and it is likely that the current outbreak or continued spread of COVID19 will cause an economic slowdown and it is possible that it could cause a global recession. In case the lockdown is reimplemented, it could result in muted economic growth or give rise to a recessionary economic scenario, in India and globally, which could adversely affect the business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition of our Company. 

We generally bear the risk of loss of raw materials or equipment and components in transit after our raw material suppliers ship the supplies to us, in terms of the import purchases. We may face the risk of loss or damage to our properties, machinery and inventories due to natural disasters, such as snow storms, typhoons and flooding. Acts of war, political unrest, epidemics and terrorist attacks may also cause damage or disruption to us, our employees, our facilities and our markets, any of which could materially and adversely affect our sales, costs, overall operating results and financial condition. The potential for war or terrorist attacks may also cause uncertainty and cause our business to suffer in ways that we cannot predict. In addition, certain Asian countries, including Hong Kong, China, Singapore and Thailand, have encountered epidemics such as severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS and incidents of avian 

41 

influenza, or H5N1 bird flu. Past occurrences of epidemics have caused different degrees of damage to the national and local economies in India. A recurrence of an outbreak of SARS, avian influenza or any other similar epidemic could cause a slowdown in the levels of economic activity generally, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In the event any loss exceeds our insurance coverage or is not covered by our insurance policies, we will bear the shortfall. In such an event, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

Further, acts of violence or war in and outside India, including those involving the United States, the United Kingdom or other countries, may adversely affect worldwide financial markets and could adversely affect the world economic environment, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and more generally, any of these events could lower confidence in India. South Asia has, from time to time, experienced instances of civil unrest and hostilities among other neighbouring countries. For instance, in June 2020 a confrontation occurred between Indian and Chinese military forces. Any degradation in India -China political relations or any future military confrontations could lead to political or economic instability in India which may adversely affect markets and economic growth both globally and in India in particular. This could have a material adverse effect on the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

**52.** **_It may not be possible for you to enforce any judgment obtained outside India, including in the United States, against our Company or any of our directors and officers that are resident in India, except by way of a suit in India on such judgment._** 

We are incorporated under the laws of India and all of our Directors reside in India. Furthermore, all of our Company’s assets are located in India. As a result, you may be unable to: 

- effect service of process in jurisdictions outside India, including in the United States, upon our Company; or 

- enforce in Indian courts judgments obtained in courts of jurisdictions outside India against our Company, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of jurisdictions outside India. 

Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 and Section 44A of the Indian Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (“ **CPC** ”). Section 13 of the CPC provides that a foreign judgment shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated upon, between the same parties or between the pa rties whom they or any of them claim are litigating under the same title, except: (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case, (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or a refusal to recognise the law of India in cases in which such law is applicable, (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice, (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud, or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law in force in India. Section 44A of the CPC provides that where a foreign judgment has been rendered by a court in any country or territory outside India, which the GoI has by notification declared to be a reciprocating territory, it may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgment had been rendered by the relevant court in India. However, Section 44A of the CPC is applicable only to monetary decrees not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes or other charges of a similar nature or in respect of a fine or other penalties and does not include arbitration awards. India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, such as the United Kingdom, Singapore, United Arab Emirates and Hong Kong. In order to be enforceable, a judgment from a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the **CPC** . The CPC only permits the enforcement and execution of monetary decrees in the reciprocating jurisdiction, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. 

The party in whose favour a final foreign judgment in a non-reciprocating territory is rendered may bring a fresh suit in a competent court in India based on the final judgment within three years of obtaining such final judgment. However, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with Indian public policy. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval of the RBI, to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of the judgment. Any judgment or award in a foreign currency would be converted into Indian Rupees on the date of the judgment or award and not on the date of the payment. Generally, there are considerable delays in the processing of 

42 

legal actions to enforce a civil liability in India, and therefore it is uncertain whether a suit brought in an Indian court will be disposed of in a timely manner or be subject to considerable delays. 

# **53.** **_Regulation of foreign ownership of Indian securities by the Government of India (“GoI”) may have an adverse effect on the price of the Equity Shares. Further, our ability to raise foreign capital may be constrained by Indian law._** 

Foreign ownership of Indian securities is subject to GoI regulation. Under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of equity shares between non-residents and residents are permitted (subject to certain exceptions) if they comply with inter alia, the pricing guidelines specified by the RBI, sectoral caps and reporting requirements specified under the Indian foreign exchange regulations. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then the prior approval of the RBI or the competent authority under the FEMA Rules and the FDI Policy, as applicable, will be required. In accordance with foreign exchange regulations currently in effect in India, under certain circumstances the RBI must approve the sale of the Equity Shares from a non-resident of India to a resident of India or vice-versa if the sale does not meet certain requirements specified by the RBI. Additionally, any person who seeks to convert the Rupee proceeds from any such sale into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India is required to obtain a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. As provided in the foreign exchange controls currently in effect in India, the RBI has provided that the price at which the Equity Shares are transferred be calculated in accordance with internationally accepted pricing methodology for the valuation of shares at an arm’s length basis, and a higher (or lower, as applicable) price per share may not be permitted. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other government agency can be obtained on terms favourable to a non-resident investor in a timely manner or at all. Because of possible delays in obtaining requisite approvals, investors in the Equity Shares may be prevented from realising gains during periods of price increase or limiting losses during periods of price decline. 

Further, the GoI on April 22, 2020 amended the FEMA Rules pursuant to which any investment into India by an entity of a country which shares a land border with India, or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, shall require the approval of the GoI. 

Additionally, our Company has applied for the industrial licence under the IDRA for the Identified Products (“ **IL Application** ”). In terms of the FDI Policy and Schedule I of the FEMA Rules, a company seeking an industrial licence shall be permitted to have FDI upto 74% under the automatic route and above 74% under approval route, on case-tocase basis, wherever it is likely to result in access to modern technology in India or for other reasons to be recorded. 

Additionally, in terms of the FDI Policy and Schedule I of the FEMA Rules, infusion of fresh foreign investment up to 49%, in a company not seeking industrial license under the IDRA or which already has Government approval for FDI in the defence sector, is required to submit a declaration with the MoD in cases of change in equity/shareholding pattern or transfer of stake by an existing investor to new foreign investor, for FDI up to 49%, within a period of 30 days of such change and any proposal for raising FDI beyond 49% from such companies shall require Government approval. Further, in terms of the FDI Policy and Schedule I of the FEMA Rules, foreign investment in the defence sector is subject to security clearance by the Ministry of Home Affairs and as per the guidelines prescribed by the MoD and shall be subject to scrutiny on grounds of national security and the Government reserves the right to review any foreign investment in the defence sector that affects or may affect national security. As part of the IL Application, our Company has also sought for the relaxation of the requirement under Schedule I of the FEMA Rules to obtain security clearance in relation to the FDI in the IPO since our Company would not know the identity of such investors at the time of making the IL Application and has accordingly provided details of the existing Directors and Shareholders in this regard. As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, the IL Application is still pending. We cannot assure you that the IL Application or relaxation from the requirement of security clearance under Schedule I of the FEMA Rules or any other required approval or clearance from any other governmental agency or RBI can be obtained in a timely manner or at all. 

In light of the above, in terms of the FEMA Rules and the FDI Policy, participation by non-residents in the Offer is restricted to participation by (i) FPIs under Schedule II of the FEMA Rules, in the Offer subject to limit of the individual holding of an FPI below 10% of the post-Offer paid-up capital of our Company and the aggregate limit for FPI investment currently not exceeding 49% of the post-Offer paid-up capital of our Company; and (ii) Eligible NRIs only on non-repatriation basis under Schedule IV of the FEMA Rules. Further, other non-residents such as FVCIs and multilateral and bilateral development financial institutions are not permitted to participate in the Offer. As per the existing policy of the Government, OCBs cannot participate in this Offer. For more information on bids by FPIs and Eligible NRIs, see “ _Offer Procedure_ ” on page 275. For details, including in relation to the restriction on foreign investment while issuance of fresh equity shares, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 289. 

As an Indian company, we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources for our projects and hence could constrain our ability to obtain 

43 

financing on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, we cannot assure you that any required regulatory approvals for borrowing in foreign currencies will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. Limitations on foreign debt may have an adverse effect on our business growth, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **54.** **_Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and economy is influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including, but not limited to, the conditions in the United States, Europe and certain economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and its business. 

Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby impact the Indian economy. Financial disruptions in the future could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

The global credit and equity markets have experienced substantial dislocations, liquidity disruptions and market corrections. In Europe, the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union, and any prolonged period of uncertainty which results, could have a significant negative impact on international markets. These could include further falls in stock exchange indices and/or greater volatility of markets in general due to the increased uncertainty. These and other related events could have a significant impact on the global credit and financial markets as a whole, and could result in reduced liquidity, greater volatility, widening of credit spreads and a lack of price transparency in the global credit and financial markets. 

There are also concerns that a tightening of monetary policy in emerging markets and some developed markets will lead to a moderation in global growth. Such factors might also result in a slowdown in India’s export growth momentum. 

In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, have implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the fin ancial markets. However, the overall long-term impact of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have had the intended stabilising effects. Any significant financial disruption in the future could have an adverse effect on our cost of funding, loan portfolio, business, future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. Adverse economic developments overseas in countries where we have operations could have a material adverse impact on us and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **55.** **_You may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on sale of the Equity Shares or arising in relation to dividends being declared by our Company, which will adversely affect any gains made upon sale of Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Under the IT Act long-term capital gains (i.e. gain realized on the sale of shares held for more than 12 months) exceeding ₹100,000 arising from sale of equity shares listed on a recognized stock exchange, are taxed at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess). This beneficial rate is subj ect to payment of Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”). Further, any gain realized on the sale of Equity Shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold other than on a recognized stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, will be subject to long term capital gains tax in India at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), without indexation benefits or 20% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) with indexation benefits. 

The Finance Act, 2019 amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020 clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our Company’s business and operations. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short-term capital gains tax in India. Such gains will be subject to tax at the rate of 15% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), subject to STT being paid at the time of sale of such shares. Otherwise, such gains will be taxed at the applicable rates. 

In cases where the seller is a non-resident, the aforementioned rates would be subject to the beneficial provisions of the tax treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident, read with Multilateral Instruments (“ **MLI** ”) (if and to the extent applicable). 

44 

Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdictions on gains arising from a sale of the shares subject to relief that may be available under the applicable tax treaty read with MLI (if and to the extent applicable) or under the laws of their own jurisdiction. 

# **56.** **_Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. The government of India (“ **GoI** ”) may implement new laws or other regulations and policies that could affect the defence industry, which could lead to new compliance requirements, including requiring us to obtain approvals and licenses from the Government and other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements. Any changes to such laws, including the instances mentioned below, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. 

For instance, as per the amended IT Act to provide an option to the domestic companies to pay a reduced statutory corporate income tax of 22%, plus applicable surcharge and cess (as compared to a normal corporate tax of 25% or 30%), provided such companies do not claim certain specified deduction or exemptions. Further, where a company has opted to pay the reduced corporate tax rate of 22%, the minimum alternate tax provisions would not be applicable. 

Earlier, distribution of dividends by a domestic company was subject to Dividend Distribution Tax (“ **DDT** ”), in the hands of the company at an effective rate of 20.56% (inclusive of applicable surcharge and health and education cess). Such dividends were generally exempt from tax in the hands of the shareholders. However, GOI has amended the IT Act to abolish the DDT regime. Accordingly, any dividend distributed by a domestic company is subject to tax in the hands of the investor at the applicable rate. Additionally, the company is required to withhold tax on such dividends distributed at the applicable rate. 

Further, the General Anti-Avoidance Rules (“ **GAAR** ”) provisions have been introduced to catch arrangements declared as “impermissible avoidance arrangements”, which is any arrangement, the main purpose of which is to obtain a tax benefit and which satisfy at least one of the following tests (i) creates rights or obligations which are not ordinarily created between persons dealing at arm’s length; (ii) results, directly or indirectly, in misuse, or abuse, of the provisions of the IT Act; (iii) lacks commercial substance or is deemed to lack commercial substance, in whole or in part; or (iv) is entered into, or carried out, by means, or in a manner, which are not ordinarily employed for bona fide purposes. The tax consequences of the GAAR provisions being applied to an arrangement could result in denial of tax benefit, amongst other consequences. As the GAAR provisions are relatively untested, the consequential effects on the Company cannot be determined as of now. If the GAAR provisions are made applicable to us, they may have an adverse tax impact on the Company. 

As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the aforementioned provisions may have on our Company’s business and operations. Further, our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **57.** **_Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board of Directors, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions under Indian law may not be as extensive and wide-spread as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

# **58.** **_We may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could in turn adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, as amended (“ **Competition Act** ”), regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India and was enacted for the purpose of preventing practices that have or are likely to have an adverse effect on competition in India and has mandated the Competition Commission of India (“ **CCI** ”) to prevent such practices. Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition is considered void and results in the imposition of substantial monetary penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly: (i) involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or provision of services; (ii) shares the market or source of production or provision of services by way of allocation of geographical area, type of goods or services or number of customers in the relevant market; or (iii) directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an 

45 

appreciable adverse effect on competition. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. On March 4, 2011, the GoI notified and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to, and pre-approved by, the CCI. Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued the Competition Commission of India (Procedure for Transaction of Business Relating to Combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. The CCI, has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. Further, if it is proved that any contravention committed by a company took place with the consent or connivance or is attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other officer of such company, that person shall be guilty of the contravention and may be punished. It is unclear as to how the Competition Act and the CCI will affect the business environment in India. 

The applicability or interpretation of the Competition Act to any merger, amalgamation or acquisition proposed or undertaken by us, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by CCI for alleged violation of provisions of the Competition Act may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operation. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us may be subject to the provisions of the Competition Act and we are unable to predict the impact of the provisions of the Competition Act on such agreements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain approval for any future acquisitions on satisfactory terms, or at all. If we are affected directly or indirectly by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act or any proceedings initiated by the CCI or any other relevant authority (or any other claim by any other party under the Competition Act) or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution under the Competition Act, including by way of financial penalties, our reputation may also be materially and adversely affected. We are not currently party to any outstanding proceedings, nor have we received notice in relation to non-compliance with the Competition Act or the agreements entered into by us. 

# **59.** **_Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding and sale of our Equity Shares by our Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future equity issuances by our Company, including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future issuances of Equity Shares or the disposal of Equity Shares by our Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences for us including difficulty in raising debt-financing. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the trading price of our Equity Shares As disclosed in “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 62, an aggregate of 20% of our fully diluted post-Offer capital held by our Promoters shall be considered as minimum Promoters’ contribution and locked in for a period of three years, and balance Equity Shares held by the Promoters following the Offer (assuming all of the Offered Shares are sold in the Offer) will be locked-in for one year from the date of Allotment. Except for the customary lock-in on our ability to issue equity or equity-linked securities discussed in “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 62, there is no restriction on our ability to issue Equity Shares. As such, there can be no assurance that we will not issue additional Equity Shares after the lock-in period expires or that the Promoters will not sell, pledge or encumber our Equity Shares after the lock-in periods expire. Future issuances of Equity Shares or convertible securities and sale of the underlying Equity Shares could dilute the holdings of our shareholders and adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Such securities may also be issued at prices below the then trading price of our Equity Shares or the Offer Price. Sales of Equity Shares by the Promoters could also adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. 

# **60.** **_We will incur increased costs as a result of becoming a listed public company._** 

As a listed public company, we will incur legal, accounting, insurance and other expenses that we have not incurred as an unlisted public company, including costs associated with listed company reporting and corporate governance requirements. We expect that rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly, although we are currently unable to estimate these costs with any degree of certainty. Laws and regulations could also make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. Laws and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as our senior management. Furthermore, if we are unable to satisfy our obligations as a public com pany, we could be subject to delisting, fines, sanctions and other regulatory action and potentially civil litigation. 

**61.** **_Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and we cannot be certain that an active trading market for the Equity Shares will develop or be sustained after this offering. Following the offering, the price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate significantly, which could cause you to suffer substantial losses._** 

46 

Prior to this Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares and a n active public market for our Equity Shares may not develop or be sustained after this Offer. Further, the price at which the Equity Shares are initially traded may not correspond to the prices at which the Equity Shares will trade in the market subsequen t to this Offer. We cannot guarantee that an active trading market will develop or be sustained after the offering. Nor can we predict the prices at which the Equity Shares may trade after the offering. If an active trading market is not developed or sustained, the liquidity and trading price of our Equity Shares could be materially and adversely affected. While we will obtain in-principle listing approval from the Stock Exchanges to have our Equity Shares listed and quoted on the Stock Exchanges, listing and quotation does not, however, guarantee that a trading market for our Equity Shares will develop or, if a market does develop, the liquidity of that market for the Equity Shares. Although we currently intend that the Equity Shares will remain listed on the Stock Exchanges, there is no guarantee of the continued listing of the Equity Shares. 

Our initial public offering price will be determined through negotiation between us and the underwriters and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after this offering. If you purchase the Equity Shares in our initial public offering, you may not be able to resell them at or above the initial public offering price. We cannot assure you that the initial public offering price of the Equity Shares, or the market price following our initial public offering, will equal or exceed prices in privately negotiated transactions of our Equity Shares that may have occurred from time to time prior to our initial public offering, such as the subscription of Equity Shares by the Maharashtra Defence and Aerospace Venture Fund pursuant to the SSHA. The market price of the Equity Shares may decline or fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: 

- actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 

- announcements about our earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and filings with the regulator; 

- significant liability claims, complaints from our customers, shortages or interruptions in the availability of raw materials or other supplies; 

- changes in senior management or key personnel; 

- macroeconomic conditions in India; 

- fluctuations of exchange rates; 

- the operating and stock price performance of comparable companies; 

- changes in our shareholder base; 

- changes in our dividend policy; 

- issuances, exchanges or sales, or expected issuances, exchanges or sales; 

- changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; and 

- changes in the regulatory and legal environment in which we operate; or market conditions in the defence and space industry and the domestic and worldwide economies as a whole. 

Any of these factors may result in large and sudden changes in the volume and trading price of the Equity Shares. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, shareholders have often instituted securities class action litigation against that company. If we were involved in a class action suit, it could divert the attention of management, and, if adversely determined, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **62.** **_Substantial future sales or perceived potential sales of the Equity Shares or equity linked securities in the public market could cause the price of the Equity Shares to decline significantly._** 

Sales of the Equity Shares or equity linked securities in the public market after this offering, or the perception that these sales could occur, could cause the market price of the Equity Shares to decline significantly. All Equity Shares sold in this offering will be freely transferable subject to applicable law and subject to expiration of lock -in periods, if applicable. The Equity Shares outstanding prior to the Offer will be available for sale, upon the expiration of the lockin periods described elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus (if applicable to such holder), subject to applicable law. To the extent of the Equity Shares sold into the market, the market price of the Equity Shares could decline significantly. 

47 

# **63.** **_You will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares you purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the BSE and the NSE. Pursuant to Indian regulations, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading may commence. Upon receipt of final approval from the Designated Stock Exchange, trading in the Equity Shares is required to commence within six working days of the date of closure of the Offer. We cannot assure that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods prescribed under law. 

# **64.** **_Our Company’s ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon future earnings, financial conditions, cash flows, working capital requirements and capital expenditures._** 

Any dividends to be declared and paid in the future are required to be recommended by the Board and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act. The ability of our Company to pay dividends in the future will depend on a number of factors, including but not limited to the earnings, capital requirements, capital expenditure requirement, the overall financial position of our Company, past dividend declaration trends and other factors considered relevant by the Board of Directors, including as set out in the dividend policy adopted by the Board of Directors. We may decide to retain all of our earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business and, therefore, may not declare dividends on our Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. We cannot assure you that we will generate sufficient revenues to cover our operating expenses and, as such, pay dividends to the Shareholders in the future consistent with our past practices, or at all. For details pertaining to dividend declared by us in the past, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 171. We have not declared any dividends for Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019. 

Under Indian laws, dividends may be paid out of profits earned during the year or out of accumulated profits earned by a company in previous years and transferred by it to its reserves (subject to certain conditions). Any accumulated profits that are not distributed in a given year are retained and may be available for distribution in subsequent years. 

# **65.** **_Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under section 62 of the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution by our Company. 

However, if the laws of the jurisdiction the investors are located in do not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless our Company makes such a filing. If our Company elects not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise preemptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in our Company would be reduced. 

# **66.** **_QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid and RIBs are permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) only till the Bid/Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. As a result, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors would not be able to withdraw or lower their Bids, notwithstanding adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations or financial condition, or otherwise, between the dates of the submission of their Bids and the Allotment. 

While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

48 

