# **SECTION II - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider each of the following risk factors together with all other information set forth in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks that we currently face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. Further, the Goa Facility also faces the risks and uncertainties described below as well as several others. In order to obtain a complete understanding about us, investors should read this section in conjunction with “_ **_Our Business_** _”, “_ **_Industry Overview_** _”, “_ **_Restated Consolidated Financial Information_** _” and “_ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations_** _” on pages 152, 108, 264 and 495, respectively, as well as the financial statements, including the notes thereto, and other financial information included elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_If any or some combination of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or believed to be adverse, actually occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition could suffer, the trading price of, and the value of your investment in, the Equity Shares could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. In making an investment decision with respect to this Offer, you must rely on your own examination of our Company and the terms of this Offer, including the merits and risks involved and you should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in the Equity Shares._ 

_Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries. This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. See “_ **_Forward-Looking Statements_** _” on page 17._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information included herein is based on or derived from our Restated Consolidated Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “_ **_Restated Consolidated Financial Information_** _” on page 264._ 

_Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section. Unless the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “we”, “us” and “our” refers to Paradeep Phosphates Limited on a consolidated basis._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the CRISIL report titled “Assessment of the fertiliser market in India” dated July, 2021, read with addendum I dated October 2021 and addendum II dated April 2022 to the report, prepared and issued by CRISIL Limited (the “_ **_CRISIL Report_** _”), and commissioned and paid for by our Company in connection with the Offer. The CRISIL Report is available at_ _<u>https://www.paradeepphosphates.com/investor/.</u>_ 

# **Internal Risks** 

**_1. Our business is dependent on the performance of the agricultural sector in which our fertilizers are used. Any developments affecting the performance of the agricultural sector are likely to affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business is dependent on the performance of the agricultural sector in which our fertilizers are used. The performance of the agricultural sector and consequently the demand for our fertilizers and other products, is dependent on area under cultivation, soil quality, climatic conditions including rains and adequacy of monsoon, adequacy of water supply, crop prices, and availability of credit to farmers which are beyond our control. Further, the demand for our fertilizers is dependent on the cropping pattern which may vary year on year for the major crops. Any reduction in area under cultivation, adverse cropping pattern, climatic conditions, erratic or inadequate monsoon and consequent scarcity of water or other developments affecting the performance of agricultural sector in which our products are used, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

27 

Further, the demand for our products is also affected by agricultural product prices, population growth, change in dietary habits and planted acreage and fertilizer application rates. Lower agricultural product prices may result in reduced production of agricultural products, which could decrease demand for fertilizers and result in a downward pressure on fertilizer prices. In addition, replacement of fertilizer application with other products and techniques aimed at improving crop yield such as genetically modified organisms, which are organisms whose genetic material has been altered by genetic engineering, can be used to grow agricultural products that require less fertilizer application, could result in a decline in fertilizer demand and prices which in turn may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_2. Our business is subject to climatic conditions and is cyclical in nature. Seasonal variations and unfavourable local and global weather patterns may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business is sensitive to weather conditions such as drought, floods, cyclones and natural disasters, as well as events such as pest infestations. Our results of operations are significantly affected by weather conditions in the agricultural regions in which our products are used. Adverse conditions early in the season, especially drought conditions, can result in significantly lower than normal plantings of crops and therefore lower demand for crop protection products. This can result in our sales in a particular region varying substantially from year to year. Weather conditions can also result in earlier or later plantings and affect the levels of pest infestations, which may affect both the timing and volume of our sales or the product mix. 

In addition, sales of fertilizers in India are typically seasonal due to the monsoon. Farmers tend to apply fertilizers during two short application periods, the two major crop seasons in India, namely _rabi_ and _kharif._ For example, demand for fertilizers is generally higher during the second and third Financial Year quarters and a majority of our product sales take place typically during such quarters. In contrast, as we generally produce our products throughout the year, we build inventories during the low demand periods of the year in order to ensure timely product availability during the peak sales seasons. If seasonal demand exceeds our projections, we may not have enough products and our customers may acquire products from our competitors, which may adversely affect our sales and profitability. If seasonal demand is less than we expect, we may be left with excess inventory that will have to be stored or liquidated. The degree of seasonality in our business can change from year to year due to conditions in the agricultural industry and other factors. As a result of such seasonal fluctuations, our sales, results of operations and cash flows may vary by quarter and may not be relied upon as indicators of the sales, results of operations or cash flows of other quarters, or of our future performance. 

**_3. The fertilizer industry in India is a regulated industry. Any change in Government policies towards the agriculture sector or a reduction in subsidies and incentives provided to farmers could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

We expect that state and central Government policies will continue to affect the money available to farmers to purchase fertilizers. Subsidies provided by the Government of India are still an important point of the business and results of operations of any Indian fertilizer company, including us. Subsidy generated from the Government of India on fertilizers recognized in the Restated Consolidated Financial Information Statement of Profit and Loss as revenue from operations was ₹ 29,415.52 million, ₹ 14,453.91 million, ₹ 13,529.32 million and ₹ 13,475.74 million for the nine months ended December 31, 2021 and the Financial Years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, while subsidy received from the Government of India on fertilizers accounted for 34.39%, 40.12%, 31.16% and 25.95% of our revenue from operations for the nine months ended December 31, 2021 and the Financial Years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Further, the average number of days taken for receipt of such subsidy from the Government of India for such period/years was 59, 60, 108 and 101, respectively. Consequently, any changes in Government policies relating to the agriculture sector such as the reduction of Government expenditure towards agriculture, the withdrawal of or changes in incentives and subsidies provided to farmers, the withdrawal of freight subsidies, export restrictions on crops, adverse changes in commodity prices or minimum support prices could affect the ability of farmers to spend on fertilizers, which in turn could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Further, the Government of India has implemented Direct Benefit Transfer (“ **DBT** ”). Unlike, the DBT for cooking gas wherein customers buy gas cylinders at market price and are later compensated with the subsidy amount by the GoI, in case of fertilisers, in order to transfer the subsidies directly to the manufacturer’s account, the farmers buy fertilizers from retailers at a subsidized rate and the transaction details are recorded on the point of sale (“ **PoS** ”) machines by the retailers. The Government of India, thereafter, pays the subsidy 

28 

amount directly to the manufacturer based on the data uploaded by the retailers. Any instances of errors committed by retailers in logging of transactions or details of our Company’s products through the PoS machines may result in our Company facing a delay in the receipt of the subsidy amount. Such delays of the subsidy amount, including delays as a result of other factors, may result in an increase in the working capital cycle and our Company’s borrowing costs, which in turn may affect our cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_4. We have only one manufacturing facility until the completion of the Goa Transaction. Unplanned slowdowns or shutdowns in our manufacturing facility or underutilization of our manufacturing capacities could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

All our products are manufactured at our facility in Paradeep, Odisha (until the completion of the Goa Transaction), and any shut down of our manufacturing facility, will result in us being unable to manufacture our products for the duration of such shut down. Our inability to effectively respond to any lowdown or shutdown and rectify any disruption, in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, could lead to an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. See “ **_Business – Description of Business – Manufacturing facility_** ” on page 165. 

Our business is dependent upon our ability to efficiently manage our manufacturing facility, which is subject to various operating risks, including productivity of our workforce, power grid failure, compliance with regulatory requirements and circumstances beyond our control, such as the breakdown or failure of equipment, facility obsolescence, labour disputes, or industrial accidents, severe weather conditions, natural disasters and infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic resulting in unplanned slowdowns and/or shutdowns. Any significant malfunction or breakdown of our machinery may entail significant repair and maintenance costs as well. Although we have backup for lower value machinery, this is not always possible for capital intensive machinery, and as such, when such equipment fails, we have and may into the future experience operational downtime. We may also experience loss of, or a decrease in, revenue due to lower production levels. In addition, restarting a production line may involve significant additional cost and time. Further, the capacity utilisation at our manufacturing facility is subject to various factors such as availability of raw materials, power, water, efficient working of machinery and equipment and optimal production planning. We cannot assure you that we will successfully implement new technologies effectively or adapt its systems to emerging industry standards. An inability to utilize our manufacturing facility to its full or optimal capacity, non-utilisation of such capacities or inability to adapt to technological changes could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial conditions. 

Further, any significant social, political or economic disruption, or natural calamities or civil disruptions in the region where our manufacturing facility is located, or changes in the policies of the state or local governments of this region or the Government of India, may require us to suspend our operations, either temporarily or permanently, incur significant capital expenditure and change our business strategy. The occurrence of, or our inability to effectively respond to any such event, or / and the inability to utilise our manufacturing facilities to their full or optimal capacity, non-utilisation of such capacities or inability to adapt to technological changes could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_5. The extent to which the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) affects our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted._** 

<mark>Since the onset of COVID-19, we have recorded positive cases within our business, including for some of our management team, as well as cases within our supply chains. A second wave of COVID-19 beginning in March 2021 was more severe and widespread than the first wave during 2020. This second wave has also resulted in additional lockdowns throughout India. Since then, there have been additional waves of COVID-19, including a recent wave from November 2021 to March 2022. There is uncertainty regarding the duration and long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as possible future responses by the Government of India, which makes it impossible for us to predict with certainty the impact that COVID-19 will have on our business and operations in the future. Impacts that we have observed to our business and operations (as well as to the Goa Facility) since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic include:</mark> 

- **_Plant operations_** – precautions relating to movement and social distancing imposed by district authorities has limited the total workforce we can accommodate within certain parts of our plant operations. We were limited to approximately 75% of our typical workforce because of such precautions 

29 

during the first and second waves of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Goa Facility was affected by the non-availability of workforce which impacted bagging, dispatches, unloading and rake operations. 

- **_Supply chain_** – we have experienced a shortage of labour at many “rake points” (i.e., the destination point for rail cargo) and at all “godowns” (or warehouses) which slowed or temporarily halted our operations. In particular, rake points that depend primarily on migrant labor were most affected as a result of labor relocating home in early May 2020 following the introduction of Shramik trains. Further, bagging, loading and unloading operations as well as cargo handling functions were adversely impacted as parts of our supply chain labor force experienced difficulty accessing villages, had movement restricted and had working hour restrictions imposed by local authorities. In addition, we experienced a reduction in the availability of truck transportation due to trucks being stranded across the country and a shortage of drivers due to mobility constraints. The Goa Facility was affected by the same factors and faced very similar risks in connection with its supply chain. 

- **_Sales and marketing_** – certain state borders were closed by state governments and the closure of the Agricultural Produce Market Committee, as well as bazaars, shops and mandis (agricultural markets) for periods during lockdowns resulted in a significant reduction in the daily direct face-to-face contact of our field force with dealers/retailers/farmers. Such closures also resulted in less fertilizer movement which led to a reduction in PoS sales and the generation of fresh primary sales. The Goa Facility was affected by the same factors and faced very similar risks in connection with its sales and marketing activities. 

In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic may continue to affect our business (including the Goa Facility) in a number of other ways, including but not limited to a complete or partial closure of, or disruptions or restrictions on our ability to conduct manufacturing, sales, marketing and distribution activities; impact our ability to enter into or complete material contracts and transactions; our ability to source key raw materials; non-availability of labour; our inability to access debt and equity capital on acceptable terms or adversely impact our compliance with the covenants in our financing agreements; increased vulnerability to cybersecurity threats and potential breaches; uncertainties as to what conditions must be satisfied before government authorities completely lift lockdown orders; and the potential negative impact on the health of our employees. However, though our results of operations for the Financial Years 2020 and 2021 were affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, we believe the pandemic did not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for such years. 

Events beyond our control may unfold in the future, which makes it difficult for us to predict the impact that COVID-19 will have on us, our financial position, our customers or suppliers in the future. Further, our insurance policies may not provide adequate coverage in circumstances, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. With the second wave of COVID-19 spreading throughout India and lockdowns being implemented periodically to varying degrees by state governments and local administrations regionally, there remains uncertainty relating to the long-term adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Indian economy, as well as the global economy and financial markets, and as a result we are unable to accurately predict the long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. To the extent that the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and operations (including those of the Goa Facility), it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. 

**_6. We intend to acquire the Goa Facility, which has incurred a loss after tax in each of the past three Financial Years and the nine months ended December 31, 2021, and any delay to acquire the Goa Facility or realize the anticipated benefits of this acquisition or any acquisition, joint venture or partnership that we may undertake in the future, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

With a view to (i) increase the size of our Company, with a product portfolio comprising Phosphatic and Nitrogenous fertilizers; and (ii) accessing the markets serviced and products and brand offered by ZACL, on March 1, 2021, our Company entered into a business transfer agreement with ZACL for the purchase of Goa Facility. Upon the completion of the Goa Transaction, our Company will acquire the urea and NPK business of ZACL along with its corresponding distribution network, which is significant because we currently do not have any presence in the Urea segment. The shareholders of our Company (including the Government of India as a shareholder) and the shareholders of ZACL have approved of the Goa Transaction. Further, we have received the approval of the Competition Commission of India, among others, for the Goa Transaction. However, the Goa Transaction is subject to the satisfaction of certain remaining conditions 

30 

precedent, the timeline of which may not be ascertainable at the moment. For instance, the consents required to be obtained from the consortium lenders of ZACL led by the State Bank of India and certain other  lenders of ZACL for transferring the assets of ZACL encumbered in their favour to our Company are pending as such consents are conditional, amongst other things, upon repayment of the entire outstanding amount by ZACL under the facilities availed from these lenders. Further, the consent required from GAIL (India) Limited for, amongst others, transferring the assets of ZACL encumbered in its favour to our Company is also pending, ZACL has however received conditional consents for the Goa Transaction from the above mentioned lenders and GAIL (India) Limited and will receive their consent in satisfaction of the conditions precedent upon repayment of the outstanding facilities in accordance with the applicable conditions. For further details of the key terms of the Goa Transaction, see “ **_History and Certain Corporate Matters – Business Transfer Agreement dated March 1, 2021 among our Company and ZACL as amended by the Addendums to the Business Transfer Agreement dated July 30, 2021 and December 30, 2021_** _”_ on page 223. Although we expect these remaining conditions precedents to be satisfied prior to the completion of the Goa Transaction, we cannot assure you that they will be satisfied and as such whether we will be able to consummate the acquisition in a timely manner as anticipated. Additionally, certain shareholders of ZACL holding 10.69% of its equity share capital have filed a petition dated May 12, 2021 before the NCLT, Mumbai, seeking, amongst other matters, cancellation of the BTA alleging that its terms are oppressive to the minority shareholders of ZACL on the grounds that our Company is closely related to the promoter group of ZACL and accordingly such promoter group will continue to derive the benefits to be accrued from the Goa Facility to the exclusion of the minority shareholders of ZACL. While the petition has not been admitted by the NCLT, Mumbai as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we can provide no assurance that ZACL will be able to obtain a favourable order from the NCLT, Mumbai or any higher appellate court, if in future. The success of this anticipated acquisition or any other acquisition or joint venture that we may undertake in the future will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated growth opportunities and synergies from combining these businesses. Integrating the business of the Goa Facility or another entity into ours is a task that will require substantial time, expense and effort from our management. If the management’s attention is diverted or there are any difficulties associated with integrating these businesses, our ability to realise the potential benefits of participating in the Indian Urea segment, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. In particular, the acquisition of the Goa Facility increases the challenges involved in: 

- Developing and preserving a uniform culture, values and work environment in our operations; 

- Recruiting, training and retaining sufficient skill management and employees; 

- Obtaining any consents or authorizations that may be required in respect of our integrated operations; 

- • Developing and improving our internal administrative infrastructure, including our financial, operational, technology and communications and other internal systems; and 

- Challenges on account of integration of operations of both the businesses. 

Even if we are able to successfully combine the business operations, it may not be possible to realize the full benefits of the integration opportunities, the synergies and other benefits that we currently expect will result from this acquisition, or realize these benefits within the time frame that we currently expect. Further, we may be unable to find suitable companies to acquire, assets to purchase or joint ventures to pursue in the future. Any failure to identify suitable opportunities or to realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisition, joint venture or partnership, in a timely manner, or at all, could have an adverse effect on our business plans and growth opportunities. See “ **_Objects of the Offer_** ” on page 88. For further details on the Goa Facility, see “ **_The Goa Facility_** ” and “ **_Special Purpose Carve-out Financial Statements_** ” on pages 176 and 495, respectively. 

**_7. There are outstanding litigations involving our Company, our Promoters and our Directors. Any adverse outcome in any of these proceedings may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our Company, our Directors and our Promoters are involved in certain outstanding legal proceedings, which are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts and tribunals. A summary of outstanding litigation proceedings involving our Company, our Promoters and Directors, as disclosed in “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_** ” on page 520, in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Materiality Policy, as of the date of th is Red Herring Prospectus is provided below: 

|**Nature of Cases**|**Number of outstanding cases**|**Amount involved***|
|---|---|---|
|**_Litigation involving our Company_**|||



31 

|**Nature of Cases**<br>**Number of ou**|**tstanding cases**|**Amount involved***|
|---|---|---|
|Criminalproceedings<sup>(1)</sup>|71|311.10|
|Material civil litigation<sup>(2)</sup>|54|2,038.87|
|Actions by statutory or regulatory<br>authorities|5|-|
|Direct and indirect taxproceedings|44|3,263.05|
|**_Litigation involving our Promoters_**|||
|Criminalproceedings<sup>(3)</sup>|199|369.64|
|Material civil litigation|3|720.50|
|Actions by statutory or regulatory<br>authorities|1|-|
|Direct and indirect taxproceedings|30|1,506.93|
|**_Litigation involving our Directors_**|||
|Criminalproceedings|3|20|
|Material civil litigation<sup>(4)</sup>|1|-|
|Actions by statutory or regulatory<br>authorities|1|-|
|Direct and indirect taxproceedings|-|-|
|**_Litigation_**<br>**_involving_**<br>**_the_**<br>**_Goa_**<br>**_Facility_**<sup>**_(5)_**</sup>|||
|Material civil litigation|2|203.60|
|Material taxproceedings|9|897.80|
|**_Litigation involving our Group Companies_**|||
|Outstanding litigation which may|1|-|
|have a material impact on our<br>Company|||



> * _To the extent quantifiable; ₹ in million_ 

> _(1) This includes 61 complaints and appeals filed by the Company against various parties, under Section 138 of the Negotiable Instruments Act, 1881_ 

_(2) This includes 43 land acquisition proceedings filed under relevant provisions of the Land Acquisition Act, 1894 where the Company is identified as a party_ 

> _(3) This includes 71 complaints and appeals filed by ZACL against various parties, under Section 138 of the Negotiable Instruments Act, 1881_ 

> _(4) Certain shareholders of ZACL holding 10.69% of its equity share capital have filed a petition dated May 12, 2021 before the NCLT, Mumbai against, amongst others, certain of our Directors as they were also directors on the board of directors of ZACL as on the date of filing the petition, namely, Dipankar Chatterji, Marco Philippus Ardeshir Wadia, Narayanan Suresh Krishnan and Saroj Kumar Poddar. For details, see_ **_“Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments- Litigation filed against our Directors – Materical civil proceedings_** _” on page 526_ 

> _(5) The above mentioned litigation involving the Goa Facility are being transferred to our Company while undertaking acquisition of the Goa Facility, in accordance with the BTA_ 

We cannot assure you that these legal proceedings will be decided in favour of our Company our Directors and our Promoters, as the case may be, or that no further liability will arise out of these proceedings. The amounts claimed in these proceedings have been disclosed to the extent ascertainable and include amounts claimed jointly and severally. For details of our contingent liabilities, see “ **_Summary of the Offer Document – Summary of Contingent Liabilities of our Company_** ” on page 21 . If any new developments arise, such as change in Indian law or rulings against us by appellate courts or tribunals, we may need to make provisions in our Restated Consolidated Financial Information that could increase our expenses and current liabilities. Further, such legal proceedings could divert management time and attention and consume financial resources. Any adverse outcome in any of these proceedings may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_8. We have historically derived a significant portion of our revenues from operations from a limited number of states and any adverse developments in these states could adversely affect our business._** 

We have historically derived a significant portion of our revenues from operations from a limited number of states, namely Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh and Odisha. Excluding amounts from subsidies, such states combined accounted for approximately 50%, 53%, 43% and 43% of our revenue from operations for the nine months ended December 31, 2021 and the Financial Years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. On the same basis and for the same periods, Maharashtra accounted for approximately 26%, 26%, 19% and 9% respectively; Uttar Pradesh accounted for approximately 15%, 13%, 16% and 23% respectively; and Odisha accounted for approximately 10%, 12%, 13% and 13%, respectively, of our revenue from operations. Our revenues from these states may decline as a result of increased competition, regulatory action, pricing 

32 

pressures, fluctuations in the demand for or supply of our products, or the outbreak of an infectious disease such as COVID-19. Our failure to effectively react to these situations or to successfully introduce new products in these states or our inability to effectively manage the competition in these states, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_9. Some of our Promoters are involved in ventures that may operate in similar lines of business as our Company and certain of our Directors are also on the board of directors of, or have interests in, such ventures which are in the same line of business as our Company._** 

ZACL is one of our Promoters and also the promoter of our Group Companies, Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Limited and Zuari Farmhub Limited, which are currently engaged in the business of manufacture of fertilizers. In addition, OCP is one of our Promoters and a majority shareholder of certain of our Group Companies, namely Jorf Fertilizers Company IV and Jorf Fertilizers Company V, which are also currently engaged in the business of manufacture of fertilizers. While there are no conflicts at present, we cannot assure you that no potential conflict of interest may arise. We also cannot assure you that no potential conflict of interest may arise with ZACL and OCP in the future. Further, our Directors, Narayanan Suresh Krishnan and Dipankar Chatterji are also directors on the board of ZACL, and Dipankar Chatterji is a director on the board of Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Limited, while Saroj Kumar Poddar is also a director on the board of ZACL and has interests in an entity that is engaged in a business similar to ours. We cannot assure you that our Directors will not compete in business in which we are already present or will enter into in the future. Such conflicts of interest may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_10. Certain portion of the Net Proceeds are proposed to be paid to one of our Promoters, ZACL._** 

Our Company entered into the BTA with our Promoter, ZACL, for the acquisition of the Goa Facility from our Promoter, as a going concern on a slump sale basis. Our Company intends to utilise ₹ 5,200.00 million from the Net Proceeds towards part financing the acquisition of the Goa Facility. While the enterprise value of the Goa Facility as agreed in the BTA is USD 280 million, equivalent to ₹ 20,523 million as per the terms of BTA, such enterprise value is subject to a number of adjustments for determining the final consideration to be paid by our Company to ZACL. For details in relation to the computation of the purchase consideration, see “ **_Objects of the Offer - Details of the Objects- Valuation, adjustments and computation of purchase consideration_** ” on page 90. However, the exact quantum of the adjustments to the enterprise value will be computed as on the date of the completion date and closing of the Goa transaction, subsequent to listing and trading of shares, subject to the terms of the BTA. 

**_11. If we are unable to obtain or maintain regulatory approvals for our products, we may be unable to sell such products, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

The import, manufacture, storage, marketing and sale of fertilizers and related products require several regulatory approvals such as licenses/letters of authorisation for carrying on the business of selling fertilisers under the Fertilizer (Control) Order, 1985. For details, see “ **_Government and Other Approvals_** _-_ **_Material approvals obtained in relation to our operations_** ” on page 529. We must also renew these authorizations periodically and show that our products meet all requisite regulatory standards, which may have become more stringent and which renewal is not guaranteed. Certain of the approvals obtained by our Company under the Fertilizer (Control) Order, 1985 are expiring within one year from the date of this Red Herring Prospectus and we will be required to apply for their renewal in a timely manner. For details of the expiration of these approvals, see “ **_Government and Other Approvals - Material approvals obtained in relation to our operations_** ” on page 529. Our products continue to be subject to regulatory oversight even after we obtain requisite regulatory or governmental pre-approvals and authorizations. Further, we may be determined to be in contravention of the provisions of the Fertilizer (Control) Order, 1985 by the relevant authority, for instance if a batch of production does not meet the requisite standards, and consequently we may be subject to regulatory action, criminal action and penalties, as may be prescribed. For details, see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and other Matters - Litigation involving our Company_** ” on page 520. 

**_12. Non-compliance with and changes in, safety, health and environmental laws and other applicable regulations, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, we may not be able to renew or maintain our statutory and regulatory permits and approvals required to operate our business._** 

33 

We are subject to laws and government regulations, including in relation to safety, health and environmental protection. For details, see “ **_Key Regulations and Polices_** ” on page 214. These laws and regulations impose controls on air and water discharge, noise levels, storage handling, employee exposure to hazardous substances and other aspects of our manufacturing operations. Further, our products, including the process of manufacture, storage and distribution of such products, are subject to numerous laws and regulations in relation to quality, safety and health. We handle and use hazardous materials such as Ammonia and MOP in our manufacturing activities and the improper handling or storage of these materials could result in accidents, injure our personnel, property and damage the environment. For example, on May 3, 2022 post its shutdown for annual maintenance, an accident occurred at the urea plant at the Goa Facility, presently under the ownership and management of ZACL, which led to three fatalities of workers engaged by an external contractor to carry out certain shutdown related activities. We cannot assure you that this incident may not lead to any potential action and/or claims against ZACL, one of our Promoters or that such accidents may not adversely affect our reputation or occur in the future. Environmental risks associated with our production operations include (i) discharge of Ammonia or toxic gases in the atmosphere; (ii) spillage of Sulphuric acid or Phosphoric acid from tanks or pipelines due to punctures; and (iii) discharge of Gypsum in waterways. 

We obtain the requisite registrations and approvals from time to time and despite efforts to prevent such hazards by training our personnel, conducting industrial hygiene assessments and employing other prescribed safety measures, such measures may not be adequate. Accordingly, the occurrence of any such event or a failure in measures we take to prevent such events in the future could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, laws and regulations may limit the amount of hazardous and pollutant discharge that our manufacturing facility may release into the air and water. The discharge of materials that are chemical in nature or of other hazardous substances into the air, soil or water beyond these limits may cause us to be liable to regulatory bodies or third parties. For example, under the consent to operate dated March 31, 2017, granted to us by the State Pollution Control Board, Odisha, the discharge and emissions from our effluent treatment plant and sewage treatment plant outlets and chimney stacks are permissible only up to a specified limit. In respect of the disposal of effluent, effluent generated from our plant is treated in our effluent treatment plant. As per the Odisha State Pollution Control Board’s regulations, treated water is used in the ball mill of our phosphoric acid plant. We maintain zero liquid discharge during non-monsoon, and we only discharge the treated effluent outside the plant during monsoon periods, and we do so in accordance with the prescribed standards of the Odisha State Pollution Control Board. Any violation of these prescribed conditions and/or standards, could lead to, among other things, revocation of our consent to operate. Any of the foregoing could subject us to litigation, which could lower our profits in the event we were found liable, and could also adversely affect our reputation. Additionally, the Government or the relevant regulatory bodies may require us to shut down our manufacturing plants, which in turn could lead to product shortages that delay or prevent us from fulfilling our obligations to customers. 

We have also made and expect to continue making capital expenditures on an on-going basis to comply with all applicable environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. These laws and regulations have, however, become increasingly stringent and it is possible that they will become significantly more stringent in the future. If we are unable to remain in compliance with all applicable environmental, health and safety laws, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Although we have no reason to believe that such statutory and regulatory permits and approvals will not be granted and/or renewed as and when required, we cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain, renew or obtain any statutory and regulatory permits and approvals in the future, in a timely manner, or that no additional requirement will be imposed in connection with such request. We also cannot assure you that we will timely comply with all our obligation ~~s~~ with governmental agencies, including obtaining the necessary operating permi ~~ts~~ in a timely manner. For example, our registration under the Contract Labour (Abolition and Regulation) Act, 1970 had expired on March 31, 2020 and has been renewed by our Company with effect from April 6, 2022 till March 31, 2023. For further details in relation to approvals which are pending, see “ **_Government and Other Approvals — Material Approvals applied for, but not received_** _”_ on page 530. Certain of the material approvals obtained by our Company in relation to our operations are expiring within one year from the date of this Red Herring Prospectus and we will be required to apply for their renewal in a timely manner. For details of the expiration of these approvals, see “ **_Government and Other Approvals — Material approvals obtained in relation to our operations_** ” on page 529. In the event that we are unable to renew or maintain such statutory permits and approvals or comply with any or all of their applicable terms and conditions, or seek waivers or extensions of time for complying with such terms and conditions, our operations may be interrupted and penalties may be imposed on us by the relevant authorities. 34 

34 

**_13. We may become subject to more stringent labour laws or other industry standards, which may increase our compliance costs and adversely affect our profitability, business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are subject to a number of stringent labour laws in India including the state legislations applicable to the states where our manufacturing facility or operations are located. India has stringent labour legislation that protects the interests of workers, including legislation that sets forth detailed procedures for dispute resolution and employee removal, establishment of unions and legislation that imposes financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment and periodic revisions to minimum wage. Recently, the Government of India enacted the Code on Wages, 2019, the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020 and the Industrial Relations Code, 2020, all of which will be brought into force on a date to be notified by the Central Government. For details, see “ **_Key Regulations and Policies in India_** ” beginning on page 214. These codes propose to subsume several existing laws and regulations in India and we cannot assure you that these codes will not impose more stringent or additional compliance requirements on us, which may increase our compliance costs and adversely affect our profitability. Further, we may be subject to changing judicial interpretation of the relevant statutes, which may adversely affect our cash flows and profitability. For instance, the Supreme Court of India in a recent judgment has upheld the circular dated March 20, 2019 issued by the Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation, which excludes certain allowances from the definition of ‘basic wages’ of the relevant employees for the purposes of determining contribution to provident fund under the EPF Act and while we typically assess the impact of such developments on our operations and expenses, we cannot assure that we will not be adversely affected by such developments in the future. 

**_14. Our inability to expand or effectively manage our distribution network may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We distribute our products across 14 states in India through our network of 11 regional marketing offices and 468 stock points as of March 31, 2022. Our network includes 4,761 dealers and over 67,150 retailers, catering to over five million farmers in India, each as of March 31, 2022. In addition, income from exporting our products (i.e., Gypsum and Sulphuric acid, as applicable) in the nine months ended December 31, 2021 and the Financial Years 2021, 2020 and 2019 was ₹ 165.77 million, ₹ 287.23 million, ₹ 12.89 million and ₹ 49.00 million, respectively, or 0.28%, 0.55%, 0.03% and 0.11% of our total income for the same periods, respectively. Our major export territories are Bangladesh, Nepal and Morocco and their respective share in our total exports for the Financial Year 2022 was 8.79%, nil and nil, respectively; in Financial Year 2021 was 65.15%, 5.37% and 29.48%, respectively; in Financial Year 2020 was nil, 100.00% and nil, respectively; and in Financial Year 2019 was 72.40%, 27.60% and nil, respectively. The acquisition of the Goa Facility is further expected to expand our distribution network domestically (as it does not export any of its product). Our ability to expand and grow our product reach significantly depends on the reach and effective management of our distribution network. We continuously seek to increase the penetration of our products by appointing new dealers and retailers targeted at different customer groups and geographies. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully identify or appoint new dealers and retailers or effectively manage our existing distribution network. Further, there can also be no assurance that our dealers will renew their arrangements with us on current or similar terms, or at all. Our dealers could change their business practices or seek to modify the terms that we have customarily followed with them, including in relation to their payment terms. While we negotiate product prices and payment terms with our dealers, in the event our dealers alter their requirements, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

If the terms offered to such dealers and retailers by our competitors are more favourable than those offered by us, dealers and retailers may decline to distribute our products and terminate their arrangements with us. We may be unable to appoint replacement dealers and retailers in a timely fashion, or at all, which may reduce our sales volumes and adversely affect our results of operations. 

Further, our competitors may have access to a wider base of farmers than us, or have exclusive arrangements with certain dealers and retailers who may be unable to stock and distribute our products, which may limit our ability to expand our distribution network. We typically have non-exclusive arrangements with our dealers and retailers and while we offer them certain incentive schemes to distribute our products, we may not be able to effectively implement them across our distribution network. We may also face disruptions in the delivery of our products for various reasons beyond our control, which could lead to delayed or lost deliveries. In addition, failure to provide dealers and retailers with sufficient inventories of our products may result in a reduction in the sales of our products. If our dealers and retailers fail to distribute our products in 

35 

a timely manner, or adhere to the terms of the distribution agreement, or if our distribution agreements are terminated, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

# **_15. Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale._** 

The proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be paid to the Selling Shareholders. Our Promoters, ZMPPL and Government of India, are selling Equity Shares in the Offer and will receive proceeds as part of the Offer for Sale in proportion of their respective portion of the Offered Shares transferred pursuant to the Offer, Accordingly, our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. 

**_16. We are dependent on a limited number of suppliers to supply our key raw materials and any delay, interruption or reduction in the supply of raw materials to manufacture our products may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We depend on third-party vendors and suppliers for the purchase of raw materials. We depend on OCP, Indo Maroc Phosphore S.A. Morocco, Phosphates De Boucraa S.A. and Jorf Fertiliser S.A. for the procurement of our most important raw material by value, Phosphate Rock and Phosphoric acid. For instance, for the nine months ended December 31, 2021 and the Financial Years 2021, 2020 and 2019, we purchased from OCP, Indo Maroc Phosphore S.A. Morocco, Phosphates De Boucraa S.A. and Jorf Fertiliser S.A. an aggreagate of ₹ 13,341.64 million, ₹ 2,303.12 million, ₹ 3,941.68 million and ₹ 2,363.83 milion worth of Phosphate Rock, respectively, and ₹ 13,387.22 million, ₹ 3,377.94 million, ₹ 1,547.06 million and ₹ 4,437.68 million worth of Phosphoric Acid, respectively. We also depend on a Qatar state owned chemical and petrochemical marketing and distribution company and a large Indian fertilizer company that trades, sells, markets and supplies critical raw materials to India, for the procurement of Ammonia. We utilize a Government owned oil and gas corporation for the procurement of Sulphur. We are dependent on these suppliers for a stable supply of raw materials. In addition, the Goa Facility requires regasified liquefied natural gas (“ **RLNG** ”) for the production of ammonia and urea and also as a fuel for the manufacture of fertilizer. As such, ZACL has entered into a 15-year term gas sale agreement with a Government enterprise for purchase of RLNG and is dependent on this supplier for an uninterrupted supply of RLNG. For further details of the RLNG agreement, see “ **_The Goa Facility – Description of The Goa Facility’s Business – Raw Materials – RLNG_** _”_ on page 180. We cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain raw material meeting the specified quality specifications on commercially acceptable terms or that our suppliers will perform as expected. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to obtain adequate supplies of our raw materials, in a timely manner, in the future. 

Further, some of our contractual arrangements are required to be renewed or extended on a periodic basis. If our contractual arrangements with such suppliers expire or terminate, or if we fail to (i) receive the quality of raw materials that we require, (ii) negotiate appropriate financial terms, (iii) obtain adequate supply of raw materials in a timely manner, or if our principal suppliers discontinue the supply of such raw materials, or were to experience business disruptions or become insolvent, we cannot assure you that we will be able to find alternate sources for the procurement of raw materials in a timely manner or at all. Moreover, in the event that either our demand increases or our suppliers experience a scarcity of resources, our suppliers may be unable to meet our demand for raw materials. In addition, prices for these raw materials fluctuate and while we seek to manage this exposure, we may not be successful in mitigating these risks. Any such reductions or interruptions in the supply of raw materials, and any inability on our part to find alternate sources for the procurement of such raw materials, may have an adverse effect on our ability to manufacture our products in a timely or cost-effective manner. Our cost of raw materials consumed as disclosed in the Restated Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss comprised 69.11%, 47.02%, 55.29% and 68.69% of our total expenses, for the nine months ended December 31, 2021 and the Financial Years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Rock Phosphates accounted for 26.94%, 41.34%, 37.91% and 33.04% of our total cost of raw materials consumed in the nine months ended December 31, 2021 and the Financial Years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, while Phosphoric Acid accounted for 30.40%, 23.77%, 26.20% and 27.27% of our total cost of raw materials consumed for the same periods, respectively. Further, imported raw materials consumed accounted for 97.31%, 97.70%, 97.99% and 98.19% of our total cost of raw materials consumed in the nine months ended December 31, 2021 and the Financial Years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, with Molten Sulphur being the only raw material that is sourced domestically. In addition, for the nine months ended December 31, 2021 and the Financial Year 2021, Morocco, Qatar, Iran, Saudi Arabia and Belarus accounted for approximately 59%, 12%, 6%,  5% and 2%, and 63%, 10%, 9%, 5% and 4%, respectively, of our total imports on a landed cost basis. The occurrence of any such event may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

36 

In addition, our dependence on foreign suppliers subject us to a variety of risks and uncertainties. The political and economic instability in the countries in which the foreign suppliers are located, the financial instability of the suppliers, labour problems experienced by suppliers, disruption in the transportation of the raw materials by the suppliers, including as a result of labour slowdowns, currency exchange rates, transport availability and cost, transport security, inflation and other operational factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located are beyond our control. 

Further, we also source raw materials such as Ammonia and Sulphur on a spot basis, while the Goa Facility purchases MOP on a spot basis, in each case to fill any gaps in the requirements based on the production needs for quality and quantity. This may expose us to volatility in the prices of raw materials that we require and we may be unable to pass these costs to our customers, which may reduce our profit margins. 

**_17. Our inability to accurately forecast demand for our fertilizers and manage our inventory may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business depends on our estimate of the long-term demand for our fertilizers. Our inventory levels in relation to our raw materials and products are primarily based on forecasts and requirements predicted by our sales team in consultation with our distribution channel. While we forecast the demand for our fertilizers and accordingly plan our production volumes, any error in our forecast could result in surplus stock, which may not be sold in a timely manner. Our inventory days for the Financial Years 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 14 days, 26 days and 59 days, respectively. If we underestimate demand or have inadequate capacity due to which we are unable to meet the demand for our fertilizers, we may manufacture fewer quantities of fertilizers than required, which could result in the loss of business. At times when we have overestimated demand, we may have incurred costs to build capacity or purchased more raw materials and manufactured more fertilizers than required. For example, in Financial Year 2019, our internal auditors highlighted that our unplanned procurement of raw material resulted in blockage of working capital. Our inability to accurately forecast demand for our fertilizers and manage our inventory may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_18. A shortage or non-availability of electricity, water, fuel or RLNG or an increase in fuel prices may adversely affect our production operations and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial conditions._** 

Our manufacturing facility requires a significant amount and continuous supply of electricity, fuel and water and any shortage or non-availability may adversely affect our operations. We primarily source electricity from our captive power plants, and primarily source water for our manufacturing facility from the Department of water resources (Government of Odisha). We also require furnace oil and high speed diesel as fuels for our manufacturing process and in respect of the Goa Facility, would require RLNG for the production of ammonia and urea and also as a fuel for the manufacture of complex fertilizers. Further, some of our raw materials are required to be stored at specific temperatures, supported by continuous supply of electricity. If the supply of electricity, water, fuel and RLNG is not available or the supply is interrupted for any reason, we may need to rely on alternative sources which may not be able to consistently meet our requirements. The cost of purchasing electricity, water, fuels or RLNG from alternative sources could be significantly higher, thereby adversely affecting our cost of production and profitability. Although we have a total of 55 MW of available power (comprising two captive power plants of 16 MW each, designed to run on the excess steam generated from our Sulphuric acid production plant; and a 23 MW power plant), and the Goa Facility has a captive steam turbine generator and captive diesel generator, we cannot assure you that the captive power plants will be able to generate an adequate supply of electricity during power failures. Any failure on our part to obtain alternate sources of electricity, fuel or water, in a timely fashion, and at an acceptable cost, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_19. Our business depends on our strong and trusted brands and trademarks and may not be adequately protected against third party infringement._** 



We have obtained registration for our logo “ ” which forms part of our corporate logo and certain other trademarks in relation to our fertilizers such as “ _Navratna 10:26:26”, “Navratna M.O.P” and “Navaratna 12:32:16”_ under class 1 under the Trade Marks Act, 1999. Further, we have applied for registration of certain trademarks in relation to our fertilizers, such as “ _Navratna – D.A.P_ ”, “ _Navratna 20:20:0:13_ ” _and Navratna 15:15:15:09”_ which are currently opposed/objected by third parties. We cannot assure you that we will be granted the registration for such trademarks and logos and until such time any infringement of 

37 

such mark may adversely affect our business. In addition, the _Jai Kisaan_ and _Mangala_ trademarks, under which our fertilizers are marketed are not owned by us. Further, ZACL is the registered owner of certain trademarks including ‘ _Jai Kisaan_ ’ in various classes. We have entered into a trademark license agreement dated April 1, 2021 with ZACL (“ **ZACL License Agreement** ”) for the license to use trademark ‘ _Jai Kisaan_ ’ for a period of three years and we are required to pay an agreed percentage of gross contribution to be calculated in terms of the ZACL License Agreement. In addition, our Group Company, Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Limited (“ **MCFL** ”), owns the trademark “ _Mangala_ ”. We have entered into a trademark license agreement dated April 7, 2021 with MCFL (“ **Mangala License Agreement** ”) for the license to use trademark ‘ _Mangala’_ for a period of three years and we are required to pay an agreed percentage of gross contribution to be calculated in terms of the Mangala License Agreement. We cannot assure you that we will continue to have the uninterrupted use and enjoyment of these trademarks or logos and our other intellectual property rights. For instance, the licence agreements for “ _Jai Kisaan_ ” and “ _Mangala_ ” can be terminated by either party without any cause, with a notice in advance of three months. Further, we cannot assure you that we will be able to renew ZACL Licence Agreement or the Mangala Licence Agreement or the royalty payments under these licence agreements will not be materially increased or that we will be able to pass on any such increase in royalty expenses to our customers. We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights against third party infringement and unauthorised use of our intellectual property including our brand on products which are not manufactured by us and which are of inferior quality, and which may adversely affect our brand value and consequently our business. The use of trade names or trademarks by third parties which are similar to our trade names or trademarks may result in confusion among customers and loss of business. In addition, any adverse experience of customers of such third-party products, or negative publicity attracted by such third-party products could adversely affect our reputation, brand and business. 

We may also be susceptible to claims from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims relating to trademarks and brands under which we sell our products. Any such claim could adversely affect our relationship with existing or potential customers, result in costly litigation and divert management’s attention and resources. An adverse ruling arising out of any intellectual property dispute could subject us to liability for damages and could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_20. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and will continue to do so in the future and we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favourable terms if such transactions had not been entered into with related parties._** 

We have in the past entered into transactions with certain of our related parties. For details, see “ **_Restated Consolidated Financial Statements - Related Party Transactions_** ” on page 304. While we believe that all such related party transactions that we have entered into are conducted on an arms’ length basis in accordance with the Companies Act and other applicable regulations pertaining to the evaluation and approval of such transactions and all related party transactions that we may enter into post-listing, will be subject to board or shareholder approval, as necessary under the Companies Act, in the interest of the Company and its minority shareholders and in compliance with the Listing Regulations. Further, although we expect such transactions between us and ZACL to reduce in number (upon completion of the Goa Transaction), it is likely that we may continue to enter into such related party transactions or others in the future. We cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

**_21. The Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus may not accurately reflect our future financial condition, results of operations and business._** 

This Red Herring Prospectus contains the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information as at and for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2021 and the nine months ended December 31, 2021 to give a proforma effect to the Goa Transaction and the Offer. The Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information has been prepared to show retroactively the impact of the Goa Transaction and the Offer on the unaudited proforma condensed combined balance sheet as if such transactions had taken place on March 31, 2021 and the effect on the unaudited proforma condensed combined statement of profit and loss for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2021, as if such transactions had taken place from April 1, 2020. 

As this pro forma financial information is prepared for illustrative purposes only, it by its nature, may not give an accurate picture of the actual financial condition and results of operations that would have occurred had such transactions by us been effected on the dates they are assumed to have been effected in the 

38 

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information. Although the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information has been prepared using the principles as prescribed under Ind AS 103 "Business Combinations", such information has not been prepared in accordance with accounting standards and practices generally accepted in jurisdictions other than India, (for instance Regulation S-X under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended) and accordingly should not be relied upon as if it had been prepared in accordance with such principles and standards. If the various assumptions underlying the preparation of the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information do not come to pass, our actual results could be materially different from those indicated in the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information. Further, in connection with the Goa Transaction, in compliance with regulations applicable to us, we may incur certain costs, which could also cause such Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information to not be reflective of our future performance. 

# **_22. The Special Purpose Carve-out Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus may not accurately reflect the financial condition, results of operations and business of the Goa Facility._** 

This Red Herring Prospectus contains Special Purpose Carve-out Financial Statements for the Goa Facility as at and for the nine months ended December 31, 2021 and the Financial Years ended March 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019. Although the Special Purpose Carve-out Financial Statements were prepared in accordance with recognition and measurement principles under Ind AS notified under the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 (as amended), the presentation requirements of Division II of Schedule III of the Companies Act 2013, and the Guidance Note on Combined and Carved Out Financial Statements issued by the ICAI, such financial statements may not accurately reflect what the Goa Facility’s financial position and financial performance would have been had the Goa Facility operated as an independent, standalone company. Further, the information may not be representative of the financial position and financial performance which may prevail after the transaction. Further, these Special Purpose Carve-out Financial Statements may not include all the actual expenses that would have been incurred had the carveout business operated as a standalone company during the periods presented and may not reflect the financial position and financial performance had it operated as a standalone company during such periods. Actual costs that would have been incurred if carve-out business had operated as a standalone company would depend on multiple factors, including organizational structure, capital structure, strategic and tactical decisions made in various areas, including information technology and infrastructure, and accordingly the Special Purpose Carve-out Financial Statements may differ materially from the Goa Facility’s actual financial condition and results of operation. 

# **_23. We have certain contingent liabilities, which, if materialized, may adversely affect our financial condition._** 

As of December 31, 2021, our contingent liabilities (to the extent provided for) as per “ **_Annexure VI – Notes to the Restated Consolidated Financial information – Note 29 – Contingent Liabilities_** ” on page 296 were as follows: 

||_(₹ in million)_<br>|
|---|---|
|**Matters**|**As of December 31, 2021**|
|Subsidy withheld|535.21|
|Goods and services tax demand|199.99|
|Entry tax demand on imported raw materials including interest and penalty|290.94|
|Sales tax/VAT/CST demands|1,058.94|
|Central excise demands for March 2011|23.41|
|Service tax demand|13.46|
|Custom duty and countervailing duty|11.00|
|Income taxdemands|33.73|
|Demand towards contribution to Water Conservation Fund|232.25|
|Otherclaims against the Companynot acknowledged as debt|305.23|



We have not made provisions for the above contingent liabilities, as they are either possible obligations whose existence will be confirmed only by future uncertain events outside the control of our Company, or are present obligations where the outflow of economic resources may not be probable or cannot be measured reliably. 

If a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

39 

**_24. Our Statutory Auditor, the Current Statutory Auditor of the Goa Facility and the Previous Statutory Auditor of the Goa Facility have included an emphasis of matter paragraph and a material uncertainty related to going concern in their respective auditors’ reports on certain financial statements as of and for the nine months ended December 31, 2021 and  the Financial Years ended March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019, as applicable._** 

   - Our Statutory Auditor has included an emphasis of matter in their report on our financial statements as of and for the Financial Year ended March 31, 2020 which describes receivables as at March 31, 2020, which includes an amount of ₹ 3,693.74 million outstanding from ZACL, our management’s plan for settlement of its dues with ZACL and that they consider such amount to be recoverable. For further details see “ **_Restated Consolidated Financial Information_** ” on page 264 . 

   - The Current Statutory Auditors of the Goa Facility has included emphasis of matters in their report on the carve-out financial statements as of and for the nine months ended December 31, 2021, and the Previous Statutory Auditors of the Goa Facility hasincluded emphasis of matters in their report on the carve-out financial statements as of and for the Financial Years ended March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 indicating that: (i) the special purpose carve-out financial statements are prepared for the purpose as described in such financial statements and may not be suitable for another purpose; (ii) the transfer related to the Goa Transaction is subject to the satisfaction of conditions precedent as stipulated in the BTA. Pending receipt of certain approvals no adjustments to carrying value of assets and liabilities have been made that may arise in case such approvals are not received; (iii) the management team’s assessment of the impact of the uncertainties related to outbreak of COVID-19 on the future business operations of the fertilizer division; (iv) the Recoverability of GST credit on input services recognized by ZACL in respect of its fertilizer division is based on its assessment and on a legal opinion obtained by ZACL; and (v) Recoverability of subsidy income accrued during the year ended March 31, 2013 by the fertilizer division of ZACL for which a provision has not been considered. 

   - The Current Statutory Auditors and Previous Statutory Auditors of the Special Purpose Carve-out Financial Statements has included material uncertainty to indicate that in addition to a net current liability position, there are events or conditions which indicate that a material uncertainty exists that may cast significant doubt on the fertilizer division of ZACL and its ability to continue as a going concern. It also describes mitigating factors considered by the management in its assessment, in view of which the Special Purpose Carve-out Financial Statements have been prepared under the going concern assumption. For further details see the Special Purpose Carve-out Financial Statements under “ **_Restated Consolidated Financial Information_** ” on page 264 . 

There can be no assurance that any similar material uncertainties, remarks or matters of emphasis will not form part of the audit reports on our financial statements for future fiscal periods, or that such remarks will not affect our financial results in future fiscal periods. Investors should consider these material uncertainties, remarks and matters of emphasis in evaluating our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any such material uncertainties, remarks or matters of emphasis in the auditors’ report on our financial statements in the future may also adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_25. We have had negative cash flows in the past and may continue to have negative cash flows in the future._** 

We had negative cash flows for the nine months ended December 31, 2021 and the Financial Years 2020 and 2019 as set out below: 

||||_(_|_₹ in million)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Nine months**<br>**ended**<br>**December 31,**<br>**2021**|**For t**<br>**2021**|**he Financial Y**<br>**2020**|**ear**<br>**2019**|
|Net cash generated from / (used in) operating activities|1,354.80|15,011.48|12,697.36|(9,204.48)|
|Net cash used in investing activities|(11,537.21)|(2,893.25)|(1,431.63)|(1,031.78)|
|Net cashgenerated from /(used in)financingactivities|9,520.28|(11,243.84)|(11,412.27)|10,184.49|
|**Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents**|**(662.13)**|**874.39**|**(146.54)**|**(51.77)**|



40 

For further details, see “ **_Restated Consolidated Financial Statements”_** _and_ **_“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_** ” on pages 264 and 495, respectively. We cannot assure you that our net cash flows will be positive in the future. 

**_26. Our operations depend on the availability of timely and cost-efficient transportation and other logistic facilities for the delivery of raw materials to our manufacturing facility and for the delivery of finished products to our distributors, retailers and farmers and any prolonged disruption may adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

We typically rely on third party transportation providers and engage carrying and forwarding agents to supply most of our raw materials and to deliver products to our customers. Our operations depend on the timely transport of raw materials to our manufacturing facility and of our products to distributors, retailers and farmers. We use a combination of land and ocean transport for such purposes, which are subject to various bottlenecks and other hazards beyond our control, including customs, weather, strikes or civil disruptions. Further, we cannot guarantee that our insurance will cover loss in such circumstances, as well as where raw materials are delayed or damaged during transit. Continuing increases in transportation costs may also have an adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. We incur transportation costs in connection with Molten Sulphur only, and in the nine months ended December 31, 2021 and the Financial Years 2021, 2020 and 2019, such costs were ₹ 23.42 million, ₹ 27.77 million, ₹ 31.24 million and ₹ 17.98 million, constituting 0.06%, 0.12%, 0.14% and 0.06% of our cost of raw materials consumed, and constituting 0.04%, 0.05%, 0.07% and 0.04% of our revenue from operations, respectively.  Further, strikes by members of various transportation worker unions could have an adverse effect on our receipt of supplies and our ability to deliver our finished products. In addition, our unionized workforce are primarily associated with bagging unit, which is part of the final link in the plant supply chain and as such, any strike by members has and is likely in the future to lead to adverse operational outcomes. Any failure to maintain a continuous supply of raw materials or to deliver our products to our distributers, retailers and farmers in an efficient and reliable manner could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

**_27. Our inability to introduce new fertilizers and respond to changing customer preferences in a timely and effective manner, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The success of our business depends upon our ability to anticipate and identify changes in the preferences of farmers and offer them fertilizers that they require, on a timely basis. Although changes in the preferences of farmers has historically been limited, and although we seek to identify such trends, we cannot assure you that our fertilizers would gain consumer acceptance or that we will be able to successfully compete in such segments. In order to remain competitive, we must develop, test and manufacture new fertilizers, which must meet regulatory standards and receive requisite regulatory approvals. 

It is often difficult to estimate the time to market new products and there is a risk that we may have to abandon a potential product that is no longer commercially viable, even after we have invested resources in the development of such product. If we fail to successfully introduce new fertilizers our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

**_28. The fertilizers and related products industry is intensely competitive and our inability to compete effectively may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The fertilizers and related products industry is highly competitive with several major companies present, and therefore it is challenging to maintain or improve market share and profitability. Many of our competitors may have greater financial, manufacturing, marketing and other resources, more experience in obtaining regulatory approvals, greater geographic reach, broader product ranges or a stronger sales force. According to CRISIL, for the nine months ended December 31, 2021, we were the third largest entity in the non-urea fertilizer segment in India in terms of production volume among peers considered (i.e., approximately 9% market share). See chart titled “Non-urea production volume of major players (Nine months ended December 31, 2021)” in “ **_Industry Overview — Assessment of competition in fertilizer industry in India — Key operational parameters of major players_** ” on page 141. Further, according to the Government of India’s online Mobile fertilizer and management system (“ **mFMS** ”), for the Financial Year 2022 and the Financial Year 2021 we had 9.18%, 4.40% and 1.02%, and 7.6%, 3.8% and 4.2%, of market share on a total Indian primary sales basis for DAP, NPK and MOP, respectively. Our competitors may succeed in developing products that are more effective, popular or cheaper than ours, which may render our 

41 

products uncompetitive and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, some of our competitors, which include major multinational corporations, may consolidate and integrate their operations, and the strength of combined companies could affect our competitive position. Consolidated corporations may have greater financial, manufacturing, marketing and other resources, broader product ranges and larger, stronger sales forces, which may make them more competitive than us. Further, certain of our Group Companies, such as Mangalore Chemicals, JFC IV, JFC V and Zuari Farmhub Limited manufacture and sell fertilizers that are the same or similar to ours and are accordingly an alternative for customers. Additionally, if one of our competitors or their customers acquire any of our customers or suppliers, we may lose business from the customer or lose a supplier of a critical raw material or component. Any failure by us to compete effectively, including in terms of pricing or providing quality products, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_29. Competition from organic farming, bio fertilizers and water soluble fertilizers and any related increased usage and acceptance may reduce demand for our fertilisers._** 

Organic farming has increased in recent years, which discourages the use of mineral fertilizers. Organic farming has been growing due to: (i) the Government of India, through its National Mission for Sustainable Agriculture, facilitating the adoption of such concepts, issuing related guidelines and providing agricultural subsidies; and (ii) consumer pressure related to pesticides, food scares, health and environment and animal welfare. Organic farming generally utilizes manure or other organic materials in combination to improve soil quality naturally. While limited use of some fertilizers of low solubility is permitted under applicable guidelines, some are prohibited in organic farming. Increased competition from organic farming (as well as bio fertilizers and water soluble fertilizers) may result in the reduction of demand, or lower growth in demand, for our fertilizers. In addition, a number of geographies in which we operate are considering restricting the use and application of "inorganic fertilizers", due to concerns with respect to the impact of these products on the environment. As a result, the demand for nitrogen and phosphate products, such as NPK fertilizers, may decline over time. A decrease in demand due to the ongoing shift to organic farming, bio fertilizers and water soluble fertilizers or regulatory changes with respect to chemical fertilizers could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

**_30. Changes in technology may render our current technologies obsolete or require us to incur substantial capital expenditure._** 

Our industry is subject to change due to technological advances and scientific discoveries. These changes may result in the introduction of new products and significant price competition. If our technologies become obsolete, and we are unable to effectively introduce new products, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Although we strive to keep our technology, facilities and machinery current with the latest standards such as through our use of the SAP S/4HANA integrated ERP analytic business solution, the technologies, facilities and machinery we currently employ may become less competitive or even obsolete due to advancement in technology or changes in market demand, which may require us to incur substantial capital expenditure. The cost of implementing new technologies and upgrading our manufacturing facility could be significant. If our competitors introduce superior technology and we cannot make enhancements to ours to remain competitive, either because we do not have the resources to continually improve our technology by adequately investing in R&D or for any other reason, our competitive position, and in turn our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_31. Our management team and other key personnel are critical to our continued success and the loss of such personnel could adversely affect our business._** 

Our success significantly depends upon the continued service of our management team and other key personnel and our ability to retain and attract qualified individuals is critical to our success. Certain of our Directors have extensive experience in the fertilizer sector. These executives possess technical and business capabilities that may be difficult to replace. Competition for individuals with specialized knowledge and experience is intense in our industry. If we lose the services of such members, we may be unable to locate suitable or qualified replacements, and may incur additional expenses to recruit and train new personnel, which could adversely affect our business operations. Further, as we expect to continue to expand our operations and acquire assets, we will need to continue to attract and retain experienced management personnel. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, our results of operations may be adversely affected. 

**_32. We face foreign exchange risks that could adversely affect our results of operations._** 

42 

We are exposed to foreign exchange risks since our business is dependent on imports entailing large foreign exchange transactions, in currencies including the U.S. Dollar and Euro. In addition, our future capital expenditures, including any imported equipment and machinery, may be denominated in foreign currencies. For details of a sensitivity analysis for a change in foreign currency rates, see “ **_Restated Consolidated Financial Statements – Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Note 35 – Market Risk – Foreign Currency Risk_** ”, on page 309. Although we closely follow our exposure to foreign currencies and selectively enter into hedging transactions in accordance with our Foreign Exchange Risk Management Policy in an attempt to reduce the risks of currency fluctuations, these activities are not always sufficient to protect us against incurring potential losses if currencies fluctuate significantly. In addition, the policies of the RBI may also change from time to time, which may limit our ability to effectively hedge our foreign currency exposures and may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. 

**_33. We are susceptible to product liability claims that may not be covered by insurance, which may require substantial expenditure and may adversely affect our reputation and if successful, could require us to pay substantial sums._** 

The products that we manufacture or process are subject to risks such as contamination, adulteration and product tampering during their manufacture, transport or storage. Our business exposes us to potential product liability claims, and the severity and timing of such claims are unpredictable. We face the risk of loss resulting from, and the adverse publicity associated with, product liability lawsuits, whether or not such claims are valid. While our products are researched before being commercialized, are approved under the Fertilizer Control Order, 1985 (“ **1985 Order** ”) and we obtain and maintain quality certifications and accreditations from independent certification entities and also comply with prescribed specifications and standards of quality approved by the Government in connection with the products we manufacture, if we fail to comply with the applicable quality standards or if the relevant accreditation institute or agency declines to certify our products, or if we are otherwise unable to obtain such quality accreditations in the future, in a timely manner or at all, it may give rise to product liability claims which may adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. While there have not been any material product liability claims in the three Financial Years immediately preceding the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we are subject to actions by the relevant regulatory authorities under the 1985 Order from time to time. For details see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ –** **_Litigation involving our Company_** ” on page 520. We may also be subject to claims resulting from manufacturing defects or negligence in storage or handling, which may lead to the deterioration of our products, or from defects arising from deterioration in our quality controls. For example, although we extensively test our raw material Sulphur, there could still be some deviation from prescribed quality standards due to factors such as human error. Further, certain of our other raw material such as Ammonia and products such as MOP are required to be stored and handled carefully and under certain safety conditions. Product liability claims, regardless of their merits or the ultimate success of the defense against them, are expensive. Even unsuccessful product liability claims would likely require us to incur substantial amounts on litigation, divert our management’s time, adversely affect our goodwill and impair the marketability of our products. Although we have obtained product liability coverage, if any product liability claim sustained against exceeds the policy limits, it could harm our business and financial condition. We may also experience a product recall. Any product recall, product liability claim or adverse regulatory action may adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

A successful product liability claim that is excluded from coverage or exceeds our policy limits may require us to pay substantial sums and may adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. In addition, insurance coverage for product liability may become prohibitively expensive in the future. As a result, it is possible that, in the future, we may not be able to obtain the type and amount of coverage we desire at an acceptable price and self-insurance may become the sole commercially reasonable means available for managing the product liability risks of our business. 

**_34. The availability of counterfeit products passed off by others as our products, could adversely affect our reputation, goodwill and results of operations._** 

Entities in India could pass off their own products as ours, including counterfeit or pirated products. For example, certain entities could imitate our brand names, packaging materials or attempt to create look-alike products. As a result, our market share could be reduced due to replacement of demand for our products and adversely affect our goodwill. The proliferation of unauthorized copies of our products, and the time and attention lost to defending claims and complaints about spurious products, could decrease our revenue and 

43 

have an adverse effect on our reputation, goodwill and results of operations. 

**_35. Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or adequate to protect us against all material hazards, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We could be held liable for accidents that occur at our manufacturing facility or otherwise arising out of our operations. In the event of personal injuries, fires or other accidents suffered by our employees or other people, we could face claims alleging that we were negligent, provided inadequate supervision or be otherwise liable for the injuries. Our principal types of coverage include all risk insurance policy, electronic equipment insurance policy, standard fire and special perils policy – floater declaration policy, marine sales turnover policy, machinery breakdown insurance policy, property damage and business interruption policy, fire-mega risk policy, money insurance policy, liability insurance policy, standalone terrorism – fire insurance policy, burglary, fidelity guarantee and directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policy. Further, as of December 31, 2021, we carried insurance in an amount exceeding 100% of the value of our total assets. 

While we believe that the insurance coverage which we maintain would be reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our business, we cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honored fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. As of March 31, 2022, we had insured ₹38,512.89 million of our total assets, which constituted 247.00% of the written down value of our total assets. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time and we may not be able to renew our policies in a timely manner, or at acceptable cost. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage, for which we have not obtained or maintained insurance, or which is not covered by insurance, which exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

**_36. We may be affected by strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees that could interfere with our operations._** 

As of March 31, 2022, we had 905 employees, in addition to contractual labour. Our workforce is likely to substantially increase after the completion of the acquisition of the Goa Facility. The success of our operations depends on availability of labour and maintaining good relationship with our workforce. Our employee attrition rates for the Financial Years 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 3.98%, 3.85% and 3.82%, while employee attrition rates at the Goa Facility were 7.21%, 12.39%, and 14.97%, respectively, for the same periods. We also have unionized labour at our manufacturing facility at Paradeep, along with the Goa Facility _._ We cannot assure you that our relations with our employees shall remain cordial at all times and that employees will not undertake or participate in strikes, work stoppages or other industrial actions in the future. Any labour disruptions may adversely affect our manufacturing operations, increasing our cost of production or even halting a portion of our production. Since these disruptions are difficult to predict or control, they may also cause us to miss sales commitments, hurt our relationships with customers and disrupt our supply chain, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_37. If we are unable to raise additional capital, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected._** 

We will continue to incur significant expenditure in upgrading and growing our existing infrastructure. We cannot assure you that we will have sufficient capital resources for all of our current operations or any future expansion plans that we may have. While we expect our cash on hand and cash flow from operations to be adequate to fund our existing commitments, our ability to incur any future borrowings is dependent upon the success of our operations. Our ability to arrange financing and the costs of capital of such financing are dependent on numerous factors, including general economic and capital market conditions and the effect of events such as the COVID-19 pandemic, credit availability from banks, investor confidence, the continued success of our operations and laws that are conducive to our raising capital in this manner. Any unfavourable change to terms of borrowings may adversely affect our cash flows, results of operations and financial conditions. If we decide to meet our capital requirements through debt financing, we may be subject to certain restrictive covenants and may have to grant security interests over certain of our assets. If we are unable to raise adequate capital in a timely manner and on acceptable terms, or at all, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

**_38. Our ability to access capital at attractive costs depends on our credit ratings. Non-availability of credit ratings or a poor rating may restrict our access to capital and thereby adversely affect our business and_** 

44 

# **_results of operations._** 

The cost and availability of capital, among other factors, depend on our credit rating. Our line of credit has been rated ICRA A (long term rating) and ICRA A1 (short term rating), both with an outlook of watch with negative implications. Our credit rating reflects, among other things, the rating agency’s opinion of our financial strength, operating performance, strategic position, and ability to meet our obligations. Our inability to obtain such credit rating in a timely manner or any non-availability of credit ratings, or poor ratings, or any downgrade in our ratings may increase borrowing costs and constrain our access to capital and lending markets and, as a result, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, non-availability of credit ratings could increase the possibility of additional terms and conditions being added to any new or replacement financing arrangements. 

**_39. Certain of our trade receivables are pending beyond the general terms of receipt. Any inability to receive full payment may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our trade receivables mainly consist of subsidy receivable from the Government of India, as well as market receivables from customers. As of December 31, 2021 and March 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, our disputed trade receivables which have significant increase in credit risk were ₹ 274.32 million, ₹ 235.39 million, ₹ 204.01 million and ₹ 172.72 million, constituting 1.45%, 1.98%, 0.94% and 0.74% of our total trade receivables, respectively. We extend credit to customers in the normal course of business, and our general terms of receipt are up to three years. As of December 31, 2021, our outstanding trade receivables for more than three years from due date of payment comprising of undisputed trade receivables- considered good, disputed trade receivables- considered good and disputed trade receivables which have significant increase in credit risk was ₹ 4,050.13 million, constituting 21.43% of our total trade receivables. Such trade receivables consisted of undisputed trade receivables- considered good, disputed trade receivablesconsidered good and disputed trade receivables which have significant increase in credit risk of ₹ 3,351.54 million, ₹ 535.95 million and ₹ 162.64 million, respectively. Our loss allowance was ₹ 388.19 million, as of December 31, 2021. For further details of our trade receivables, see “ **_Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Notes to the Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note 8: Trade Receivables_** ” on page 285. While we regularly monitor outstanding customer receivables, we cannot assure you that such trade receivables will not be classified as bad debts in the future. If such delays in payments of trade receivables continue or increase in proportion to our total revenues, our profits margins could be adversely affected. 

**_40. Harmful effects of fertilizer overuse on soil fertility may adversely impact the fertilizer industry or our operations and markets._** 

Chemical fertilizers may cause acidification of the soil due to decrease in organic matter and mineral depletion of the soil, particularly when overuse occurs. Sandy soils are more prone to soil acidification than clay soils as clay soils have an ability to buffer the effects of excess chemical fertilization. Further, nitrogen applied to crops in large quantities over time can damage topsoil, resulting in reduced crop yields. Soil crumbs result from the combination of humus, or decomposed natural material such as dead leaves, with clay and such mineral rich soil crumbs are essential to soil drainage and greatly improve air circulation in the soil. As the chemicals in the chemical fertilizers destroy soil crumbs, the result is a highly compacted soil with reduced drainage and air circulation. In addition, the synthetic chemicals in the chemical fertilizers can adversely affect the health of naturally found soil micro-organisms by affecting the soil pH. These altered levels of acidity in the soil typically eliminate the micro-organisms beneficial to plant and soil health as they help to increase the plants' natural defences against pests and diseases. The use of chemical fertilizers and their overuse also jeopardizes the health of bacteria that help balance the nitrogen levels the soil. 

Accordingly, fertilizer overuse can lead to implications such as soil degradation, nutrient imbalance, destruction of soil structure, increasing bulk density, as well as formation, accumulation and concentration of mineral salts of fertilizers which can lead to compaction layer and soil degradation over the long-term. Such effects from overuse may adversely impact the fertilizer industry or our reputation, operations and markets in which we operate. 

# **_41. Climate change and climate change related laws and regulations concerning the fertilizer industry may adversely impact our operations and markets._** 

Fertilizer production is energy-intensive, with power and fuel being significant inputs in our operations and there is growing recognition that energy consumption is a contributor to global warming, greenhouse effects 

45 

and climate change. The Government of India and a number of governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating regulatory change in response to the potential impact of climate change. There is also current and emerging regulation, energy targets and initiatives relating to solar power and wind power that can affect energy prices. Such regulatory mechanisms may be either voluntary or legislated and may impact our operations directly or indirectly through customers. In the event that such regulations are enacted and are more aggressive than the sustainability measures that we are currently undertaking, we may experience significant increases in our costs of operations. Inconsistency of regulations may also change the attractiveness of our products in some locations. Assessments of the potential impact of future climate change regulation are uncertain, given the wide scope of potential regulatory change in India. The potential physical impact of climate change on our operations and those of our customers are highly uncertain, and will be particular to the geographic circumstances. These may include changes in rainfall patterns, water shortages, changing sea levels, changing storm patterns and intensities, and changing temperature levels. These effects may adversely impact the cost, production and financial performance of our operations. 

# **_42. Our lenders have imposed certain restrictive conditions on us under our financing agreements. This may limit our ability to pursue our business and limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or industry._** 

As of December 31, 2021, we had consolidated total borrowings (non-current borrowings and current borrowings) as per our Restated Consolidated Financial Information of ₹ 22,409.11 million. Many of our financing agreements include conditions and restrictive covenants, including the requirement that we obtain consent from or notify our lenders prior to carrying out certain activities and entering into certain transactions including, among others, (a) changing the shareholding pattern, ownership or control; (b) entering into any scheme of merger, amalgamation, compromise or reconstruction; (c) changing the management of the Company; (d) changing our Company’s Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association; (e) creating, assuming or incurring any further indebtedness or incurring any capital expenditure, (f) repaying or prepaying indebtedness; (g) undertaking any new project or implementing any scheme of expansion or acquiring any fixed assets; and (h) approaching capital markets for additional resources in the form of debt or equity. Furthermore, some of our lenders have the right to appoint a nominee director and observer on our Board at any time it thinks fit. In addition, in terms of security, we are required to create a mortgage over our immovable properties by way of depositing original title deeds, and hypothecate our movable properties. These restrictions may limit our flexibility in responding to business opportunities, competitive developments and adverse economic or industry conditions. A breach of any of the covenants, or a failure to pay interest or indebtedness when due, under any of our financing agreements, could result in a variety of adverse consequences, including the termination of one or more of such agreements, levy of penal interest, the enforcement of any security provided, acceleration of all amounts due under such agreements, right to appoint nominee on our Board and cross-defaults under certain of our other financing agreements, any of which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our financing agreements also generally contain certain financial covenants including the requirement to maintain, among others, specified debt-to-equity ratios. These covenants vary depending on the requirements of the financial institution extending the loan and the conditions negotiated under each financing document. Such covenants may restrict or delay certain actions or initiatives that we may propose to take from time to time. We cannot assure you that we will comply with the covenants with respect to our financing agreements in the future or that we will be able to secure waivers for any such non-compliance in a timely manner or at all. If the obligations under any of our financing agreements are accelerated, we may have to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments under such financing agreements, thereby reducing the availability of cash for our working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes. 

Any failure to comply with the conditions and covenants in our financing agreements that is not waived by our lenders or otherwise cured could lead to a termination of our credit facilities, foreclosure on our assets, acceleration of all amounts due under such facilities or trigger cross-default provisions under certain of our other financing agreements, any of which could adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to conduct and implement our business plans. 

# **_43. Our inability to meet the quality norms prescribed by the Government may be detrimental in our business._** 

The Fertiliser (Control) Order, 1985, inter alia, regulates the quality of fertiliser products manufactured in India and such fertiliser products are subject to independent verification by Government agencies. Government agencies carry out surprise sample checking of fertilisers for their contents/nutrients. These 

46 

samples are randomly selected at a manufacturer’s warehouse, dealer’s warehouse or retail outlets. In case, the content/nutrients in the sample does not comply with the quality norms prescribed by the Government, it could lead to issuance of show cause notices. For details of proceedings involving our Company, see “ **_Outstanding Litigations and Material Developments_** ” on page 520. Any failure in relation to quality control could lead to the cancellation of registration granted to our Company for selling fertiliser products in one or more states. 

# **_44. Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of data security could adversely affect our business._** 

We depend upon information technology systems, including internet-based systems, for our business operations. The size and complexity of our computer systems make them potentially vulnerable to breakdown, malicious intrusion and computer viruses. Although we have not experienced any significant disruptions to our information technology systems, we cannot assure you that we will not encounter disruptions in the future. Any such disruption may result in the loss of key information and disrupt our operations, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by employees or others that may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. Such data security breaches could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the public exposure of personal information (including sensitive personal information) of our employees, customers and others. Any such security breaches could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. 

**_45. Our Promoters will be able to exercise significant influence and control over our Company after this Offer and may have interests that are different from those of our other shareholders._** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters, GoI and Zuari Maroc Phosphates Private Limited (“ **ZMPPL** ”) hold 19.55% and 80.45%, respectively of the issued, subscribed and fully paid-up equity share capital of our Company. By virtue of their shareholding, our Promoters will have the ability to exercise significant influence over our Company and our affairs and business, including the election of our Directors, the timing and payment of dividends, the adoption of and amendments to our Memorandum and Articles of Association, the approval of a merger, amalgamation or sale of our assets and the approval of most other actions requiring the approval of our Shareholders. The trading price of our Equity Shares could be adversely affected if potential new investors are disinclined to invest in us because they perceive there to be disadvantages in our Promoters holding a large percentage of our Equity Shares. 

**_46. Certain of our Directors are, or for the five years prior to the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, have been on the board of directors of listed companies whose shares were suspended from being traded on the Calcutta Stock Exchange Limited, during their tenure. Further, certain of our Directors have been or are on the board of directors of listed companies which were delisted from stock exchanges in India, during their tenure._** 

Certain of our Directors, namely Dipanker Chatterji, Marco Philippus Ardeshir Wadia, Narayanan Suresh Krishnan and Saroj Kumar Poddar, are, or for the five years prior to the date of this Red Herring Prospectus have been, on the board of directors of certain listed companies whose shares were suspended from being traded on the Calcutta Stock Exchange Limited during their tenure. Further, certain of our Directors, namely Dipankar Chatterji, Marco Philippus Ardeshir Wadia, Narayanan Suresh Krishnan and Saroj Kumar Poddar, have been on the board of directors of certain listed companies whose shares were voluntarily delisted from the Calcutta Stock Exchange Limited. Additionally, certain of our Directors, namely Marco Philippus Ardeshir Wadia and Saroj Kumar Poddar, were on the board of directors of Chambal Fertilisers and Chemicals Limited, whose shares were voluntarily delisted from the Delhi Stock Exchange. One of our Independent Directors, Subhrakant Panda, is also a director on the board of directors of Indian Metals and Ferro Alloys Limited, whose shares were voluntarily delisted. from the BSE Limited, the Calcutta Stock Exchange Limited and the Bhubaneswar Stock Exchange in compliance with Regulation 21(3) of the SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takovers) Regulation, 1997, and were subsequently relisted on BSE Limited on January 28, 2009. For details see, “ **_Our Management- Directorships of Directors in Listed Companies_** ” on page 233. 

**_47. Information relating to the historical installed capacity of our manufacturing facility included in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on various assumptions and estimates and our future production and capacity may vary._** 

47 

Information relating to the historical installed capacity of our manufacturing facility included in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on various assumptions and estimates of our management and independent chartered engineers, including explanations and representations provided by our Company, physical inspection of the machinery and equipment, verification of the relevant records and documents of our Company. Actual production volumes may differ significantly from the estimated production capacities of our manufacturing facility. Investors should therefore not place undue reliance on our historical installed capacity information for our existing manufacturing facility included in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the installed capacity, capacity utilisation and other related information may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to capacity information that may be computed and presented by other fertilizer manufacturers. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on our historical installed capacity information for our existing plants included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_48. We have commissioned an industry report from CRISIL Limited which has been used for industry related data in this Red Herring Prospectus. Accordingly, prospective investors are advised not to place undue reliance on such information._** 

We have commissioned and paid CRISIL Limited to prepare a report on the fertilizer industry and they have provided us with a report titled, “ _Assessment of the fertiliser market in India_ ” dated July 2021, read with addendum I dated October 2021 and addendum II dated April 2022 to the report (the “ **CRISIL Report** ”), which has been used for industry related data that has been disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus. The CRISIL Report uses certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting and while we believe them to be true, we cannot assure you that they are complete or reliable. Accordingly, investors should read the industry related disclosure in this Red Herring Prospectus in this context. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. While industry sources take due care and caution while preparing their reports, they do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the data. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on the information in the CRISIL Report. 

# **_49. We have been unable to locate certain of our historical corporate records._** 

Our Company was incorporated on December 24, 1981 and we have been unable to trace the following corporate records in our historical records: 

- Form-2 filed with the Registrar of Companies in relation to each of the allotments of Equity Shares made by our Company since incorporation, along with the relevant attachments including approvals obtained from the statutory authorities, where applicable; 

- Copies of dematerialised statements and share transfer forms, as applicable in relation to transfer of Equity Shares to and by our Promoters; and 

- Form-18 filed with the Registrar of Companies in relation to changes in the registered office of our Company 

For details of the above instances of allotments, see “ **_Capital Structure – History of Equity Share Capital Build-up, Contribution and Lock-in of Promoter’s Shareholding_** _” and_ **_“History and certain Corporate Matters_** ” on pages 77 and 221. 

We have been unable to trace any of these documents despite conducting a search at our Company’s offices and certain of these documents despite conducting a search at the office of the Registrar of Companies and may be unable to obtain copies of these documents in the future to ascertain details of the relevant transactions or actions. Accordingly, reliance has been placed on confirmations provided by us in respect of the missing corporate records and appropriate disclosures have been made in this Red Herring Prospectus pursuant to the due diligence of the other relevant corporate records available with our Company including the minutes of meetings of the Board and shareholders, register of members and register of transfer of equity shares to ascertain the information sought from the missing corporate records. Further, we have engaged Sunita Mohanty & Associates (“ **SMA** ”) to conduct a physical inspection of the secretarial records filed by our Company with the Registrar of Companies (“ **Inspection** ”). Pursuant to the Inspection, SMA has issued a certificate dated August 12, 2021, confirming that, i) the Form 2 filings, along with the relevant attachments, in relation to each of the allotments of equity shares prior to June 17, 1999 are untraceable; and 

48 

ii) the Form 2 filings in relation to each of the allotments of equity shares on and after June 17, 1999 and the Form-18 filings are available in physical form at the office of the Registrar of Companies. 

While no legal proceedings or regulatory action has been initiated against our Company in relation to the unavailable filings as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we cannot assure you that such proceedings or regulatory actions will not be initiated against our Company in the future in relation to the missing filings and corporate records. 

**_50. We have not been able to obtain certain records of the educational qualifications of a Director and have relied on the declaration and affidavit furnished by such Director for details of his profile included in this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

Our director, Marco Philippus Ardeshir Wadia (Independent Director), has been unable to trace copies of documents pertaining to his educational qualifications. Accordingly, reliance has been placed on the declaration and undertaking furnished by such director to us and the BRLMs to disclose details of his educational qualifications in this Red Herring Prospectus. Our Company and the BRLMs have been unable to independently verify these details prior to inclusion in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, there can be no assurances that our Director will be able to trace the relevant documents pertaining to his qualifications in future, or at all. 

**_51. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon our earnings, financial condition, cash flows and capital requirements._** 

Dividends that we have paid in the past may not be reflective of the dividends that we may pay in a future period. Our ability to pay dividends depends on our earnings, financial condition, cash flows and capital requirements. We may decide to retain all of our earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business and, therefore, may not declare dividends on the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. For further details on our dividend policy, see “ **_Dividend Policy_** ” on page 263. 

Additionally, the Finance Act, 2020 (“ **Finance Act** ”) provides, amongst other things that dividend distribution tax (“ **DDT** ”) will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company on or after April 1, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. In case of a non-resident shareholder, the provisions of double taxation avoidance agreements and multilateral instrument shall also apply. 

**_52. We engage independent contract labour for carrying out certain business operations and are exposed certain wage payments where independent contractors default._** 

We engage independent contractors through whom we engage contract labour for performance of certain functions at our manufacturing facility as well as at our offices. As of March 31, 2022, we had 2,469 contract labourers. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, we are responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and our financial condition. 

**_53. Our Promoters and certain of our Directors have interests in our Company other than their normal remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Our Promoters and certain of our Directors are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses. For further information on the interest of our Promoters and Directors, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits, see “ **_Our Management_** ” and “ **_Our Promoters and Promoter Group_** ” on pages 226 and 248, respectively. 

**_54. If we are unable to manage our growth strategy effectively, our business and prospects may be adversely affected._** 

Our growth strategies may strain our managerial, operational, financial and other resources. If we are unable to manage our growth strategy effectively, our business and prospects may be adversely affected. See “ **_Our Business – Our Strategies_** _”_ on page 159. 

49 

**_55. Our management will have broad discretion in how we apply the Net Proceeds and there is no assurance that the Objects of the Offer will be achieved within the time frame expected, or at all, or that the deployment of Net Proceeds in the manner intended by us will result in any increase in the value of your investment._** 

We intend to use the Net Proceeds for the purposes described under the “ **_Objects of the Offer_** ” from pages 88 to 97. The Objects of the Offer comprise part-financing the acquisition of the Goa Facility, repayment/prepayment of certain of our borrowings and for general corporate purposes (the amount utilised for general corporate purposes shall not exceed 25% of the Net Proceeds). Our fund requirements and deployment of Net Proceeds are based on internal management estimates. However, other than our statutory auditors, the Objects of the Offer have not been appraised by any bank, financial institution or other independent agency. Our management will have broad discretion to revise our business plans, estimates and budgets from time to time. Consequently, our funding requirements and deployment of funds may change, which may result in rescheduling of the proposed utilization of Net Proceeds and increasing or decreasing expenditure for a particular activity, subject to compliance with applicable law and the investment policies approved by our management. Further, pursuant to Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, any variation in the Objects of the Offer would require a special resolution of the shareholders and the promoter or controlling shareholders will be required to provide an exit opportunity to the shareholders who not agree to such proposal to vary the Objects of the Offer, in accordance with applicable law. 

In case of increase in actual expenses or shortfall in requisite funds, additional funds for a particular activity will be met by any means available to us, including internal accruals and additional equity and/or debt arrangements. If actual utilization towards the Objects of the Offer is lower than the proposed deployment, such balance will be used for future growth opportunities, including funding other existing objects, if required. If estimated utilization of the Net Proceeds is not completely met in a fiscal year, it shall be carried forward. 

In addition, as the Offer includes an offer for sale of Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholders, the proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be remitted to the Selling Shareholders and our Company will not benefit from such proceeds. 

**_56. Our statutory auditors have made certain comments in our Restated Consolidated Financial Information._** 

Our statutory auditors are required to comment upon matters included in the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order (“ **CARO Report** ”) of the Company issued by the Central Government of India in terms of sub-section (11) of Section 143 of the 2013 Act. For further details, see “ **_The Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Annexure VII_** ” on page 314. 

# **Risks Relating to India** 

**_57. A slowdown in economic growth in India or political instability could adversely affect our business._** 

Our performance and the growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. In the recent past, Indian economy has been affected by global economic uncertainties and liquidity crisis, domestic policy and political environment, volatility in interest rates, currency exchange rates, commodity and electricity prices, adverse conditions affecting agriculture, rising inflation rates, the COVID-19 pandemic and various other factors. Risk management initiatives by banks and lenders in such circumstances could affect the availability of funds in the future or the withdrawal of our existing credit facilities. The Indian economy is undergoing many changes and it is difficult to predict the impact of certain fundamental economic changes on our business. Conditions outside India, such as a slowdown or recession in the economic growth of other major countries, have an impact on the growth of the Indian economy. Additionally, an increase in trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and the trading price of the Equity Shares. Volatility, negativity, or uncertain economic conditions could undermine the business confidence and could have a significant impact on our results of operations. Changing demand patterns from economic volatility and uncertainty could have a significant negative impact on our results of operations. 

Further, our performance and the market price and liquidity of the Equity Shares may be affected by changes in exchange rates and controls, interest rates, government policies, taxation, social and ethnic instability and 

50 

other political and economic developments affecting India. The Government of India has traditionally exercised and continues to exercise a significant influence over many aspects of the economy. Our business, the market price and liquidity of the Equity Shares may be affected by changes in Government of India policy, including those related to fertilizer subsidies, taxation, social and civil unrest and other political, economic or other developments in or affecting India. 

Moreover, throughout the calendar year 2021, the Russian military build-up on the border of Ukraine has escalated tensions between Russia and Ukraine and strained bilateral relations. These events have continued in the calendar year 2022 with Russia commencing a full-scale military invasion of Ukraine in February 2022. On February 21, 2022, Russia recognized the independence of two separatist regions within Ukraine, and ordered Russian troops into these regions with a purported mission to maintain peace in the area. Following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the United States, the EU, Canada, Japan and Australia have made announcements regarding their imposition of sanctions, including on Russia, Belarus and the two separatist regions. Heightened tensions arising from these events in Ukraine could adversely affect global macroeconomic conditions and the Indian economy. 

**_58. The occurrence of natural and man-made disasters could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

Our operations may be damaged or disrupted as a result of natural disasters such as earthquakes, floods, heavy rainfall, epidemics, tsunamis and cyclones and other events such as protests, riots and labour unrest. Such events may lead to the disruption of information systems and telecommunication services for sustained periods. They also may make it difficult or impossible for employees to reach our business locations which may affect our business. Damage or destruction that interrupts our development could adversely affect our reputation, our relationships with our customers, our senior management team’s ability to administer and supervise our business or it may cause us to incur substantial additional expenditure to repair or replace damaged equipment or rebuild parts of our infrastructure. While our insurance policies for assets cover such natural disasters, such policies may not be adequate to cover the loss arising from these events, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. 

Additionally, India has from time to time experienced instances of civil unrest and terrorist attacks, regional or international hostilities or other acts of violence of war as well as other adverse social, economic and political events. These events could lead to political or economic instability in India and may adversely affect the Indian economy. If such tensions occur in places where we operate or in other parts of the country, leading to overall political and economic instability, it could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and the trading price of the Equity Shares. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investments in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

**_59. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes, including the examples mentioned below, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. For example: 

- The Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019, prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this new ordinance, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favour of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which would ultimately reduce the effective tax rate for Indian companies from 34.94% to approximately 25.17%. While we have not opted for the concessional regime and continue to be subject to other benefits and exemptions, any such future amendments may affect our other benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. 

- The Government of India has announced the union budget for the fiscal 2023, pursuant to which the Finance Bill, 2022 (“ **Finance Bill** ”) has introduced various amendments. The Finance Bill has received 

51 

assent from the President of India on March 30, 2022, and has been enacted as the Finance Act, 2022. We have not fully determined the impact of these recent and proposed laws and regulations on our business. 

- The Government of India has passed new laws relating to social security, occupational safety, industrial relations and wages namely, the Code on Social Security, 2020 (“ **Social Security Code** ”), the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020, the Industrial Relations Code, 2020 and the Code on Wages, 2019, respectively. The Government of India has deferred the effective date of the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020, the Industrial Relations Code, 2020 and the Code on Wages, 2019, and they shall come into force from such date as may be notified by the Government. The Social Security may impact overall employee expenses and, in turn, could impact the profitability of our Company. Under the Social Security Code, a new concept of deemed remuneration has been introduced, such that where an employee receives more than half (or such other percentage as may be notified by the Central Government), of their total remuneration in the form of allowances and other amounts that are not included within the definition of wages under the Social Security Code, the excess amount received shall be deemed as remuneration and accordingly be added to wages for the purposes of the Social Security Code and the compulsory contribution to be made towards the employees’ provident fund. 

In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment, service tax and GST that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate of interest with effect from July 1, 2017. 

Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. For instance, the Supreme Court of India has in a decision clarified the components of basic wages which need to be considered by companies while making provident fund payments, which resulted in an increase in the provident fund payments to be made by companies. Uncertainty in the application, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

# **_60. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against our Company outside India._** 

Our Company is incorporated under the laws of India. Our Company’s assets are located in India and most of our Company’s Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are residents of India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce against them judgments obtained in courts outside India. Moreover, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with Indian public policy. 

India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions, which includes, the United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong. A judgment from certain specified courts located in a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Civil Code. The United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in a non-reciprocating territory, such as the United States, for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general securities laws of the United States, would not be enforceable in India under the Civil Code as a decree of an Indian court. The United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong have been declared by the Government of India to be reciprocating territories for purposes of Section 44A of the Civil Code. A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit on the judgment under Section 13 of the Civil Code, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the Civil Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated on except (i) where the judgment 

52 

has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case, (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable, (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice, (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the Civil Code, a court in India shall, on the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. The Civil Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. 

However, the party in whose favor such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States or other such jurisdiction within three years of obtaining such final judgment. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Moreover, it is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages to the extent awarded in a final judgment rendered outside India if it believes that the amount of damages awarded were excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered. 

**_61. A downgrade in credit ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India._** 

India’s sovereign rating from S&P is BBB- with a “stable” outlook as of July 2021. India’s sovereign rating from Moody’s decreased from Baa2 with a “negative” outlook to Baa3 with a “negative” outlook in May 2021 and was Baa3 with a “stable” outlook in April 2021, and its sovereign rating from Fitch decreased from BBB with a “stable” outlook to BBB- with a “negative” outlook in June 2020 (reaffirmed most recently in November 2021); and from BBB “stable” to BBB “negative” by DBRS in May 2020, and to BBB (low) “stable” in May 2021. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for reasons beyond our control such as, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favourable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_62. We may be affected by competition laws, the adverse application or interpretation of which could adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, of India, as amended (“ **Competition Act** ”), regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India (“ **AAEC** ”). Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an AAEC is considered void and may result in the imposition of substantial penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or the provision of services or shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner, including by way of allocation of geographical area or number of customers in the relevant market or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an AAEC and is considered void. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. 

On March 4, 2011, the Government notified and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to and pre-approved by the Competition Commission of India (the “ **CCI** ”). Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued Competition Commission 

53 

of India (Procedure for Transaction of Business Relating to Combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. 

The Competition Act aims to, among others, prohibit all agreements and transactions which may have an AAEC in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an AAEC in India. However, the impact of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. However, since we pursue an acquisition driven growth strategy, we may be affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it would adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

**_63. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and fall under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the RBI’s prior approval is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. In terms of Press Note 3 of 2020, dated April 17, 2020, issued by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (“ **DPIIT** ”), the foreign direct investment policy has been recently amended to state that all investments under the foreign direct investment route by entities of a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country will require prior approval of the Government of India. Further, in the event of transfer of ownership of any existing or future foreign direct investment in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial ownership falling within the aforesaid restriction/ purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership will also require approval of the Government of India. Furthermore, on April 22, 2020, the Ministry of Finance, Government of India has also made similar amendment to the FEMA Rules. While the term “beneficial owner” is defined under the Prevention of Money-Laundering (Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005 and the General Financial Rules, 2017, neither the foreign direct investment policy nor the FEMA Rules provide a definition of the term “beneficial owner”. The interpretation of “beneficial owner” and enforcement of this regulatory change involves certain uncertainties, which may have an adverse effect on our ability to raise foreign capital. Further, there is uncertainty regarding the timeline within which the said approval from the Government of India may be obtained, if at all. 

**_64. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares. The Income Tax Act levies taxes on long-term capital gains exceeding ₹100,000 arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while there is no tax charged on unrealized capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on equity shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. The Income Tax Act levies taxes on such longterm capital gains exceeding ₹100,000 arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while continuing to exempt the unrealized capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on such equity shares subject to specific conditions. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long-term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of a securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of Equity Shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold other than on a recognized stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, will be subject to long term capital gains tax in India. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a 

54 

treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

The Finance Act, 2020 (“ **Finance Act** ”), passed by the Parliament of India stipulates the sale, transfer and issue of certain securities through exchanges, depositories or otherwise to be charged with stamp duty. The Finance Act, 2019 amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020 clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. Under the Finance Act, any dividends paid by an Indian company will be subject to tax in the hands of the shareholders and such taxes will be withheld by the Indian company paying dividends. Additionally, the Finance Act does not require DDT to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source pursuant to any corporate action including dividends. 

**_65. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as IFRS, which may be material to investors' assessments of our financial condition._** 

The financial statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus have been prepared in accordance with Ind AS. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of IFRS, which differs in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS financial statements, which are restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

# **_66. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

# **Risks Related to the Offering** 

**_67. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company (through the IPO Committee) in consultation with the Selling Shareholder and the BRLMs, and through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ **_Basis for Offer Price_** ” on page 98 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

**_68. There is no guarantee that the Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges in a timely manner or at all._** 

In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing and trading of the Equity Shares will not be granted until after certain actions have been completed in relation to this Offer and until Allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to this Offer. 

In accordance with current regulations and circulars issued of SEBI, the Equity Shares are required to be listed on the Stock Exchanges within such time as mandated under UPI Circulars, subject to any change in 

55 

the prescribed timeline in this regard. However, we cannot assure you that the trading in the Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining final listing and trading approvals may restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. 

**_69. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares has been determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our results of operations, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

**_70. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of the Equity Shares, independent of our results of operations._** 

On listing, the Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of the Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Equity Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on the Equity Shares, independent of our results of operations. 

**_71. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity-linked securities by us may dilute your shareholding and adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

After the completion of the Offer, our Promoter will own, directly and indirectly, a substantial majority of our post-Offer Equity Share capital. Any future issuance of the Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us, including through exercise of employee stock options may dilute your shareholding in our Company, adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issue of our securities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will not issue additional Equity Shares. The disposal of Equity Shares by our Promoter, or the perception that such a sale may occur may significantly affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

**_72. The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from 

56 

our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

**_73. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

A public company incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for your benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of any such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company would be diluted. 

**_74. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. RIBs and Eligible Employees Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

57 

