# **SECTION II – RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry in which we operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not currently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may also adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are not currently deemed material, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, the price of our Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Restated Financial Statements” beginning on pages 191, 158, 333 and 257, respectively, of this Red Herring Prospectus, as well as the other financial and statistical and other information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and our business and the terms of the Issue including the merits and risks involved._ 

_Prospective investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Issue. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are unable to quantify the financial or other impact of any of the risks described in this section. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 26 of this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information included herein is based on or derived from our Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Restated Financial Statements” beginning on page 257 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Unless the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “we”, “us”, “our”, “our Company”, or “the Company” refers to Platinum Industries Limited._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the report titled “Assessment of the PVC Stabilizers Industry” dated February 2024 (the “_ **_CRISIL Research_** _”) prepared and issued by CRISIL Limited commissioned by us. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the CRISIL Research Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year._ 

# **RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS** 

**_1. We operate out of a single Manufacturing Facility which is located at Palghar, Maharashtra, any localized social unrest, natural disaster or breakdown of services or any other natural disaster in and around Palghar, Maharashtra or any disruption in production at, or shutdown of, our manufacturing unit could have material adverse effect on our business and financial condition._** 

We currently operate out of a single Manufacturing Facility which is located at Palghar, Maharashtra which has been taken leave and license basis. Any significant any localized social unrest, natural disaster 

38 

or breakdown of services or any other natural disaster in and around Palghar, Maharashtra or any disruption in production at, or shutdown of, our manufacturing unit could have material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

Our business is dependent upon our ability to manage our manufacturing activities, which are subject to various operating risks, including political instability, productivity of our workforce, compliance with regulatory requirements, difficulties with production costs and yields, product quality and those beyond our control, such as the breakdown and failure of equipment or industrial accidents, disruption in electrical power or water resources, severe weather conditions, natural disasters and an outbreak of pandemic such as COVID-19. Any significant malfunction or breakdown of our machinery may entail significant repair and maintenance costs and cause delays in our operations. Moreover, some of our products are permitted to be manufactured at only such facility which has received specific approvals, and any shutdown of such facility will result in us being unable to manufacture a product for the duration of such shutdown. Our inability to effectively respond to any shutdown or slowdown and rectify any disruption, in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, could lead to delays in the entire production cycle and an inability to comply with our customers’ requirements and lead to loss of revenue to us and our customers. 

Although we have not experienced any strikes or labor unrest in the past, we cannot assure you that we will not experience disruptions in work in the future due to disputes or other problems with our work force. Any labor unrest directed against us, could directly or indirectly prevent or hinder our normal operating activities, and, if not resolved in a timely manner, could lead to disruptions in our operations, which in turn could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

**_2. We are in the process of expanding our operations and establishing a network of distributors & customers in regions where we do not have a significant presence or prior experience. Any failure to expand into these new regions could adversely affect our sales, financial condition, result of operations and cash flows._** 

In order to cater to the growing market demand for our products, specifically for PVC stabilizers, and expand our presence in new regions, we are in the process of deepening our presence in the MENA region through our subsidiary Platinum Stabilizers Egypt LLC by setting up the Proposed Facility 1 in Egypt by utilizing portion of our Net Proceeds of up to ₹ 677.21 million. For further details please see “ _Objects of the Issue - Utilisation of Net Proceeds and schedule of deployment_ ” on page 116 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Setting up of the Proposed Facility 1 (Egypt) and deepening our presence in such regions entails significant risks and challenges that could have a detrimental impact on our business. As per the CRISIL Report, Egypt does not currently have any PVC stabilizer manufacturing unit and Egypt's PVC stabilizer demand is met through imports dominated by countries such as Turkey, Iran, Saudi Arabia and India. Due to this, we may lack familiarity with the economic conditions of Egypt, MENA and other neighbouring regions. Fluctuations in the local economy, currency exchange rates, and regulatory environment can pose risks to our operations and financial stability. Without an established customer and distributor network or end customer base in these regions, we face uncertainty regarding the demand for our products. It may take considerable time and resources to build relationships and gain market acceptance, potentially delaying the realization of sales volume. The absence of established operations increases the likelihood of misjudgements, strategic missteps, and overall failure to establish a strong foothold in these new regions. The lack of infrastructure and local partnerships in these new regions may result in higher manufacturing and distribution costs. Overcoming logistical challenges and setting up efficient supply chains can be costly and timeconsuming, potentially impeding our ability to achieve anticipated sales and profit levels. Our products may not gain market acceptance or meet the specific requirements of customers in these new markets and regions. Adapting our offerings to local preferences, regulatory standards, and customer needs can be complex and may require additional investments and resources. Establishing our operations, reputation, and image in new markets and regions can be a daunting task. The absence of brand recognition and market familiarity may lead to skepticism and reluctance among potential customers, thereby hindering sales growth and market penetration. This could lead to lower product pricing as we 

39 

struggle to establish ourselves and higher expenditure on reputation building, impacting our profitability. If we fail to successfully navigate these challenges and establish a strong presence in the new regions, our sales, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be significantly and adversely affected. 

In addition to the challenges mentioned earlier, another risk that we face is the potential response from our competitors if we successfully establish a strong presence in these new regions, such as Egypt. As competitors observe our growth, business model, and strong presence, they may consider replicating our success by setting up their own manufacturing units in the same regions. This may pose a threat to our market share and competitive advantage. If competitors establish manufacturing units in close proximity to ours, they may be able to offer similar products at competitive prices. This could lead to increased competition, pricing pressure, and a potential loss of market share. 

**_3. We are dependent on a few customers for a major part of our revenues. Further we do not enter into long-term arrangements with our customers and any failure to continue our existing arrangements could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our revenue from operations are concentrated to a few customers with our top 10 customers aggregating to: 

|**Particulars**|**For the**<br>**ended Sep**<br>**30, 2**<br>|**period**<br>**tember**<br>**023**<br>|**Fiscal 20**<br>|**23**<br>|**Fiscal 2**<br>|**022**<br>|**Fisca**<br>|**l 2021**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Amount**<br>**(₹ in**<br>**million)**|**% of**<br>**total**<br>**sales**|**Amount**<br>**(₹ in**<br>**million)**|**% of**<br>**total**<br>**sales**|**Amount**<br>**(₹ in**<br>**million)**|**% of**<br>**total**<br>**sales**|**Amount**<br>**(₹ in**<br>**million)**|**% of**<br>**total**<br>**sales**|
|Top<br>5<br>Customers|902.00|81.84|1,822.18|77.85|1,356.92|73.68|712.50|79.93|
|Top<br>10<br>Customers|994.09|91.10|2,024.34|86.49|1,536.05|83.41|781.88|87.71|



We presently do not have any long-term or exclusive arrangements with any of our customers. We cannot assure you that we will be able to sell the quantities we have historically supplied to such customers. In the event our competitors’ products offer better margins to such customers or otherwise incentivize them, there can be no assurance that our customers will continue to place orders with us. Most of our transactions with our customers are typically on a purchase order basis without any commitment for a fixed volume of business. There can also be no assurance that our customers will place their orders with us on current or similar terms. Further, our customers could change their business practices or seek to modify the terms that we have customarily followed with them, including in relation to their payment terms. For instance, there has been discontinuation of business with two of our customers who are forming part of our top 10 customers in the preceding three fiscals. Out of the two instances, one instance occurred in Fiscal 2023 and the other one in Fiscal 2022. We did not have long-term relationship with the said two customers and therefore, their discontinuation did not have material adverse impact on our business. In addition, our customers may also cancel purchase orders at short notice or without notice, which could have an impact on our inventory management. In the event of frequent cancellations of purchase orders, the same could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Although our Company maintains long-term relationship with our major customers, there can be no assurance that we will continue to maintain such relationship with our customers in the future. Further, in the event our customers experience any delays in placing orders with us, or if they prefer to buy the products of our competitors, it could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our inability to maintain our existing customer network could have a negative impact on our revenue, business growth prospects, result in slowdown of operation, financial conditions and cash flows. Further, the performance of our customers, their sales network and their ability to expand their businesses are crucial to the future growth of our business and 

40 

directly affect our sales volume and profitability. If any of our customer fails to sell our products to the end customers, or if our relationships with our customers are affected, our profitability could be affected. 

**_4. We are required to obtain, renew or maintain certain statutory and regulatory permits and approvals required to operate our business and if we fail to do so in a timely manner or at all and our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and cash flows may be adversely affected._** 

Our operations are subject to government and statutory regulations, and we are required to obtain and maintain several permits, consents and regulations and approvals under central, state and local government rules for operating our business generally for our manufacturing facility and depots. While we have obtained the necessary and material approvals, licenses, registrations and permits from the relevant authorities, there could be instances where we may not have applied, obtained or applied with a delay for certain requisite approvals applicable to us. For instance, we did not have the necessary consents to establish or operate our Manufacturing Facility at Village Shirgaon, Palghar, Maharashtra under the pollution control laws for the period August 16, 2016, to May 08, 2018, license to work a factory under the Factories Act, 1948 for the period August 16, 2016 to December 31, 2017, public liability insurance for the August 16, 2016 to July 03, 2023, approval for use of ground water through tubewell/ borewell for the period August 2016 till September 2020. In past, our production capacity has been in excess of the capacities, granted to us by Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (“MPCB”) under Consent To Operate (“CTO”) for (i) of upto 6,000 MTPA for PVC lead based stabilizers for Fiscals 2021 and 2022; (ii) of upto 17,160 MTPA for PVC non lead based stabilizers for the Fiscal 2021; and (iii) of upto 1,200 MTPA for lubricants for Fiscal FY 2022. Therefore, we have been in contravention of the Air Act, Water Act, and the Hazardous Waste Management Rules for operating our Manufacturing Facility over and above the authorised capacity as per the CTO granted by MPCB. We have till date not made any application, suo moto or otherwise, for regularizing such non-compliances. While no further actions have been taken in relation to such violations mentioned above, we may, in the future, be subjected to regulatory actions for such violations including closure of our unit, imposition of penalties and other penal actions against our Company and key personnel, which may have a negative impact on our business, reputation, results of operations and cash flows. We also need to apply for renewal, from time to time, of some such approvals, licenses, registrations and permits, which expire or seek fresh approvals, as and when required, in the ordinary course of our business. While we generally apply for the renewal of approvals in a timely manner, we cannot assure that such approvals will be issued or granted to us in a timely manner, or at all. If we do not receive such approvals or are not able to renew the approvals in a timely manner, our business and operations may be adversely affected. There can be no assurance that the relevant authority will issue an approval or renew expired approvals within the applicable time period or at all. Any delay in receipt or non-receipt of such approvals, licenses, registrations and permits could adversely affect our related operations. Further, under such circumstances, the relevant authorities may initiate penal action against us, restrain our operations, impose fines/ penalties or initiate legal proceedings for our inability to renew/obtain approvals in a timely manner or at all. 

The approvals required by us are also subject to numerous conditions including, among others, quantum of raw materials to be used, fire and safety measures, etc. Further, in some cases, consent of relevant authorities is required in case there is any modification/ alteration/ change in product mix. The conditions and the obligation to renew the approval or license at regular intervals are also prescribed in such approvals and licenses. We cannot assure you that the approvals, licenses, registrations and permits issued to us will not be suspended or cancelled or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action.  We cannot assure you that non-compliances will not occur in the future or that we may not be subject to any penalties in relation to such noncompliances which may affect our profitability, business, financial condition and results of operations. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and cash flows. 

41 

**_5. If there are delays in setting up the Proposed Facilities or if the costs of setting up and the possible time or cost overruns related to the Proposed Facilities or the purchase of plant and machinery for the Proposed Facilities are higher than expected, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects._** 

We are in the process of setting up (i) a manufacturing facility at Land Parcel No. (99), First Industrial Zone for Orascom Industrial Parks Co., SC Zone, Governorate of Suez which will be housed in our Subsidiary, Platinum Stabilizers Egypt LLC and will be utilised for the manufacturing of PVC Stabilizers, CPVC Additives and Lubricants; and (ii) a new manufacturing facility at Palghar, Maharashtra which will be utilized for manufacturing of non-lead based PVC stabilizers (collectively “ **Proposed Facilities** ”). In line with change in market trend of transition from lead-based stabilizers towards the usage of non-lead based / calcium zinc-based PVC stabilizers, we intend to set up the Proposed Facility 2 at Palghar which will be dedicated for production of non-lead based stabilizers. The Proposed Facilities are expected to commence commercial operations by fourth quarter of Fiscal 2024-25. The completion of the setting up of the Proposed Facilities is dependent on our ability to arrange finance through Net Proceeds or otherwise, the performance of external agencies which are responsible for inter alia construction of buildings, installation and commissioning of plant and machinery and supply and testing of equipment. We cannot assure you that we will be able to arrange for such finance on time. Further, we cannot assure you that the performance of external agencies will meet the required specifications or performance parameters. We may not be able to identify suitable replacement external agencies in a timely manner. If the performance of these agencies is inadequate in terms of the requirements, this may result in incremental cost and time overruns. 

Some of the plant, machinery and equipment to be purchased may be required to be shipped to the Proposed Facilities from other regions. Any delay in the transportation of such assets or damage to the assets acquired due to inter alia defaults by transportation agencies may further result in cost and time overruns in the commissioning of the Proposed Facilities. 

The estimated costs for setting up the Proposed Facilities are based on the certificates dated January 25, 2024 given by M/s. Orbit Consultants and Valuers, Independent Chartered Engineers, are management’s estimates and current conditions which are subject to change, owing to prospective changes in external circumstances, costs and other financial conditions. There could be delays in setting up the Proposed Facilities as a result of, amongst other things, requirement of obtaining approvals from statutory or regulatory authorities, contractors’ or external agencies’ failure to perform, exchange rate fluctuations, unforeseen engineering problems, disputes with workers, increase in input costs of construction materials and labour costs, incremental preoperative expenses, taxes and duties, interest and finance charges, cost escalation and/ or force majeure events (including the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical tensions, etc.), any of which could give rise to cost overruns and delays in our implementation schedules. 

If the actual capital expenditures on setting up the Proposed Facilities significantly exceed our budgets, we may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits of the Proposed Facilities, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete the aforementioned expansion or commissioning of our plants and additions in accordance with the proposed schedule of implementation and any delay could have an adverse impact on our growth, prospects, cash flows and financial condition. 

Setting up of the Proposed Facilities will require us to obtain various approvals, which are routine in nature. Additionally for Proposed Facility 1 (Egypt), we may also need to apply for certain additional approvals required for investment in a foreign country. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain these registrations and approvals in a timely manner or at all. Further, in the event of any unanticipated delay in receipt of such approvals, the proposed schedule implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds may be extended or may vary accordingly. For further information, please see the chapter titled “ _Objects - Government Approvals_ ” in relation to Proposed Facility 1 and Proposed Facility 2 on pages 120 and 125, respectively of this Red Herring Prospectus.” 

42 

**_6. Under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities and an inability to effectively utilize our expanded manufacturing capacities could have an adverse effect on our business, future prospects and future financial performance._** 

As of March 31, 2023, we currently operate from one manufacturing facility at Village Shirgaon, Palghar, Maharashtra with an aggregate estimated installed production capacity of 7,508.57 MTPA for lead based stabilizers, 19,382.98 MTPA for calcium zinc based and calcium organic stabilizers (including flakes and powder), 4,380.00 MTPA for lubricant and 4,805.69 MTPA for CPVC Additives. Our ability to maintain our profitability depends on our ability to optimize the product mix to support high-margin products and products with consistent long-term demand and the demand and supply balance of our products in the principal and target markets. In particular, the level of our capacity utilization can impact our operating results. Capacity utilization is also affected by our product mix and the demand and supply balance. 

Our overall capacity utilization for Lead based stabilizers, Non-lead based stabilizers, CPVC Additives and Lubricants are as follows: 

|**Financial**<br>**Year**|**Particulars**|**Lead**<br>**Based**<br>**Stabilizers**|**Non-Lead**<br>**based**<br>**Stabilizers**|**CPVC Additives**|**Lubricants**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|2022-23|Capacity|7,875.00|<br>19,075.00|5,376.00|3,850.00|
||Production|2,181.32|<br>4,891.06|670.68|827.19|
||Utilization|27.70%|<br>25.64%|12.48%|21.49%|
|2021-22|Capacity|4,035.37|<br>12,675.29|3,221.07|3,397.96|
||Production|2,569.54|<br>2,846.18|497.98|615.70|
||Utilization|63.68%|<br>22.45%|15.46%|18.12%|
|2020-21|Capacity|4,035.37|<br>11,715.29|3,221.07|2,797.96|
||Production|2,862.78|<br>1,831.42|437.76|124.03|
||Utilization|70.94%|<br>15.63%|13.59%|4.43%|



In line with change in market trend of transition from lead-based stabilizers towards the usage of non-lead based / calcium zinc-based PVC stabilizers, our Company’s production levels for non-lead based stabilizers have increased by 55.41% and 71.85% in Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2023, respectively and consequently, our installed capacities have also been increased by 50.49% for non-lead based stabilizers from 12,675.29 MTPA for Fiscal 2022 to 19,075.00 MTPA for the Fiscal 2023 and by 66.90% for CPVC Additives from 3,221.07 MTA in Fiscal 2022 to 5,376.00 MTPA for Fiscal 2023, as aforesaid. As part of this growth process and ease of operations, we intend to dedicate the Proposed Facility 2 at Palghar for production of non-lead based stabilizers thereby having better control of product quality and reduce impurities. As per CRISIL Report, Asia-Pacific region is the largest consumer of PVC stabilizers in the world. We intend to cater to the demand in the Indian sub-continent and the other Asian countries through the Proposed Facility 2 due to its proximity to these markets.  In past, our production capacity has been in excess of the capacities, granted to us by Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (“MPCB”) under Consent To Operate (“CTO”) (i) of upto 6,000 MTPA for PVC lead based stabilizers for Fiscals 2021 and 2022; (ii) of upto 17,160 MTPA for PVC non lead based stabilizers for the Fiscal 2021; and (iii) of upto 1,200 MTPA for lubricants for Fiscal 2022. Therefore, we have been in non-compliances of the Air Act, Water Act, and the Hazardous Waste Management Rules for operating our Manufacturing Facility over and above the authorised capacity as per the CTO granted by MPCB. We have till date not made any application, suo moto or otherwise, for regularizing such non-compliance. For further information, see “ _Our Business - Capacity and Capacity Utilization_ ” on page 205 of this Red Herring Prospectus.  The overall capacity utilization has decreased due to an increase in capex. These ratios are not indicative of future capacity utilization rates, which are dependent on various factors, including demand for our products, availability of raw materials, our ability to manage our inventory and improve operational efficiency. Under-utilization  of our manufacturing capacities over extended periods, or significant under- 

43 

utilization in the short-term, could materially and adversely impact our business, growth prospects and future financial performance. 

Our capacity utilization levels are dependent on our ability to carry out uninterrupted operations at our manufacturing facility, the availability of raw materials, industry/ market conditions, as well as by the product requirements of, and procurement practice followed by, our distributors. In the event we face prolonged disruptions at our facilities including due to interruptions in the supply of water, electricity or as a result of labour unrest, or are unable to procure sufficient raw materials, we would not be able to achieve full capacity utilization of our current manufacturing facility, resulting in operational inefficiencies which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Our proposed expansion plans are based on demand forecasts that are subject to various assumptions including product trends in the industry and management estimates that are based on prevailing economic conditions. Adequate utilization of our expanded capacities is therefore subject to various factors beyond our control and in case of oversupply in the industry or lack of demand, we may not be able to utilise our expanded capacities efficiently. The success of any capacity expansion and expected return on investment on capital invested is subject to, among other factors, the ability to procure requisite regulatory approvals in a timely manner; recruit and ensure satisfactory performance of personnel to further grow our business; and the ability to absorb additional infrastructure costs and develop new expertise and utilize the expanded capacities as anticipated. Please also see “Risk Factor no. 5 - _If there are delays in setting up the Proposed Facilities or if the costs of setting up and the possible time or cost overruns related to the Proposed Facilities or the purchase of plant and machinery for the Proposed Facilities are higher than expected, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects._ ” On page 42 of this red herring prospectus. 

**_7. We do not have long-term agreements with our suppliers for raw materials and an inability to procure the desired quality, quantity of our raw materials in a timely manner and at reasonable costs, or at all, may have a negative impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our purchases of raw materials are concentrated from a few suppliers with our top 10 suppliers contributing of the total purchases of raw materials are as follows; 

||**For the peri**<br>**September**<br>|**od ended**<br>**30, 2023**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2023**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2022**<br>|**Fisca**<br>|**l 2021**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Amount**<br>**(₹ in**<br>**million)**|**% of**<br>**revenues**|**Amount**<br>**(₹ in**<br>**million)**|**% of**<br>**revenues**|**Amount**<br>**(₹ in**<br>**million)**|**% of**<br>**revenues**|**Amount**<br>**(₹ in**<br>**million)**|**% of**<br>**revenues**|
|Top<br>5<br>Suppliers|348.77|29.14|476.13|20.34|462.53|25.12|228.39|25.62|
|Top<br>10<br>Suppliers|444.75|37.15|681.12|29.10|687.42|37.33|350.50|39.32|



Further we are related to some of our suppliers as disclosed in the _“Note 34 – Related Party Transactions”_ in the chapter titled _“Restated Financial Statements”_ on page 305 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Our ability to remain competitive, maintain costs and profitability depend, in part, on our ability to source and maintain a stable and sufficient supply of raw materials at acceptable prices. Our major raw materials includes stearic acid, litharge and PE waxes. For further information, see _“Our Business – Procurement of Raw Materials”_ on page 207 of this Red Herring Prospectus. We depend on external suppliers for all the raw materials required and typically purchase raw materials on a purchase order basis and place such orders with them in advance based on our projected requirements. As a result, the success of our business is significantly dependent on maintaining good relationships with our raw material suppliers. The absence of long-term supply contracts subjects us to risks such as price volatility caused by various factors viz. commodity market fluctuations, currency fluctuations, climatic and environmental conditions, transportation cost, changes in domestic as well as international government policies, regulatory changes and trade sanctions. Some part of our raw materials are also imported. China, Indonesia, Thailand, and 

44 

Germany constitute the countries from which the raw materials were imported during the last three financial years. 

Details of the raw materials purchases from domestic and international suppliers are as under _:_ 

||**For the per**<br>**September**<br>|**iod ended**<br>**30, 2023**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2023**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2022**<br>|**Fisca**<br>|**l 2021**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Amount**<br>**(₹ in**<br>**million)**|**% of**<br>**revenues**|**Amount**<br>**(₹ in**<br>**million)**|**% of**<br>**revenues**|**Amount**<br>**(₹ in**<br>**million)**|**% of**<br>**revenues**|**Amount**<br>**(₹ in**<br>**million)**|**% of**<br>**revenues**|
|Domestic<br>Purchases|536.27|44.80|1,078.46|46.08|1,166.86|63.36|614.18|68.90|
|International<br>Purchases|137.92|11.52|407.66|17.42|332.25|18.04|98.32|11.03|



As a result, we continue to remain susceptible to the risks arising out of foreign exchange rate fluctuations as well as import duties, which could result in a decline in our operating margins. If we cannot fully offset the increase in raw material prices with increase in the prices for our products, we will experience lower profit margins, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and ultimately lead to a liquidity crunch. In the absence of such contracts, we are also exposed to the risk of unavailability of raw materials in desired quantities and qualities, in a timely manner. 

There can be no assurance that in future we will be able to procure the required quantities and quality of raw materials commensurate with our requirements. For the period ended September 30, 2023, Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 the cost of raw materials and components consumed amounts to ₹768.07 million, ₹ 1,282.60 million, ₹ 873.13 million, and ₹ 590.27 million representing 62.54%, 55.41%, 46.40% and 66.12% respectively, of our revenue from operations. There can also be no assurance that a particular supplier will continue to supply us with raw materials in the future. Any delay in supplying finished products to customers in accordance with the terms and conditions of the purchase orders, such as delivery within a specified time, as a result of delayed raw material supply, could result in the customer refusing to accept our products, which may have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. For instance, in the past three years, we have experienced disruption in the supply of raw materials and components due to discontinuation of business relationship with some of our suppliers which did not have a material adverse effect on our business or operations. Further, we do not enter into agreements with suppliers which could have an adverse effect on our ability to source raw materials in a commercially viable and timely manner as well as the commitments to our customers, which may impact our business and profitability. 

Further, as we generally receive purchase orders for supply of our products to customers, we rely on historical trends and other indicators to purchase the required quantities of raw materials. We, therefore, run the risk of purchasing more raw materials than necessary, which could expose us to risks associated with prolonged storage of some of these materials, and materially affect our results of operations. Conversely, if our customers place orders for greater quantities of products compared to their historical requirements, we may not be able to adequately source the necessary raw materials in a timely manner and may not have the required manufacturing capacity to meet such demand. In addition, if all or a significant number of our suppliers for any particular raw material are unable or unwilling to meet our requirements or if our estimates fall short of the demand, we could suffer shortages or significant cost increases. Continued supply disruptions could exert pressure on our costs, and we cannot assure you that all or part of any increased costs can be passed along to our customers in a timely manner or at all, which could negatively affect our business, overall profitability and financial performance. 

# **_8. There have been some instances of delayed filing with the Registrar of Companies and other noncompliances under the Companies Act in the past which may attract penalties._** 

There have been certain discrepancies in relation to statutory filings required to be made by us with the RoC under applicable laws, as well as there are certain other non-compliances by our Company under the 

45 

Companies Act. There has been delay in filing of MGT-7 for the financial year 2020-21. Further, there have been delays in submission of Form FC-GPR to the RBI after issue of shares to a person resident outside India. 

Pursuant to the resolutions passed by our Board and our Shareholders, our Company had allotted 21,058 and 31,587 sweat equity shares to Ms. Vartika Anup Singh and Ms. Sarah Schiller, respectively in November 2020. The allotment of such 52,645 sweat equity shares was not strictly in accordance with the provisions of Section 54 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8 of Companies (Share Capital and Debenture) Rules, 2014, as they were neither directors nor were they permanent employees of the Company at the time of such allotment. Our Company has filed a suo-moto compounding application dated September 21, 2023 with Regional Director, Western Region for regularization of the said noncompliance and in the event that any fine or penalty is liable to be in relation to such non-compliance, the same shall be paid by our Company and our officer in default. In the event such regularization process fails, we and our officer(s) in default may be held liable under Section 450 of the Companies Act to a penalty of ₹ 0.01 million, and in case of continuing contravention, with a further penalty for each day during which the contravention continues, subject to a maximum of ₹ 0.20 million in case of a company and ₹ 0.05 million in case of an officer who is in default. Further, there have been non-compliance in relation to the following: 

- Our Company and our Director, Parul Krishna Rana have voluntarily filed a compounding application dated June 15, 2023 by filing e-Form GNL-1 on June 17, 2023 before the Regional Director, Western Region, Ministry of Corporate Affairs (the “Regional Director”) Mumbai under section 441 of the Companies Act, in relation to appointment of the statutory auditor of the Company for a period of one year i.e. Financial Year 2020-21 at the first annual general meeting of our Company held on November 30, 2021, which was not in compliance with the provisions of Section 139 of the Companies Act, 2013 The matter is pending before the Regional Director. 

- Our Company has voluntarily filed a compounding application dated June 12, 2023 by filing e-Form GNL-1 on June 22, 2023 before the National Company Law Tribunal bench at Mumbai under section 441 of the Companies Act with respect to the corporate guarantee given by our Company to Parul Krishna Rana to secure  the housing loan facility of ₹ 77.00 million availed by her and repaying the vehicle finance loans aggregating to ₹ 18.55 million sanctioned to her which was not in compliance with the provisions of Section 185 of the Companies Act, 2013. The matter is pending before the Hon'ble NCLT. 

- Our Company has voluntarily filed an application for adjudication dated June 15, 2023 by filing e- Form GNL-1 on June 21, 2023 before the Registrar of Companies, Maharashtra at Mumbai under section 454 of the Companies Act due to not having attached of annexure AOC-2 to the Board Report for the financial year 2020-21 and annexures AOC-1, AOC-2 and CSR annexure to the Board Report for financial year 2021-22 which was not in compliance with the provisions of Section 134 of the Companies Act. The matter is pending before the RoC. 

- Our Company and our Director, Parul Krishna Rana have voluntarily filed an application for adjudication dated June 16, 2023 by filing e-Form GNL-1 on June 17, 2023 before the Registrar of Companies, Maharashtra at Mumbai under section 76A of the Limited Liability Partnership Act, 2008 with respect to non-filing of statements of account & solvency (LLP Form 8) by Platinum Industries LLP for the financial year ended 31.03.2020 which was not in compliance with the provisions of Section 34 of the Limited Liability Partnership Act, 2008 and Rule 24 of the Limited Liability Partnership Rules, 2009. The matter is pending before the RoC. 

- Our Company and our Director, Parul Krishna Rana have voluntarily filed a compounding application dated September 21, 2023 by filing e-Form GNL-1 on September 21, 2023 before the Regional 

46 

Director, Western Region, Ministry of Corporate Affairs (the “Regional Director”) Mumbai under section 441 of the Companies Act, in relation to issue of sweat equity shares to the person other than the director and employees of the Company at the time of allotment, which was not in compliance with the provisions of Section 54 of the Companies Act, 2013 The matter is pending before the Regional Director 

Pursuant to Deed of Indemnity dated September 25, 2023, our Promoter Parul Krishna Rana has agreed to indemnify and keep harmless our Company against all losses, damages, demands, actions, disputes, claims, costs, charges and expenses of any nature that may be suffered or sustained by our Company in connection with the aforesaid applications. Although, no regulatory action or penalty has been taken/ levied on the Company for such delays/ defaults, however, it cannot be assured that no such regulatory action or penalty will be taken/ levied in the future. Further, we cannot assure you that such noncompliances will not occur in the future. Therefore, if the concerned authorities impose monetary penalties on us or take certain punitive actions against our Company or its directors/ officers in relation to the same, our business and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

**_9. We have a long-term Technical Collaboration Agreement for providing know-how in relation to our business and manufacture of products. If this Technical Collaboration Agreement is terminated or not renewed on terms acceptable to us, it could have a material adverse effect have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We have entered into Technical Collaboration Agreement with HMS Concept E.U. (“HMS”) a sole proprietorship concern of Dr. Michael Schiller under the laws of Austria, for providing know-how in relation to our business and manufacture of products. The Technical Collaboration Agreement was first executed with HMS on January 29, 2019 which has subsequently been amended and restated on February 09, 2023 and the same shall remain valid unless terminated by the parties thereto. In terms of the Technical Collaboration Agreement, HMS has agreed to provide our Company all its know-how, ideas and results with respect to our business and has also agreed to supply all the materials such as formulae, charts, data, drawings, process sheets, standard and other information as is necessary. In consideration of HMS providing the know-how and services under the Technical Collaboration Agreement, we have paid HMS a sum of ₹ 12.78 million, ₹ 22.02 million, ₹ 13.33 million and ₹ 8.39 million for the period ended September 30, 2023, Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, respectively and also allotted 30,777 Equity Shares on March 04, 2023 to HMS’ proprietor, Dr. Michael Schiller. Under the said Technical Collaboration Agreement, HMS is required to provide technical assistance in relation to several crucial functions such as improvement of our existing production plant and production processes, improvement of existing chemical, analytical and application laboratories, development of new PVC and CPVC stabilizers and other additives, etc. For details, please see “History and Certain Corporate Matters - Strategic and financial partnerships” on page 209. Our Technical Collaboration Agreement with HMS is on an exclusive basis in India and on a non-exclusive basis outside India, non-transferable with no right to sub license the know-how. Although our Company maintains long-term relationship with HMS, there can be no assurance that we will continue to maintain such relationship with HMS in the future. Given that our business operations including improvement of our existing production plant and production processes, improvement of existing products, development of new products, etc. are dependent on receipt of know-how under the Technical Collaboration Agreement, any breach of the contractual terms of the agreement, or any inability to renew such agreement on acceptable terms or at all, suspension or termination thereof may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_10. Some of our promoter group members have defaulted in repayment of loan to their lenders in the past._** 

In the past, M/s. D.B. Rana & Co., sole proprietorship concern of our promoter Krishna Dushyant Rana and our Promoter Group member, Platinum Chemicals Limited had availed financial assistance from Indian Overseas Bank. The said entities had defaulted in repayment of the financial facilities availed them from Indian Overseas Bank and consequently, legal proceedings had been initiated by Indian Overseas 

47 

Bank against them before the Hon'ble Debts Recovery Tribunal, Mumbai. Subsequently in April 2022, the said matters been settled by payment of ₹ 1.90 million by M/s. D.B. Rana & Co. and ₹ 6.60 million by Platinum Chemicals Limited towards OTS amount under the One Time Settlement (“OTS”) Scheme issued by Indian Overseas Bank. Accordingly, the legal proceedings filed by Indian Overseas Bank against the aforesaid promoter group entities before the Debts Recovery Tribunal, Mumbai have been dismissed as withdrawn in May 2022 and June 2022. 

**_11. Our Company is dependent on the demand from the industries where our products find application such as PVC pipes and tubes, PVC profiles, PVC fittings and electrical wires and cables. Any downturn in such industries could have an adverse impact on our Company’s business and results of operations._** 

The products manufactured by our Company find diverse use-cases in varied application industries including pipes and tubes and construction chemicals. While our products are, generally, capable of being used in various application industries such as PVC pipes and tubes, CPVC pipes, PVC profile, electric wires and cables, a significant part of our revenue from the sale of our Products is generated from sales to the pipes and tubes industry, details whereof are as follows: 

|**Products**|**For the pe**<br>**ended Sept**<br>**30, 202**<br>|**riod**<br>**ember**<br>**3**<br>|**2023**<br>||**Fiscals**<br>**2022**<br>|<br> <br>|**202**<br>|**1**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Amount (₹**<br>**in**<br>**millions)**|**%**|**Amount (₹**<br>**in millions)**|**%**|**Amount**<br>**(₹ in**<br>**millions)**|**%**|**Amount**<br>**(₹ in**<br>**millions)**|**%**|
|PVC Stabilizers|707.55|59.11|1,332.10|56.91|895.90|48.65|748.51|89.14|
|CPVC Additives|47.48|3.97|203.20|8.68|238.50|12.95|Nil|-|
|Lubricants|358.82|29.97|630.40|26.93|397.60|21.59|Nil|-|
|**Total**|**1,113.85**|**93.05**|**2,165.70**|**92.52**|**1,532.00**|**83.19**|**748.51**|**89.14**|



There can be no assurance that the lack of demand from any one of these industries can be off-set by sales to other industries in which our products find application. Accordingly, any significant downturn in the application industries could have a significant impact on our financial condition and our growth prospects. 

**_12. We intend to utilise a portion of the Net Proceeds for funding our capital expenditure requirements. We are yet to place orders for such capital expenditure machinery._** 

We intend to utilise major portion of the Net Proceeds for setting up the Proposed Facilities funding capital expenditure towards purchase of machinery, equipment and utilities at Proposed Facility 1 (Egypt) situated at Egypt and Proposed Facility 2 situated at Palghar, Maharashtra and working capital requirements. While we have obtained quotations from different vendors in relation to the major machinery and equipment required for funding such capital expenditure, we are yet to place orders for such machinery and equipment. Accordingly, orders worth ₹ 744.91 million, which constitute 100% of the total estimated costs of the machinery and equipment in relation to setting up the proposed facilities are yet to be placed. There can be no assurance that we will be able to place orders for such machinery and equipment in a timely manner or at all. Further, in the event of any delay in placement of such orders, the proposed schedule for implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds may be extended or may vary accordingly. 

# **_13. We operate in a regulated and evolving industry and our products and offerings are subject to changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties which may adversely affect our business and financial performance._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. For instance, Plastic pipes, such as those made of Polyethylene (PE), Polypropylene (PP), and PVC, serve as alternatives to iron, concrete, and copper pipes. They supply people with essential resources, water, and also manage the disposal of waste generated after consumption. Among plastic pipes, PVC stands out as 

48 

the one the preferred alternative in terms of cost and performance. The production of PVC products requires stabilizers, which can be based on various substances such as lead, barium, tin, calcium, magnesium, aluminum, zinc and organic compounds. Lead-based stabilizers for PVC are considered to be harmful to health and consequently, there has been a shift in trend of using lead-based stabilizers in PVC pipes to non-lead based stabilizers. The Government of India has in the year 2021 notified the Lead Stabilizer in PVC Pipes and Fittings Rules, 2021 with a view (ii) to set the quality standards of lead to be used in PVC pipes; (ii) to lay down the standards for presence of lead in PVC pipes; and (iii) to phase out lead as a stabilizer in PVC pipes. Lead-based stabilizers however continue to play a role in global markets. The impact of any or all of the above changes to Indian legislation on our business cannot be fully determined at this time. In addition, our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations applicable to us and our business. Such unfavourable changes could decrease demand for our services and products, increase costs and/or subject us to additional liabilities. Any such changes could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 

# **_14. Our inability to meet the preferences or consistent quality requirements of our customers or our inability to accurately predict and successfully adapt to changes in market demand could reduce demand for our products and harm our sales._** 

Our results of operations and future growth are largely dependent upon the demand for our products in the Indian and other international markets in which we are currently present and propose to expand to. Demand for our products depends primarily on consumer-related factors such as demographics, local preferences, lifestyle preferences and macroeconomic factors such as the condition of the economy and the level of consumer confidence. Over a period of time, there have been significant changes in consumers’ preferences relating to PVC products in Indian as well as overseas market. There has been a shift towards non-lead based stabilizers and organic stabilizers in recent times. The stabilizer market is currently moving toward the design, manufacture and use of efficient, effective, safe and more environmentally friendly chemical products and processes. Our management team tracks the trend of our product portfolio and accordingly plans the supply of our products on that basis. Therefore, an unanticipated change in customer demand may adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition as a result of the operating expenses that are relatively fixed and have been incurred by us. 

We may be also subject to the policies and guidelines of the countries or regions where our customers are located, relating to the quantity, quality, characteristics and variety of the products sold to such countries, which may be changed from time to time. Any non-compliance with such policies and quality standards could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, reputation and results of operation. While we attempt to, on a regular basis, keep pace with the preferences and quality requirements and standards of our domestic and international customers, provide the desired quality product, and continually monitor and adapt to the changing market demand there can be no assurance that we will be able to keep up with the changing trends and adhere to all quality specifications mandated by governmental agencies. Any such change in preferences or our inability to meet the consistent quality requirements of our customers or adhere to the quality standards mandated by the government agencies and regulators could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

# **_15. In the past, our Promoter and Managing Director, Krishna Dushyant Rana has been sentenced to be detained in civil prison for three months._** 

In the past, a summary suit (no. 475 of 2010) had been filed by Cipla Limited (“plaintiff”) before the Hon'ble Bombay High Court against our Promoter, Krishna Dushyant Rana (as sole proprietor of M/s. D. B. Rana & Co.) for recovery of an amount of ₹32.53 million together with interest @ 18% p.a. on the principal sum of ₹28.41 million in relation to the goods sold, supplied and delivered by Cipla Limited to M/s. D. B. Rana & Co. for a total value of ₹30.02 million under 20 invoices between 03.10.2008 to 01.11.2008. As there was a default in making payment against the said invoices, Cipla Limited had accordingly filed the aforesaid Summary Suit and also initiated proceedings under Section 138 of the Negotiable Instruments Act, 1881 for dishonour of the cheques against our Promoter being the sole 

49 

proprietor of M/s. D. B. Rana & Co. By an Order dated 18.03.2011 passed by the Hon'ble Court, the summons for judgment was made absolute under Order XXXVII Rule 6 of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 and the suit was also decreed accordingly. By an Order dated August 31, 2016 passed by the Hon'ble Bombay High Court in Chamber Summons (No. 735 of 2013) in the above Summary Suit, the Hon'ble Court had held that our Promoter had disobeyed the orders made under Order XXI Rule 41 (2) of the code of civil procedure and sentenced our Promoter to be detained in civil prison for three months. In December 2022, the said matter was settled between the plaintiff and our Promoter. 

# **_16. A significant portion of our domestic sales are derived from the western zone and any adverse developments in this market could adversely affect our business._** 

Set forth below is certain information on our geography-wise domestic revenue from operations for the periods indicated: 

|**Zone**|**Break-up of t**<br>|**otal domestic revenu**<br>|**e from operations**<br>|**(%)**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|
||**For the period ended**<br>**September 30, 2023**|**Fiscal 2023**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|
|West|53.79%|62.93%|70.04%|56.17%|
|North|11.97%|13.59%|10.35%|21.09%|
|East|12.73%|10.56%|8.08%|12.95%|
|South|12.25%|7.39%|5.04%|4.44%|
|**Total**|**90.74%**|**94.46%**|**93.50%**|**94.65%**|



We have historically derived a significant portion of our revenue from sales in the western zone. For the period ended September 30, 2023 and for the Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 the revenue generated from sales in western zone represented 53.79%, 62.93%, 70.04% and 56.17% respectively of our revenue from domestic sales. Accordingly, any materially adverse social, political or economic development, natural calamities, civil disruptions, regulatory developments or changes in the policies of the state or local government in this region could adversely affect our manufacturing and distribution activities, result in modification of our business strategy or require us to incur significant capital expenditure, which will in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Further, our sales from this region may decline as a result of increased competition, regulatory action, pricing pressures, fluctuations in the demand for or supply of our products or services, or the outbreak of an infectious disease such as COVID-19. Our failure to effectively react to these situations or to successfully introduce new products or services in these markets could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The occurrence of, or our inability to effectively respond to, any such events or effectively manage the competition in the region, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future business prospects. 

**_17. We have experienced negative cash flows in relation to our operating, investing and financing activities in the last three financial years. Any negative cash flows in the future would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition._** 

Cash flow of a company is a key indicator to show the extent of cash generated from operations to meet its capital expenditure, pay dividends, repay loans and make new investments without raising finance from external resources. If we are not able to generate sufficient cash flow, it may adversely affect our business and financial operations. We experienced negative cash flows in the following periods as indicated in the table below: 

||||**_(₹_**|**_in million)_**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**For the period**<br>**ended September**|**Year ended**<br>**March 31,**|**Year ended**<br>**March 31,**|**Year ended**<br>**March 31,**|
||**30, 2023**|**2023**|**2022**|**2021**|



50 

|Net cash used/ generated from<br>operating activities|233.44|383.55|(148.93)|32.76|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Net cash used/ generated from<br>investing activities|(162.64)|(367.31)|(49.54)|(13.09)|
|Net cash used/ generated from<br>financing activities|(81.99)|4.74|190.01|(11.73)|
|Net increase/ (decrease) in cash<br>and cash equivalent|(11.19)|20.99|(8.46)|7.95|
|TradeReceivable|396.96|321.12|494.51|167.12|
|Provision for expected credit loss|13.15|10.06|8.70|0.74|



Our cash flows from operating activities for the Financial Year 2021-22 were negative as there was an increase in our inventory and debtors due to increase in sales. Our cash flows from investing activities were negative due to purchase of property, plant and equipment and also due to transfer of credit balance in current account to Bank's Fixed deposit account. Our cash flows from financial activities for Financial Year 2020-21 was negative due to distribution of profits of LLP to its partners (prior to our conversion into Company). 

There can be no assurance that our net cash flows shall be positive in the future. Any negative cash flows in the future over extended periods, or significant negative cash flows in the short term, could materially impact our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. As a result, our cash flows, business, future financial performance and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. For further details, see “ _Restated Financial Statements_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” beginning on pages 257 and 333, respectively. 

**_18. Our Company’s logo and some other trademarks are not registered as on date of this Red Herring Prospectus. However, applications for registration our trademarks have been filed with the trademarks authority. We may be unable to adequately protect our intellectual property and/ or be subject to claims alleging breach of third-party intellectual property rights._** 

As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have 3 applications pending under the Trademarks Act, 1999 to register our brands in the name of our Company with the trademark authority and hence, we do not enjoy the statutory protections accorded to registered logo and brands. These applications have been marked as ‘objected’ by the relevant authority. Additionally in the past, three of our trademark applications have been refused registration in India. Further, we have 4 trademarks including device and word mark ‘ 





’, ‘FLOWSTAR’ ‘HIGHSTAB’ and ‘ ’, which have been registered in the name of our Company. For further details, please refer chapter _“Government and Other Approvals”_ on page 368 of this Red Herring Prospectus _._ We cannot assure you that our applications for registration of our logo and brands will be granted by the relevant authorities in a timely manner or at all. Our logo and other brands are significant to our business and operations. The use of our logo or other brands by third parties could adversely affect our reputation which could, in turn, adversely affect our business and results of operations.  In the event our application is rejected by trademarks registry, our business, financial condition results of operation and cash flows would be adversely affected. Obtaining, protecting and defending intellectual property rights can be time consuming and expensive and may require us to incur substantial costs, including the diversion of the time and resources of management and technical personnel. 

Further, while we endeavor to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, there can be no assurance that we will not face any intellectual property infringement claims brought by third parties that may require us to introduce changes to our operations. Any claims of infringement, regardless of merit or resolution of such claims, could force us to incur significant costs in responding to, defending and resolving such claims and may divert the efforts and attention of our management and personnel away from our business. We could be required to pay third party infringement claims. In such cases, our financial conditions and business operations may be adversely impacted. 

51 

**_19. Majority of our Directors do not have any prior experience of being a director in any other listed company in India._** 

Our current Board comprises of seven directors which includes Chairperson and Managing Director, two executive directors and four non-executive and independent directors. Majority of our board of directors do have any prior experience of being a director in any other listed company in India. Further, majority of our executive directors do not have educational qualification relating to the business of our Company. While our Board members are qualified and have relevant experience in their respective field, not having any prior experience as being a director in any other listed company in India may present some potential challenges to our Company in effectively meeting with good corporate governance norms and practices. For further details, please see chapter titled “ _Our Management_ ” on page no. 226 of this Red Herring Prospectus.” 

**_20. Pricing pressure from customers may affect our gross margin, profitability and ability to increase our prices, which in turn may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Being in a competitive market, we face pricing pressures from our customers. Accordingly, PVC Stabilizers manufacturers like us must be able to reduce our operating costs in order to maintain profitability. Such price reductions may affect our sales and profit margins. If we are unable to offset customer price reductions in the future through improved operating efficiencies, new manufacturing processes, sourcing alternatives or other cost reduction initiatives, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. Our customers also negotiate for larger discounts in price as the volume of their orders increase. To maintain our profit margins, we seek price reductions from our suppliers, improved production processes to increase manufacturing efficiency to reduce costs. There can be no assurance that we will be able to avoid future customer price reductions or offset the impact of any such price reductions through continued technology improvements, improved operational efficiencies, cost-effective sourcing alternatives, new manufacturing processes, cost reductions or other productivity initiatives, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_21. Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on management estimates and we have not entered into any definitive arrangements to utilize certain portions of the Net Proceeds of the Issue. We have relied on the quotations received from third parties for estimation of the cost for our capital expenditure requirements and have not been independently appraised by a bank or a financial institution._** 

We intend to use ₹300.00 million out of the Net Proceeds of the Issue for meeting our working capital requirements as described in the section titled “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” on page 116 of this Red Herring Prospectus. The Objects of the Issue comprise of setting up the Proposed Facilities and for meeting working capital requirements of our Company and general corporate purposes. 

Further, we intend to utilise a portion of the Net Proceeds for funding our capital expenditure requirements which includes, inter alia, purchase of plant and machinery for our existing manufacturing facilities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to place orders for such plant and machinery, in a timely manner or at all. We have not entered into any definitive agreements to utilize the Net Proceeds for this object of the Issue and have relied on the quotations received from third parties for estimation of the cost. While we have obtained the quotations from various vendors in relation to such capital expenditure, most of these quotations are valid for a certain period of time and may be subject to revisions, and other commercial and technical factors. Additionally, in the event of any delay in placement of such orders, the proposed schedule implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds may be extended or may vary accordingly. We cannot assure you that we will be able to undertake such capital expenditure within the cost indicated by such quotations or that there will not be cost escalations. For details, see “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” on page 116. 

52 

The objects of the Issue have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution, and our funding requirement is based on current conditions, internal estimates, estimates received from the third party agencies and are subject to changes in external circumstances or costs, or in other financial condition, business or strategy. Based on the competitive nature of our industry, we may have to revise our business plan and/ or management estimates from time to time and consequently our funding requirements may also change. Such internal estimates may differ from the value that would have been determined by third party appraisals, which may require us to reschedule or reallocate our expenditure, subject to applicable laws. In case of increase in actual expenses or shortfall in requisite funds, additional funds for a particular activity will be met by any means available to us, including internal accruals and additional equity and/or debt arrangements, and may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Accordingly, investors in the Equity Shares will be relying on the judgment of our management regarding the application of the Net Proceeds. Further, pursuant to Section 27 of the Companies Act, any variation in the Objects of the Issue would require a special resolution of the shareholders and the promoter or controlling shareholders will be required to provide an exit opportunity to the shareholders who do not agree to such proposal to vary the Objects of the Issue, at such price and in such manner in accordance with applicable law. 

Our Company, in accordance with the applicable law and to attain the objects set out above, will have the flexibility to deploy the Net Proceeds. Pending utilisation of the Net Proceeds for the purposes described above, our Company may temporarily deposit the Net Proceeds within one or more scheduled commercial banks included in the Second Schedule of RBI Act as may be approved by our Board. We have appointed CRISIL Ratings Limited, a credit rating agency for monitoring the utilization of Net Proceeds in accordance with Regulation 41 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the monitoring agency will submit its report to us on a quarterly basis in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 

# **_22. Our Restated Financial Statements disclose certain contingent liabilities which if materialize, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operation._** 

As of September 30, 2023, our contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37 – Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, were as follows: 

# **<u>Contingent Liabilities:</u>** 

|||**_(₹ in Million)_**|
|---|---|---|
|**Sr. No.**|**Particulars**|**For the period ended**<br>**September 30, 2023**|
|1.|Bank Guarantee|43.20|
|2.|Capital Commitment(against land)|-|
||**Total**|43.20|



If a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. For further information on our contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37, see _“Restated Financial Statements – Note 37 – Contingent Liabilities and Commitments”_ on page 306 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_23. There have been some instances of delay/default in payment of statutory dues by our Company in the past._** 

There have been some instances of delay/default in payment of statutory dues by our Company in the past which were not material in nature and the same were regularized subsequently. For the last three Fiscals, our Company has generally been regular in depositing undisputed statutory dues such as Provident Fund, Employee State Insurance, Tax Deducted at Source, Income Tax, Goods and Service Tax Etc. and other statutory dues applicable to it (except for the delay in depositing of contribution to Employees’ Provident Fund and other dues for a period less than ninety days). As at September 30, 2023, March 31, 2023, March 

53 

31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, there were no outstanding amount of such undisputed statutory dues for a period exceeding six months from the date they became due for payment. 

There can be no assurance that delay or defaults with respect to payment of statutory dues will not occur in the future or that our audit reports for any future financial years will not contain any qualifications, matter of emphasis or other observations on account of such delay/default which in turn may affect our reputation and financial results. 

**_24. Our Manufacturing Facility, R&D Laboratory and registered office premises are have been taken on leave and license basis. If these leasehold /license agreements are terminated or not renewed on terms acceptable to us, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We are holding our Manufacturing Facility, R&D Laboratory and registered office premises on leave and license basis, details whereof are as under: 

|**Particulars**|**Valid upto**|**Licensor**|**Relationship**<br>**with Licensor**|
|---|---|---|---|
|Manufacturing<br>unit<br>situated<br>at<br>Industrial Shed No. 136, Gut No.<br>984, Plot No. 36, Shirgaon Village,<br>Palghar 401404, Maharashtra and<br>Industrial Shed No. 974, Gut No.<br>984, Plot No. 35, Shirgaon Village,<br>Palghar 401404, Maharashtra.|January 31, 2028<br>(for Shed No. 136)<br>and January 31,<br>2028 (for Shed No.<br>974)|Mohammed<br>Ali<br>Siraj Kureshi, Siraj<br>Nasir<br>Ahmad<br>Mistry, Akhtarbano<br>Siraj Mistri<br>and<br>Bharat R.Singh|None|
|R&D Laboratory situated at Gut No.<br>181/11 to 181/26, Dhansar Village,<br>Palghar, Dist. Palghar - 401 404.|May 31, 2027|Neon<br>Laboratories<br>Limited|None|
|Registered office situated at Unit No.<br>841, 4th Floor, Solitaire Corporate<br>Park-8,<br>Andheri<br>Kurla<br>Road,<br>Andheri (E), Mumbai – 400093,<br>Maharashtra.|October 31, 2026|Hema<br>House<br>&<br>Buildtech<br>Private<br>Limited|None|



We cannot assure you that we shall continue to be able to operate out of our existing premises or renew our existing licenses at favourable terms or at all. In case of any deficiency in the title of the licensors from whose premises we operate, breach of the contractual terms of any license, or if any of the owners of these premises do not renew the agreements under which we occupy the premises, or if they seek to renew such agreements on terms and conditions unfavourable to us, or if they terminate our agreements, we may suffer a disruption in our operations and shall have to look for alternate premises. Any such event may adversely impact our operations and cash flows and may divert our management’s attention from our business operations. 

In the event of relocation, we may be required to obtain fresh regulatory licenses and approvals. Until we receive these, we may suffer disruptions in our operations and our business which may adversely affect our financial condition. 

**_25. Our Promoters have extended personal guarantees in connection with some of our debt facilities. There can be no assurance that such personal guarantees will be continued to be provided by our Promoters in future or can be called at any time, affecting the financial arrangements._** 

Our Promoters Krishna Dushyant Rana and Parul Krishna Rana have provided personal guarantees to secure our existing borrowings which are continuing and are in force as on the date of Red Herring Prospectus. 

54 

As on this date, following were the bank guarantees extended by our Promoters as security for borrowings availed by our Company: 

|**Name of the Lender**|**Amount**<br>**of**<br>**loan**<br>**guaranteed**<br>**(in**<br>**million)**|**Nature of Loan**|**Name**<br>**of**<br>**the**<br>**extending personal**|**promoters**<br>**guarantee**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Bank of Maharashtra|100.00|Working Capital<br>Facility|Krishna Dushyant<br>Parul Krishna Rana|Rana and<br>|



In the event that any of these guarantees are revoked or invoked, the lenders for such facilities may require alternative guarantees or collateral or cancellation, entailing repayment of amounts outstanding under such facilities as applicable. If we are unable to procure alternative guarantees satisfactory to our lenders, we may need to seek alternative sources of capital, which may not be available to us at commercially reasonable terms or at all, or to agree to more onerous terms under our financing agreements, which may limit our operational flexibility. Accordingly, our business, the financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects may be adversely affected by the revocation of all or any of the personal guarantees provided by our Promoters in connection with our Company’s borrowings. 

# **_26. We are dependent on our Promoters, Directors and a number of key managerial personnel and the loss of, or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We are dependent on our Promoters, Directors and key managerial personnel for setting our strategic business direction and managing our business. Our Promoter, being Managing Director of our Company and several of our key managerial personnel have extensive experience in the chemical sector. Our ability to meet continued success and future business challenges depends on our ability to attract, recruit and retain experienced, talented and skilled professionals. Without a sufficient number of skilled employees, our operations and manufacturing quality could suffer. 

The attrition rate in respect of our employees and labour is as under: 

|**Particulars**|**For**<br>**the**<br>**period**<br>**ended December 31,**<br>**2023**|**Fiscal 2023**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|KMP|-|-|-|-|
|SMP|-|-|-|-|
|Other Employees|23.13%|41.38%|59.34%|42.11%|
|Labour|15.79%|21.05%|60.38%|85.71%|



We may experience similar attrition rates in the future. A significant increase in the attrition rate among skilled employees could decrease our operating efficiency and productivity and could lead to a decline in the profitability of our Company. The competition for qualified technical personnel and operators is intense, both in retaining our existing employees and when replacing or finding additional suitable employees. If we cannot hire additional qualified personnel or retain them, our ability to expand our business will be impacted. 

We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting and retaining suitable employees. The loss of the services of our key personnel or our inability to recruit or train a sufficient number of experienced personnel or our inability to manage the attrition levels in different employee categories may have an adverse effect on our financial results and business prospects. 

**_27. Restrictions on import of raw materials may impact our business and results of operations._** 

55 

We currently import some portion of our raw materials from China, Indonesia, Germany etc. The raw material imports are regulated by certain specific laws and regulations that permit concerned authorities to stop any import if it is deemed that the goods proposed to be imported may be hazardous. While the raw materials we import may not be hazardous in nature, we cannot assure you that such regulations will not be made applicable to us or that such regulations will not evolve into more stringent regulations, which would place onerous requirements on us and consequently restrict our ability to import raw materials. While we have not in the recent past experienced any challenges in importing such materials, we cannot assure you that we will not experience any such challenges in the future. For the period ended September 30, 2023, Fiscal 2023, Fiscals 2022 and Fiscal 2021, our purchase of imported raw materials and components consumed amounts to ₹176.26 million, ₹ 407.66 million, ₹332.25 million and ₹98.32 million, representing 22.95%, 31.78%, 38.05% and 16.66%, respectively, of our total raw material purchase. In light of the COVID-19 pandemic and the war scenario in Eastern Europe, the import of raw materials could be affected in the future. In the event we are unable to import these materials, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in identifying alternate suppliers for raw materials or we will be able to source the raw materials at favourable terms in a timely manner or at all. Any change in law or applicable governmental policies relating to imports, change in international geo-political situations, restriction on import of raw materials could have an adverse effect on our ability to deliver products to our distributors, business and results of operations. 

# **_28. We may not be able to identify or effectively respond to evolving preferences, expectations or trends in a timely manner, and a failure to derive the desired benefits from our product development efforts may impact our competitiveness and profitability._** 

The success of our business depends in part on our ability to anticipate, identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics and preferences, customer expectations, needs and demands, and develop new/ products to meet these requirements. Currently, there is a shift from lead based stabilizers to nonlead based stabilizers and organic stabilizers. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, and other trends that affect demographic and end-customer preferences in a variety of our stabilizers. 

We cannot assure you that our future product development initiatives will be successful or be completed within the anticipated period or budget, or that our newly developed or improvised products will achieve wide market acceptance from our distributors. Even if these products have been successfully developed, there is no guarantee that they will be accepted by our customers/distributors and achieve anticipated sales targets in a profitable manner, which may affect our ability to grow our network of customers/distributors and gain market share. In addition, there can be no guarantee that the time and effort that we spend in developing these products would be beneficial to our Company. This could also adversely affect our ability to pursue our growth strategy of continuing to develop niche and products to grow our market share. Further, we cannot assure you that our existing or potential competitors will not develop products that are similar or superior to our products. It is often difficult to estimate the time to market new products and there is a substantial risk that we may have to abandon a potential product that is no longer commercially viable, even after we have invested significant resources in the development of such product. If we fail in our product launching efforts, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected. 

Further, as we continue to grow our business by expanding our products, brand offerings and our geographic reach, maintaining quality and consistency may be more difficult and there can be no assurance that the customers/distributors’ confidence in our brand will not diminish. Failure or any delay on our part to identify such trends, to align our business successfully and maintain quality could negatively affect our brand image, our relationship with our customers/distributors, the rate of growth of our business, our market share and our prospects. 

56 

**_29. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with our Shareholders._** 

In the ordinary course of our business, we enter into and will continue to enter into transactions with related parties. For further information on our related party transactions, please see “ _Note 34_ – _Related Party Transactions_ ” in the chapter titled “ _Restated Financial Statements_ ” on page 305. While that all such related party transactions that we have entered into are conducted on an arms’ length basis in accordance with the Companies Act and other applicable regulations pertaining to the evaluation and approval of such transactions and all related party transactions that we may enter into post-listing, will be subject to audit committee, board or shareholder approval, as necessary under the Companies Act and the Listing Regulations, in the interest of our Company and its minority shareholders and in compliance with the Listing Regulations, we cannot assure you these arrangements in the future, or any future related party transactions that we may enter into, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

**_30. Improper storage, processing and handling of raw materials and finished products may cause damage to our inventory leading to an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our inventory primarily consists of raw materials including stearic acid, litharge, zeolite, methyl tin etc. Our manufacturing processes involve storage and transportation of various hazardous substances such as Bisphenol A. Some of our raw materials are susceptible to damage, if they come in contact with the air and water, which may affect the quality of the finished product. In the event such a contamination is detected during quality checks, we may be required to discard the batches resulting in lower capacity utilizations, which could affect our financial condition or results of operations. Also, improper storage may result in higher than usual wastage of inventory due to mishandling, which may also require us to incur additional expenses in replacing or reprocessing that portion of the inventory and/ or incur additional expenses in maintenance and improvement of our storage infrastructure, which may adversely affect our profit margins. 

**_31. Our Company, its Promoter, and our Directors are party to certain legal proceedings. Any adverse outcome in such proceedings may have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our Company, Promoters and some of our Directors are currently involved in certain legal proceedings. These legal proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and other authorities. In the event of any adverse rulings in these proceedings or the consequent levying of penalties, we may need to make payments or make provisions for future payments, which may increase our expenses and current or contingent liabilities. 

The summary of outstanding litigation involving our Company, Promoters, and Directors as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus have been provided below in accordance with the materiality policy adopted by our Board. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there are no outstanding litigation proceedings involving our Group Companies, the outcome of which could have a material impact on our Company. For details, please see _“Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments”_ on page 360. 

|**Name of the**<br>**Entity**|**Criminal**<br>**proceedings**|**Tax**<br>**proceedings**|**Statutory or**<br>**regulatory**<br>**proceedings**|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions by**<br>**SEBI or stock**<br>**exchanges**<br>**against our**<br>**Promoter**|**Material**<br>**civil**<br>**litigations**|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**<br>**involved**<br>**(₹ in**<br>**million)**<sup>(1)</sup>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Company**|||||||
|By the Company|5|-|-|-|-|2.06|



57 

|Against<br>the<br>Company|-|-|5|-|-|9.11<sup>(2)</sup>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Directors**|||||||
|By the Directors|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|Against<br>the<br>Directors|-|1|-|-|-|0.15|
|**Promoters**|||||||
|By the Promoters|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|Against<br>the<br>Promoters|-|-|5|-|-|3.22|
|**Subsidiaries**|||||||
|By<br>the<br>Subsidiaries|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|Against<br>the<br>Subsidiaries|-|-|-|-|-|-|



> (1) _To the extent quantifiable_ 

> (2) _Pursuant to Deed of Indemnity dated September 25, 2023, our Promoter Parul Krishna Rana has agreed to indemnify and keep harmless our Company against all losses, damages, demands, actions, disputes, claims, costs, charges and expenses of any nature that may be suffered or sustained by our Company in connection with the aforesaid applications._ 

The amounts mentioned above may be subject to additional interest/ penalties being levied by the concerned authorities which have not been included above as not being ascertainable as on date of this Red Herring Prospectus. We cannot assure you that these proceedings will be decided in favour of our Company, Promoters or our Directors, as the case may be. Any adverse decision in such proceedings may render us liable to penalties and may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and financial condition. Additionally, during the course of our business we are subject to risk of litigation in relation to contractual obligations, employment and labour laws, personal injury and property damage, etc. 

Furthermore, if we get involved in disputes with third-parties in the course of our operations such as suppliers, customers and sub- contractors, the same may lead to legal or other proceedings and may result in substantial costs, delays in our development and operation schedule, and the diversion of resources and management’s attention, regardless of the outcome. We may also have disagreements with regulatory authorities in the course of our operations, which may subject us to legal proceedings and unfavourable decisions that may result in penalties or delay or disrupt our development and operations. 

# **_32. Our Company has outstanding unsecured loans that may be recalled by the lenders at any time._** 

Our Company has taken unsecured loans at an interest rate varying between 10.00% p.a. to 12.00% p.a. which may be recalled by the lenders at any time. In such cases, the lender is empowered to require repayment of the facility at any point in time during the tenor. In case the loan is recalled on demand by the lender and our Company is unable to repay the outstanding amounts under the facility at that point, it would constitute an event of default. As a result of any such demand with respect to the loans of our Company may affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. For the period ended September 30, 2023, fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022, and March 31, 2021 we had outstanding unsecured loans amounting to ₹99.60 million, ₹ 125.30 million, ₹ 162.49 million and ₹ 24.25 million respectively which constituted 86.93%, 71.89%, 67.03% and 74.35% of the total borrowings respectively. For further details, please refer to chapter titled “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” beginning on page 358. 

**_33. There have been some instances of delay/ default in payment of statutory dues by our Company in the past. Any delay in payment of such statutory dues or non-payment of statutory dues in dispute_** 

58 

# **_may attract financial penalties from the respective government authorities and in turn may have an adverse impact on our financial condition and cash flows._** 

There have been some instances of delay/ default in payment of statutory dues by our Company in the past which were not material in nature and the same were regularized subsequently. For the last three Fiscals and the period ended September 30, 2023, our Company has generally been regular in depositing undisputed statutory dues such as Provident Fund, Employee State Insurance, Tax deducted at source, Income Tax, Good and Service Tax etc. and other statutory dues applicable to it, except on the following occasions: (i) Provident Fund dues of ₹ 0.00 million for Fiscal 2020, ₹ 0.04 million for Fiscal 2021 and ₹ 0.05 million for the month of April 2023; (ii) Employees’ State Insurance dues of ₹ 0.01 million for Fiscal 2021 and ₹ 0.08 million for Fiscal 2022; (iii) Professional Tax of ₹ 0.03 million for Fiscal 2021 and ₹ 0.04 million for Fiscal 2022; (iv) GST of ₹ 6.25 million for Fiscal 2021, ₹ 9.91 million for Fiscal 2022 and ₹ 6.92 million for Fiscal 2023; and (v) TDS of ₹ 1.26 million for Fiscal 2021, ₹ 6.07 million for Fiscal 2022, ₹ 2.74 million for Fiscal 2023 and ₹ 0.14 million for the period ended September 30, 2023. The aforesaid undisputed statutory dues have been paid subsequently. 

There can however be no assurance that delays or default with respect to payment of statutory dues will not occur in the future or that our audit reports for any future financial years will not contain any qualifications, matters of emphasis or other observations on account of such delay/default which in turn may affect our reputation and financial results. 

# **_34. Any unscheduled or prolonged disruption of our manufacturing operations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Any unscheduled or prolonged disruption of our manufacturing operations, including power failure, fire and unexpected mechanical failure of equipment, obsolescence, labour disputes, strikes, lock-outs, earthquakes and other natural disasters, industrial accidents or any significant social, political or economic disturbances, or infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could reduce our ability to manufacture our products and adversely affect sales and revenues from operations in such period. The production activities at our manufacturing facility were halted during the period March 22, 2020 to April 17, 2020 which resulted in our production capacity being unutilized for the said period. The occurrence of any such incidents could also result in a destruction of certain assets and adversely affect our results of operations. Any such disruption may interrupt our operations, which may interfere with manufacturing process, requiring us to either stop our operations or repeat activities that may involve additional time and increase our costs. In particular, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, operations at our manufacturing facility were temporary suspended in the month of April 2020 owing to the lockdown imposed by the Government, and we subsequently resumed operations in a phased manner in May 2020. Further, in the first quarter of Fiscal 2022 there were market disruptions due to restrictions imposed by state governments on account of COVID-19 which impacted our revenues. Our distributors rely on the timely delivery of our products and our ability to provide an uninterrupted supply of our products is critical to our business. Although we take precautions to minimize the risk of any significant operational problems at our manufacturing facilities, our distributor relationships, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, may be adversely affected by any disruption of operations at our manufacturing facilities, including due to any of the factors mentioned above. 

Disruptions in our manufacturing operations could delay production or require us to temporarily cease operations at our manufacturing facilities. We may be subject to manufacturing disruptions due to contraventions by us of any of the conditions of our regulatory approvals, which may require our manufacturing facilities to cease, or limit, production until the disputes concerning such approvals are resolved. As regulatory approvals are site specific, we may be unable to transfer manufacturing activities to another location immediately. Similarly, there is no assurance that those of our manufacturing facilities unaffected by an interruption will have the capacity to increase their output to manufacture products for the affected manufacturing facilities, to the extent that all outstanding orders will be fulfilled in a timely manner. In the event of prolonged interruptions in the operations of our manufacturing facilities, we may 

59 

have to make alternate arrangements for supplies and products in order to meet our production requirements, which could affect our profitability. 

**_35. Some of our Group Companies and Subsidiaries are authorized to carry on similar line of business as our Company which may lead to real or potential conflicts of interest for our Promoters or Directors._** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, some of our Group Companies namely, Rivaan Plastchem Private Limited, DBR Chemicals Private Limited, and Subsidiaries namely Platinum Stabilizers Egypt LLC engaged in the business of manufacturing of PVC stabilizers, Platinum Global Additives Private Limited are authorised by their respective constitutional documents to engage in lines of business similar to that of our Company. Although, as on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, the aforesaid Group Companies are not into the manufacturing of the same products as our Company, future conflicts of interests may arise in allocating business opportunities among our Company and Group Companies in circumstances where our respective interests diverge. Our Promoters, Directors, their related entities and our Group Companies may compete with us or our Subsidiaries and have no obligation to direct any opportunities to us or our Subsidiaries. While necessary procedures and practices may be adopted as permitted by law to address any instances of conflict of interest, if and when they may arise, we cannot assure you that these or other conflicts of interest will be resolved in an impartial manner. 

**_36. Our business is working capital intensive. Our net working capital requirements as at September 30, 2023, March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 were ₹ 578.64 million, ₹ 458.44 million, ₹ 386.12 million, and ₹ 34.82 million, respectively. If we experience insufficient cash flows from our operations or are unable to borrow to meet our working capital requirements, it may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our business requires significant amount of working capital primarily as a considerable amount of time passes between purchase of raw materials and collection of receivables post sales to customers. As a result, we are required to maintain sufficient stock at all times in order to meet manufacturing requirements as well as extend credit period to customers as per the industry practice, thus increasing our storage and working capital requirements. Consequently, there could be situations where the total funds available may not be sufficient to fulfil our commitments and hence we may need to incur additional indebtedness in the future, or utilize internal accruals to satisfy our working capital needs. Our future success depends on our ability to continue to secure and successfully manage sufficient amounts of working capital. Further, our ability to arrange financing and the costs of capital of such financing are dependent on numerous factors, including general economic and capital market conditions and the effect of events such as the COVID-19 pandemic, credit availability from banks, investor confidence, the continued success of our operations and other laws that are conducive to our raising capital in this manner. The table below sets forth details of our working capital as at period ended September 30, 2023, and for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, and the source of funding: 

|**Particulars**|**As at period**<br>**ended September**<br>**30, 2023**|**As at**<br>**March 31,**<br>**2023**|**As at**<br>**March 31,**<br>**2022**|_(₹ in million)_<br>**As at**<br>**March**<br>**31, 2021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**_Current Assets_**|||||
|Inventories|148.35|175.83|154.89|59.78|
|Trade receivables|364.21|332.92|445.16|166.38|
|Cash and bank balances|252.39|109.85|42.06|12.08|
|Other<br>financial<br>assets<br>and<br>current assets|46.08|51.27|88.83|23.40|
|Total Current Assets(A)|811.03|669.87|730.94|261.64|
|**_Current Liabilities_**|||||
|Tradepayables|140.63|128.75|271.31|193.81|



60 

|Other financial liabilities|35.26|26.68|26.06|8.92|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Other current liabilities|56.50|56|47.45|24.09|
|Total Current Liabilities(B)|232.39|211.43|344.82|226.82|
|**Net**<br>**Working**<br>**Capital**<br>**Requirements(A-B)**|**578.64**|**458.44**|**386.12**|**34.82**|
|**_Source of funds_**|||||
|Borrowings|69.87|163.85|237.4|25.74|
|Internal accruals / Net working<br>capital|508.77|294.59|148.72|9.08|



As we pursue our growth plan, we may be required to raise additional funds by incurring further indebtedness or issuing additional equity to meet our capital expenditures in the future. If we experience insufficient cash flows or are unable to borrow funds on a timely basis, or, at all, to meet our working capital and other requirements, or to pay our debts, it could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Management of our working capital requirements involves the timely payment of, or rolling over of, our short-term indebtedness and securing new and additional loans on acceptable terms, or re-negotiation of our payment terms for, our trade payables, collection of trade receivables and preparing and following accurate and feasible budgets for our business operations. If we are unable to manage our working capital requirements, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. There can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively manage our working capital. Should we fail to effectively implement sufficient internal control procedures and management systems to manage our working capital and other sources of financing, we may have insufficient capital to maintain and grow our business and we may breach the terms of our financing agreements with banks, face claims under cross-default provisions and be unable to obtain new financing, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. For further information on the working capital facilities currently availed of by us, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” beginning on page 358 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_37. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan or maintain high levels of service and satisfaction, and our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected._** 

We have experienced significant growth in our revenue from operations and profitability in the last three Fiscals and anticipate that we will continue to potentially grow, expand into new geographies and take advantage of market opportunities. For the period ended September 30, 2023, Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, our revenue from operations were ₹ 1,197.08 million, ₹ 2,340.56 million, ₹ 1,841.61 million and ₹ 891.41 million, respectively. Our revenue from operations have grown from ₹ 891.41 million in Fiscal 2021 to ₹ 2,340.56 million in Fiscal 2023, registering a CAGR of 62.04% in last three fiscal years. For the period ended September 30, 2023, Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, our PAT were ₹ 229.68 million, ₹ 361.96 million, ₹ 155.48 million and ₹ 48.20 million, respectively. Our PAT have grown from ₹ 48.20 million in Fiscal 2021 to ₹ 361.96 million in Fiscal 2023, registering a CAGR of 174.04% in last three fiscal years. 

The success of our business will depend greatly on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategy. Our growth strategy includes growing our product portfolio, strengthening our brand, deepening our penetration in existing markets and expanding our presence in select new territories and expanding our manufacturing capacities. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Strategies_ ” on page 201 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Many factors may contribute to a decline in our revenue growth rates, including increased competition, slowing demand for our product from existing and new Customers, reduced market acceptance of our products, inability to attract new customers, general economic conditions, government actions and policies, a failure by us to continue capitalizing on growth opportunities, changes in the regulatory framework, availability of an alternate to our product, non-availability of raw materials at competitive pricing and the maturation of our business, among others. We cannot assure you that our current and 

61 

planned systems, policies, procedures and controls, personnel and third-party relationships will be adequate to support our future operations. Our inability to effectively manage any of these issues may adversely affect our business growth and, as a result, impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

To manage operations and personnel growth, we will need to continue to grow and improve our operational, financial, and management controls and our reporting systems and procedures. We will require significant funds and allocation of valuable management resources to expand our technology and infrastructure without any assurances that our net revenue will increase. Failure to manage our anticipated growth and organizational changes in a manner that preserves the key aspects of our culture could reduce our ability to recruit and retain personnel, innovate, operate effectively, and execute on our business strategy, potentially adversely affecting our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

We will need to adapt and upgrade our controls, policies, procedures and overall operations to accommodate our growing operations and supporting personnel. Moreover, the speed with which our internal controls and procedures are implemented or adapted to changing regulatory or commercial requirements may be inadequate to ensure full and immediate compliance, leaving us vulnerable to inconsistencies and failures that may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

In addition, there may be delays in the anticipated timing of activities related to such growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans; increased difficulty and cost in implementing these efforts; and the incurrence of other unexpected costs associated with operating the business. Any of these factors could adversely impact our results of operations. If, for any reason, the benefits we realize are less than our estimates or the implementation of these growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans adversely affect our operations or cost more or take longer to effectuate than we expect, or if our assumptions prove inaccurate, our results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

# **_38. We are dependent on third-party transportation providers for the supply of raw materials and delivery of our finished products._** 

Our success depends on the supply and transport of the various raw materials required for our manufacturing facilities and of our finished products from our manufacturing facilities to our depots and further to our distributors, which are subject to various uncertainties and risks. We use third-party freight and transportation providers for the delivery of our products to distributors. We maintain marine cargo open insurance policy to cover any damage to our products during transit. Transportation strikes, if any, could have an adverse effect on supplies and deliveries to and from our distributors and suppliers. Further, on account of the COVID-19 pandemic, our manufacturing operations were shut down and our third-party transportation providers’ operations were also closed during the lockdown imposed by the Government. 

In addition, raw materials and finished products may be lost or damaged in transit for various reasons including occurrence of accidents or natural disasters. There may also be a delay in delivery of raw materials and products which may also affect our business and results of operations negatively. Our average stock of finished goods for the period ended September 30, 2023, Fiscals 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 was ₹ 39.79 million, ₹ 26.43 million, ₹ 13.31 million and ₹ 14.28 million respectively and raw material for the period ended September 30, 2023, Fiscals 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 was ₹ 196.00 million, ₹ 179.76 million, ₹ 90.12 million and ₹42.85 million respectively. In the event we fail to maintain a sufficient volume of raw materials and delivery of such materials to us is delayed, we may be unable to meet distributor orders in a timely manner or at all, which could result in the distributor’s inability to meet end-customer orders. Any such inability may result in loss of sales opportunities that our competitors may capitalize on, thereby adversely affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any compensation received from insurers or third-party transportation providers may be insufficient to cover the cost of any delays and will not repair damage to our relationships with our affected distributors We may also be affected by an increase in fuel costs, as it will have a 

62 

corresponding impact on freight charges levied by our third-party transportation providers. Our freight and forwarding charges were ₹ 32.40 million, ₹ 68.65 million, ₹ 73.66 million and ₹ 21.61 million for the period ended September 30, 2023, Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 respectively. This could require us to expend considerable resources in addressing our distribution requirements, including by way of absorbing these excess freight charges to maintain our selling price, which could adversely affect our results of operations or passing these charges on to our customers, which could adversely affect demand for our products. 

**_39. Some of our Promoters, Directors, and Key Managerial Personnel have interests other than reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits in our Company._** 

Some of our Promoters, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are interested in our Company in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses from our Company, and such interests are to the extent of their shareholding and shareholding of their relatives in our Company, payment of dividend or distributions thereon. There has been no transaction with our senior management personnel. For the payments that are made by our Company to related parties including remuneration to our Directors, see “ _Issue Document Summary – Summary of Related Party Transactions_ ”, “ _Our Management_ ” “ _Our Promoter and Promoter Group_ ” on page 32, 226 and 249 respectively. Additionally, our Promoters, Krishna Dushyant Rana and Parul Krishna Rana, have provided personal guarantees for certain of our borrowings, which has been sanctioned ₹ 100.00 million as of June 15, 2023 and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected by the revocation of all or any of the guarantees provided by our Promoters in connection with our Company’s borrowings.  For more information, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 358. 

# **_40. Information relating to the installed production capacity and capacity utilization of our production units included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity may vary._** 

Information relating to the installed manufacturing capacity and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates of our management that have been taken into account by M/s. Orbit Consultants & Valuers an independent chartered engineer certificate dated July 04, 2023, in the calculation of the installed manufacturing capacity of, and actual productions volumes at, our manufacturing facility. The assumptions and estimates include the standard capacity calculation practices of the PVC stabilizers industry after examining the period during which the manufacturing facility operated in a year, expected operations, availability of raw materials, downtime resulting from scheduled maintenance activities, unscheduled breakdowns, as well as expected operational efficiencies, and taking into account the number of working days in a year, number of days in a month, number of shifts in a day, and average number of batches per day. The actual manufacturing capacity, production levels and utilization rates may therefore vary from the information of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus or from the historical installed manufacturing capacity information of our manufacturing facilities depending on the product type. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on our historical installed capacity information for our existing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_41. Pursuant to listing of the Equity Shares, we may be subject to pre-emptive surveillance measures like additional surveillance measure (“ASM”) and graded surveillance measures (“GSM”) by the Stock Exchanges in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard the interest of investors._** 

SEBI and Stock Exchanges, in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard interest of investors, have been introducing various enhanced pre-emptive surveillance measures. The main objective of such measures is to alert and advice investors to be extra cautious while dealing in these securities and advice market participants to carry out necessary due diligence while dealing in these securities. Accordingly, SEBI and Stock Exchanges have provided for (a) GSM on securities where such trading price of such securities does not commensurate with financial health and fundamentals such as earnings, book value, fixed assets, net-worth, price per equity multiple and market capitalization; and (b) ASM on securities 

63 

with surveillance concerns based on objective parameters such as price and volume variation and volatility. On listing, we may be subject to general market conditions which may include significant price and volume fluctuations. The price of our Equity Shares may also fluctuate after the Issue due to several factors such as volatility in the Indian and global securities market, our profitability and performance, performance of our competitors, changes in the estimates of our performance or any other political or economic factor. The occurrence of any of the abovementioned factors may trigger the parameters identified by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges for placing securities under the GSM or ASM framework such as net worth and net fixed assets of securities, high low variation in securities, client concentration and close to close price variation. In the event our Equity Shares are covered under such pre-emptive surveillance measures implemented by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges, we may be subject to certain additional restrictions in relation to trading of our Equity Shares such as limiting trading frequency (for example, trading either allowed once in a week or a month) or freezing of price on upper side of trading which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Equity Shares or may in general cause disruptions in the development of an active market and trading for our Equity Shares. 

**_42. We may be subject to significant risks and hazards when operating and maintaining our Manufacturing Facility, for which our insurance coverage might not be adequate._** 

Our total insurance cover includes property, plant and equipment and inventory, for the period ended September 30, 2023, Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 was ₹ 476.36 million, ₹ 385.23 million, ₹ 179.50 million and ₹ 95.00 million respectively, which was 127.85%, 91.09%, 90.08% and 98.84%, respectively of our net block of property, plant and equipment (excluding land), and inventory as per restated financial information. As of March 31, 2023, we operate from one unit situated in the state of Maharashtra. We generally perform scheduled and unscheduled maintenance and operating and other asset management services. The manufacturing of products involves handling of certain risky material which, if not handled properly, can be dangerous. In addition to natural risks such as earthquake, flood, lightning, cyclones and wind, other hazards, such as fire, structural collapse and machinery failure are inherent risks in our operations. They can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment and may result in the suspension of operations. The occurrence of any one of these events may result in our being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages, including for cleanup costs, personal injury and property damage and fines and/ or penalties. There have been no instances in the last three years. 

We maintain an amount of insurance protection that we consider adequate including insurance policy covering fire, damage to buildings, plant and machinery, stocks (raw materials and finished goods), vehicles and policy covering damage to goods in domestic transit. We may not have identified every risk and further may not be insured against every risk because such risks are either uninsurable or not insurable on commercially acceptable terms, including operational risk that may occur and the occurrence of an event that causes losses in excess of the limits specified in our policies, or losses arising from events or risks not covered by insurance policies such as COVID-19 and other pandemics, or due to the same being inadequate, could materially harm our cash flows, financial condition and future results of operations. However, we cannot provide any assurance that our insurance will be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which we may be subject. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage, or successful assertion of one or more large claims against us for events for which we are not insured, or which exceeds our insurance coverage, or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial performance and cash flows could be adversely affected. For further information on our insurance arrangements, see _“Our Business – Insurance”_ on page 210 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_43. The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoters may be lower than the Floor Price._** 

64 

The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by Krishna Dushyant Rana and Parul Krishna Rana, the Promoters may be lower than the Floor Price is set out below. 

|**Name of Promoters**|**No. of Equity Shares held**|**Average cost of acquisition**<br>**(in****_₹_)**<sup>**#**</sup>|
|---|---|---|
|Krishna Dushyant Rana|25,342,880|0.26|
|Parul Krishna Rana|13,644,150|0.26|



> **#** _As certified_ by _M/s. AMS & Co., Chartered Accountants, by way of their certificate dated January 23, 2024_ 

For further details regarding the average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by the Promoters in our Company, please see “Capital Structure – The average cost of acquisition of or subscription of shares by our Promoters” on page 113 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_44. Stringent environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or stringent enforcement of existing environmental, health and safety laws and regulations may result in increased liabilities and increased capital expenditures._** 

Our operations are subject to environmental, health and safety and other regulatory and/ or statutory requirements in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We are subject to various national, state, municipal and local laws and regulations concerning environmental protection in India. Non-compliance with these laws and regulations could expose us to civil penalties, criminal sanctions and revocation of key business licenses. Environmental laws and regulations in India are becoming more stringent and the scope and extent of new environmental regulations, including their effect on our operations, cannot be predicted with any certainty. In case of any change in environmental or pollution regulations, we may be required to invest in, among other things, environmental monitoring, pollution control equipment and emissions management. 

As a consequence of unanticipated regulatory or other developments, future environmental and regulatory related expenditures may vary substantially from those currently anticipated. We cannot assure you that our costs of complying with current and future environmental laws and other regulations will not adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. In addition, we could incur substantial costs, our products could be restricted from entering certain markets and we could face other sanctions, if we were to violate or become liable under environmental laws or if our products become noncompliant with applicable regulations. Our potential exposure includes fines and civil or criminal sanctions, third-party property damage or personal injury claims and clean-up costs. The amount and timing of costs under environmental laws are difficult to predict. 

# **_45. Changes in technology may affect our business by making our unit or equipment less competitive._** 

Our profitability and competitiveness are to a certain extent dependent on our ability to respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis. Changes in technology may make newer generation manufacturing equipment more competitive than ours or may require us to make additional capital expenditures to upgrade our units. Our inability to continue to invest in new and more advanced technologies and equipment, may result in our inability to respond to emerging industry standards and practices in a cost-effective and timely manner that is competitive with other manufacturing companies and other methods of manufacturing. The development and implementation of such technology entails technical and business risks. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully implement new technologies or adapt our processing systems to emerging industry standards. If we are unable to adapt in a timely manner to changing market conditions or technological changes, our business and financial performance could be adversely affected. 

65 

**_46. Our manufacturing activities are dependent on the delivery of adequate and uninterrupted supply of electrical power at a reasonable cost. Any shortage or any prolonged interruption or increase in the cost of power could adversely affect our business, result of operations, financial conditions and cash flows._** 

Adequate, uninterrupted and cost-effective supply of electrical power is critical to our operations. We have our manufacturing facility at Village Shirgaon, Palghar, Maharashtra which depends on the delivery of an adequate and uninterrupted supply of electrical power. We rely upon diesel generator sets to ensure continuity of operations in case of power outage. There have been no major instances of power failure in the last three years. For further details, see “ _Our Business – Manufacturing Facility_ ” on page 204 of this Red Herring Prospectus. There can be no assurance that electricity supplied to our existing manufacturing facility will be sufficient to meet our requirements or that we will be able to procure adequate and uninterrupted power supply in the future at a reasonable cost. If the per unit cost of electricity is increased by the state electricity board our power cost will increase. An interruption in or limited supply of electricity may result in suspension of our manufacturing operations. A prolonged suspension in production could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

**_47. Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report from CRISIL Market Intelligence & Analytics, a division of CRISIL Limited which has been commissioned and paid by us for such purpose exclusively in connection with the Issue. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate._** 

We have availed the services of an independent third-party research agency, CRISIL Limited, to prepare an industry report titled “ _Assessment of the PVC Stabilizers Industry_ ” dated February 2024, for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Red Herring Prospectus. Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus include information based on, or derived from, the CRISIL Report or extracts of the CRISIL Report. Our Company commissioned and paid for this report for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Issue. The CRISIL Report has been exclusively prepared for the purposes of the Issue. Our Company, our Promoters and our Directors are not related to CRISIL Limited. All such information in this Red Herring Prospectus indicates the CRISIL Report as its source. The industry sources and publications generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources generally believed to be reliable, but that their accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed and their reliability cannot be assured. The industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which we conduct our business, and methodologies and assumptions vary widely amongst different industry sources. Furthermore, such assumptions may change based on various factors. Furthermore, the commissioned report is not a recommendation to invest or disinvest in our Company and shall not be construed as an expert advice or investment advice. Prospective investors are advised not to unduly rely on the CRISIL Report or extracts thereof as included in this Red Herring Prospectus, when making their investment decisions. 

**_48. Exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our results of operations as our sales from exports and a portion of our expenditures are denominated in foreign currencies._** 

Our financial statements are prepared in Indian Rupees. However, our sales from exports and a portion of our raw materials expenditures are denominated in foreign currencies. Accordingly, we have currency exposures relating to buying and selling in currencies other than in Indian Rupees **_._** 

Our revenues from exports and cost of imported raw materials for the relevant periods was as below: 

66 

|**Particulars**|**For**<br>**the**<br>**ended Sept**<br>**30, 2023**<br>|**period**<br>**ember**<br>|**Fiscal 20**<br>|**23**<br>|**Fiscal 20**<br>|**22**<br>|**Fiscal 20**<br>|**21**<br> <br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Amount (₹**<br>**in million)**|**%**|**Amount (₹**<br>**in million)**|**%**|**Amount (₹**<br>**in million)**|**%**|**Amount (₹**<br>**in million)**|<br>**%**|
|Revenue from<br>exports|110.79|<br>9.26|129.71|5.54|119.62|6.50|47.70|5.35|
|Cost<br>of<br>raw<br>material imports|137.92|20.46|407.66|33.99|332.25|22.16|98.32|13.80|



Therefore, changes in the relevant exchange rates could also affect sales, operating results and assets and liabilities reported in Indian Rupees as part of our financial statements. We are affected primarily by fluctuations in exchange rates among the U.S. dollar, Euro, Egyptian Pound and the Indian Rupee, and our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by fluctuations in the value of the Indian Rupee against foreign currencies. We have earned gains due to these fluctuations in foreign currency for the period ended September 30, 2023, Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 of ₹ 3.40 million, ₹ 5.95 million, ₹5.79 million and ₹1.67 million, respectively. These gains/losses were related to instances where the market exchange rate at the time of transaction was in our favour or against us as compared to the rates we had applied when the transactions were accounted. However, we do not undertake any hedging activities. In case we suffer any such losses on account of foreign exchange fluctuations, the same may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. For further information on our exchange rate risk management, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Foreign currency risk_ ” on page 352. 

**_49. We have incurred borrowings from commercial banks and an inability to comply with repayment and other covenants in our financing agreements could adversely affect our business and financial condition._** 

We have entered into agreements with banks for short-term and long-term borrowings. As of September 30, 2023, we had Total Borrowings (consisting of borrowings under non-current liabilities, current maturities of long-term debts and borrowings under current liabilities) of ₹114.58 million which comprises of secured loans from Bank of Maharashtra, unsecured loans and vehicle loans. Certain agreements that we have entered into contain restrictive covenants, including requirements that we obtain consent from the lenders prior to undertaking certain matters such as availing any changes in capital structure, formulate any scheme of amalgamation or reconstruction, fresh credit facility, giving fresh loans and advances, opening/ maintaining new bank accounts issuing corporate guarantee etc. Any failure to service such indebtedness, or otherwise perform any obligations under such financing agreements may lead to a termination of one or more of our credit facilities or incur penalties and acceleration of payments under such credit facilities, which may adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Further, we are required to, among other obligations, comply with certain financial covenants including maintaining the prescribed inventory margins, insurance covers on the hypothecated properties and lien creation. Our hypothecated assets comprise of our stock of raw materials, semi-finished and finished goods, consumable stores and spares and such other movable current assets including book debts, bills whether documentary or clean, outstanding monies, receivables, both present and future. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with these financial or other covenants or that we will be able to obtain necessary consents to take the actions that we are required to operate and grow our business. Any fluctuations in the interest rates may directly impact the interest costs of such loans, and affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our ability to make repayments and refinance our indebtedness will depend on our continued ability to generate cash from our future operations. We may not be able to generate enough cash flow from operations or obtain enough capital to service our debt. For further information including in relation to hypothecated properties, please see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” beginning on page 358 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

67 

Any failure to comply with the conditions and covenants in our financing agreements that is not waived by our lenders or guarantors or otherwise cured could lead to a termination of our credit facilities, foreclosure on our assets, acceleration of all amounts due under such facilities or trigger cross-default provisions under certain of our other financing agreements, any of which could adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to conduct and implement our business plans. 

# **_50. Inability to protect, strengthen and enhance our existing reputation could adversely affect our business prospects and financial performance._** 

The reputation of our brand is important for our business and is key to our ability to remain a trusted supplier of PVC Stabilizers and to attract new customers and retain the existing ones. Further, any damage to our reputation could substantially impair our ability to maintain or grow our business or could have a material adverse effect on our overall business prospects and financial performance. While we have been making consistent efforts to strengthen our image, various factors, some of which are beyond our control, are critical for maintaining and enhancing our reputation and if not managed properly, may negatively affect our brand and reputation. These include our ability to effectively manage the quality of our products, increase brand awareness among existing and potential customers, adapt our advertising and promotion efforts to emerging industry standards. 

Our reputation could also be negatively impacted if we fail to maintain our established standards of service, or if our products fail to meet the expectation of our customers. Any allegations of deterioration in product quality even when false or unfounded, could tarnish our image and may cause our customers to choose other competing products. Any negative publicity regarding us, our reputation, our products or the industry in which we operate generally could adversely affect our business and our results of operations. Other risks associated with our industry include improper disclosure of proprietary information, negative comments about our Company or standard of service, exposure of personally identifiable information, fraud, hoaxes or malicious exposure of false information. The inappropriate use of social media by our customers, employees, suppliers or other third parties could also harm our reputation thereby increasing our costs, lead to litigation or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, counterfeit products, sub-standard quality and ineffective promotional activities are all potential threats to the image and potency of our Company. Our failure to develop, maintain and enhance our Company's reputation may result in decreased revenue and loss of customers and in turn adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Any negative publicity regarding our Company or actual, alleged, or perceived issues regarding our product(s), could harm our relationship with customers. Failure to protect the reputation of our brand may adversely impact our credibility. In addition, in certain jurisdictions, we may engage sales agents in connection with the sale of some of our product(s). It is difficult to monitor whether such agents’ representations of our product(s) are accurate. Poor representation of our product(s) by agents, or entities acting without our permission, could have a material adverse effect on our brand, reputation and our business prospects and financial performance.  In addition, unauthorized parties may infringe upon or misappropriate our intellectual property. In the absence of any intellectual property registrations, we may not be able to initiate an infringement action against any third party who maybe infringing our intellectual property. As a result, we may not be able to prevent infringement of our intellectual property and a passing off action may not provide sufficient protection until such time that this registration is granted. 

# **_51. Our inability to accurately forecast demand or price for our products and manage our inventory may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our business depends on our estimate of the demand for our products from distributors. We estimate demand for our products based on market projections and past sales. If we overestimate demand, we may purchase more raw materials and manufacture more products than required. If we underestimate demand, we may manufacture fewer quantities of products than required, which could result in delayed or non- 

68 

fulfilment of purchase orders resulting in loss of distributors, goodwill and business. If we under stock one or more of our products, we may not be able to obtain additional units in a timely manner, which could also adversely affect our goodwill and results of operations. In addition, if our products do not achieve widespread acceptance or our distributors change their procurement preferences, we may be required to incur significant inventory markdowns or may not be able to sell the products at all, which would affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. As such, our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_52. Fluctuations in the average selling prices of stabilizers could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

The average selling prices of our products may be subject to fluctuations depending on the market conditions. The average selling prices of our products are affected by the general market conditions, such as pricing by competition and raw material costs, which could have an impact on the businesses of our distributors and, in turn, their demand for our products. An inflexible pricing policy may result in reduction in sales because of reduced price competitiveness. While, we have not experienced any material fluctuation in our average selling prices, we cannot assure you that we will not experience declining average selling prices for our products or that our average selling prices can remain at the same level in the future. A decline in the average selling prices for our products could adversely affect our business and financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. 

# **_53. Any failure or disruption of our information technology systems could adversely impact our business and operations._** 

Our business is dependent upon increasingly complex and interdependent information technology systems, including internet-based systems, to support business processes as well as internal and external communications. For instance, we have implemented an accounting and CRM software across our offices and manufacturing facility, to handle sales, purchase, inventory and financial reporting. The complexity of our computer systems may make us potentially vulnerable to breakdown, malicious intrusion and computer viruses. Our Company does not have any formal data security policy. While we have not experienced any disruptions to our information technology systems in the past or breach in Company’s database in last three years, we cannot assure you that we will not encounter disruptions in the future. Any such disruption may result in the loss of key information or disruption of our business processes, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by employees or others that may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. 

# **_54. We have issued Equity Shares at prices that may be lower than the Issue Price in the last 12 months._** 

We have issued Equity Shares (other than bonus issues) in the last 12 months at a price that may be lower than the Issue Price, as set out in the table below: 

|**Date of**<br>**Allotment**|**Number of**<br>**Equity**<br>**Shares**|**Face Value**<br>**per Equity**<br>**Share (₹)**|**Issue Price**<br>**per Equity**<br>**Share (₹)**|**Nature of**<br>**Allotment**|**List of Allotees**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|March 04,<br>2023|30,777|10.00|588.55|Preferential<br>Issue|Dr. Horst Michael Schiller|
|January 17,<br>2024|910,700|10.00|157.00|Private<br>Placement|Ashokkumar Haribhai Gajera,<br>Vaibhavi<br>Sanghvi,<br>Nirag<br>Ventures LLP, Ashvi Ventures<br>LLP, JSC Ventures LLP, Yog<br>Divakar & Sons, Rashmika<br>Developers LLP Crest Partners<br>LLP,<br>Punyapal<br>Champaklal|



69 

|**Date of**<br>**Allotment**|**Number of**<br>**Equity**<br>**Shares**|**Face Value**<br>**per Equity**<br>**Share (₹)**|**Issue Price**<br>**per Equity**<br>**Share (₹)**|**Nature of**<br>**Allotment**|**List of Allotees**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||||||Punamiya, Saint Capital Fund,<br>Pranjali<br>Jain,<br>Bhavya<br>Jain<br>Deepika<br>Y.<br>Kothari,<br>Dilip<br>Shantilalji<br>Mehta,<br>Krutika<br>Acharya,<br>Patel<br>Ritesh<br>Prahladbhai,<br>Ronak<br>Ketan<br>Bhuta, Bipin Lalji Thakkar,<br>Jaymin<br>Himat<br>Vora,<br>Romil Himat Vora, Hemchandra<br>Pandit<br>Patil,<br>Biswajita<br>Moharana,<br>Abdul<br>Majeed<br>Navaz, Vyas Payalben Ajay<br>Yogesh Joshi, Thomas John,<br>Santoshkumar Chandrashekhar<br>Kadgad, Suresh Chandraprakash<br>Mantri, Biswaranjan<br>Gopinath<br>Jena, Madhusmita Biswaranjan<br>Jena, Yash Nitinkumar Patil,<br>Savio Kurian Thomas, Sarita,<br>Shilpa Sujalbhai Shroff, Biraj<br>Paresh<br>Sangani,<br>Karan<br>Jignesh Pandya,<br>Manohar<br>G<br>Chilveri,<br>Amrit<br>Raghunath<br>Patil, Kisan Ramdas Khairnar|



The price at which our Company has issued the Equity Shares in the preceding 12 months is not indicative of the Issue Price or that will prevail in the open market following listing of the Equity Shares. For further details in relation to the Pre-IPO Placement, please see _“Capital Structure – Notes to the Capital Structure – Equity Share capital history of our Company”_ on page 98 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_55. We may be subject to unionization, work stoppages or increased labour costs, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our industry is labour intensive. The success of our operations depends on availability of labour and maintaining a good relationship with our workforce. As of December 31, 2023, we employed about 19 workmen and 78 employees across our Company. We do not have any trade union registered under the Trade Unions Act, 1926. In the past three years, we have not experienced any labour dispute. We do not have any formal policy for redressal of labour disputes. Although we have not experienced any major interruption to our operations as a result of labour disputes in the recent past, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any such disruption in the future as a result of disputes or disagreements with our work force, which may adversely affect our ability to continue our business operations. We may also have to incur additional expense to train and retain skilled labour. We are also subject to a number of stringent labour laws that protect the interests of workers, including legislation that imposes financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. There can be no assurance that we will not experience labour unrest in the future, which may delay or disrupt our operations. Any labour unrest including labour disputes, strikes and lockouts, industrial accidents, experienced by us could directly or indirectly prevent or hinder our normal operating activities and, if not resolved in a timely manner, could lead to disruptions in our operations. In the event of any prolonged delay or disruption of our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

**_56. If we are subject to any frauds, theft, or embezzlement by our employees, suppliers or customers, it could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

70 

Our operations may be subject to incidents of theft. We may also encounter some inventory loss on account of employee/ supplier/ customer fraud, theft, or embezzlement. Although we have set up various security measures in our office premises and units such as deployment of security guards and operational processes such as periodic stock taking, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any fraud, theft, employee negligence, loss in transit or similar incidents in the future, which could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

**_57. Activities involving our manufacturing process can be dangerous and can cause injury to people or property in certain circumstances. A significant disruption at any of our Manufacturing Facilities may adversely affect our production schedules, costs, sales and ability to meet customer demand._** 

Our business involves complex manufacturing processes that can be dangerous to our employees. Although we employ safety procedures, including providing safety equipment, in the operation of our facilities and maintain adequate insurance, there is a risk that an accident or death may occur in any of our facilities. An accident may result in destruction of property or equipment, environmental damage, manufacturing or delivery delays, or may lead to suspension of our operations and/or imposition of liabilities. Any such accident may result in litigation, the outcome of which is difficult to assess or quantify, and the cost to defend litigation can be significant. As a result, the costs to defend any action or the potential liability resulting from any such accident or death or arising out of any other litigation, and any negative publicity associated therewith, may have a negative effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. While we maintain legally mandated insurance policies such as accident and medical insurance policies for our employees and a public liability insurance, we cannot assure you that the coverage under such policies will be sufficient to cover loss sustained or that an affected employee or third party will not additionally seek legal recourse against us. 

In particular, if operations at our Manufacturing Facilities were to be disrupted as a result of any significant workplace accident, equipment failure, natural disaster, power outage, fire, explosion, terrorism, adverse weather conditions, labour dispute, obsolescence or other reasons, our financial performance may be adversely affected as a result of our inability to meet customer demand or committed delivery schedules for our products. While there has not been any such incidence in past, we cannot assure you that such incidents will not occur in future. 

Interruptions in production may also increase our costs and reduce our sales and may require us to make substantial capital expenditures to remedy the situation or to defend litigation that we may become involved in as a result, which may negatively affect our profitability, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

**_58. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges in a timely manner or at all._** 

In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing and trading of our Equity Shares will not be granted until after certain actions have been completed in relation to this Issue and until Allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to this Issue. 

In accordance with current regulations and circulars issued of SEBI, our Equity Shares are required to be listed on the stock exchanges within such time as mandated under UPI Circulars, subject to any change in the prescribed timeline in this regard. However, we cannot assure you that the trading in our Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining final listing and trading approvals may restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. 

**_59. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

71 

We have not declared dividend in the past. For further information, see _“Dividend Policy”_ on page 256 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act. We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board in accordance with the dividend distribution policy as may be adopted by our Board from time to time and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our Company’s profitability, capital requirements, financial commitments and requirements, including business and expansions plans, applicable legal restrictions and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. Accordingly, realization of a gain on Shareholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. 

# **<u>EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS</u>** 

# **_RISKS RELATING TO INDIA_** 

# **_60. Changing regulations in India could lead to new compliance requirements that are uncertain._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and is subject to change. The GoI may implement new laws or other regulations and policies that could affect our business in general, which could lead to new compliance requirements, including requiring us to obtain approvals and licenses from the GoI and other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements. For instance, in order to rationalize and reform labour laws in India, the Government of India has introduced four labour codes which are yet to come into force as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, namely (a) the Code on Wages, 2019; (b) the Code on Social Security, 2020; (c) the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020; and (d) the Industrial Relations Code, 2020 which consolidate, subsume and replace numerous existing central labour legislations. While the rules for implementation under these codes have not been notified, we are yet to determine the impact of all or some such laws on our business and operations which may restrict our ability to grow our business in the future and increase our expenses. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is uncertain and may or may not have an adverse tax impact on us. 

Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation, or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

# **_61. A slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer._** 

Our performance and the growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy or future volatility in global commodity prices could adversely affect our business. Additionally, an increase in trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our 

72 

business. Global situations such as outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, full scale military invasion of Ukraine by Russia have caused a global economic downturn including in India. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could also adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

India’s economy could be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates or inflation, civil unrest, adverse weather conditions affecting agriculture, commodity and energy prices as well as various other factors. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect the policy of the GoI towards our industry, which may in turn adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to implement our business strategy. 

The Indian economy is also influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market conditions in Asia. A decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves and exchange rate fluctuations may also affect liquidity and interest rates in the Indian economy, which could adversely impact our financial condition. A loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies or any worldwide financial instability may adversely affect the Indian economy, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Further, other factors which may adversely affect the Indian economy are scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing of our expansions; volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies, like application of GST; political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; occurrence of natural or man-made disasters; infectious disease outbreaks or other serious public health concerns; prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; and other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India or its financial services sectors. 

# **_62. A slowdown in our exports due to tariffs and trade barriers and international sanctions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

A portion of our revenue is derived from our international business. From time to time, tariffs, quotas and other tariff and non-tariff trade barriers may be imposed on our products in jurisdictions in which we operate or seek to sell our products. There can be no assurance that the countries or regions where we seek to sell our products will not impose trade restrictions on us in future. We may also be prohibited from exporting to certain restricted countries that may be added to a sanctions list maintained by the Government of India or other foreign governments, such as the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons list maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of Treasury in the United States. In February 2022, hostilities between Russia and the Ukraine commenced, which has led to the imposition of sanctions of various Russian interests (and in some cases Belarus) by the European Union, Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, Switzerland, South Korea, the United Kingdom and the United States. Any such imposition of trade barriers or international sanctions may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_63. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia, Europe and elsewhere in the world in recent years has adversely affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our principal markets. 

73 

Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. For example, the full scale military invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the subsequent sanctions placed on Russia by various countries has substantially affected the economic stability of the world and such volatility could impact our Company’s growth. In addition, the market price of oil has risen sharply since the commencement of hostilities in Ukraine, which may have an inflationary effect in India and other countries. A prolonged war or a protracted period of hostilities in the Ukraine may lead to global economic disturbances. 

In addition, the USA is one of India’s major trading partners and any possible slowdown in the American economy could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation, and cash flows. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_64. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or outbreak of global pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war in India or globally, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine following Russia’s full-scale military invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, volatility in interest rates, volatility in commodity and energy prices, an increase in oil prices, a loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies and other political and economic development may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

**_65. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

Our Restated Financial Statements as at and for the financial year ended March 31, 2023 have been derived from our audited financial statements as at and for the financial year ended March 31, 2023 prepared in accordance with Ind AS. Our Restated Financial Statements as at and for the financial year ended March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 have been derived from our audited financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2022 and standalone audited financial statements as at and for the years ended March 31, 2021 prepared in accordance with Accounting Standards and restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the ICAI Guidance Note. 

74 

Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from Indian GAAP, IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our Restated Financial Statements were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP, IFRS or any other system of accounting principles on the financial data included in this Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP, IFRS or any other accounting principles. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our Restated Financial Statements and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

**_66. If there is any change in laws or regulations, including taxation laws, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements._** 

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. Any future amendments may affect our benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax-free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment, service tax, past claims of central excise, state VAT, and GST that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate of interest with effect from July 1, 2017. For further information on litigations arising out of such claims, see _“Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments”_ beginning on page 360 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Further, the Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2023, pursuant to which the Finance Bill, 2023 (“ **Finance Act** ”), wherein a few sections have become effective from April 01, 2022 and the remaining shall come into force as and when may be notified by the Central Government. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2022 may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

Furthermore, the GoI has recently introduced (a) the Code on Wages, 2019; (b) the Code on Social Security, 2020; (c) the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020; and (d) the Industrial Relations Code, 2020 which consolidate, subsume and replace numerous existing central labour legislations. The rules for implementation under these codes have been notified, and we are determining the impact of these laws on our business and operations which may restrict our ability to grow our business in the future and increase our expenses. In another example, the GoI has made it mandatory for business establishments with turnover above a certain size to offer digital modes of payment from November 2019, with no charges being levied on the customers or the merchants by banks and payment service providers. Such measures could adversely impact our income streams in the future and adversely affect its financial performance. 

75 

We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

**_67. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Further, unless specifically restricted, foreign investment is freely permitted in all sectors of the Indian economy up to any extent and without any prior approvals, but the foreign investor is required to follow certain prescribed procedures for making such investment. The RBI and the concerned ministries/ departments are responsible for granting approval for foreign investment. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. 

In addition, pursuant to the Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, which has been incorporated as the proviso to Rule 6(a) of the FEMA Rules, investments where the beneficial owner of the Equity Shares is situated in or is a citizen of a country which shares land border with India, can only be made through the Government approval route, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy dated October 15, 2020 and the FEMA Rules. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained with or without any particular terms or conditions or at all. 

We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, see _“Restrictions on_ Foreign _Ownership of Indian Securities”_ on page 426 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_68. A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. Going forward, the sovereign ratings outlook will remain dependent on whether the government is able to transition the economy into a high-growth environment, as well as exercise adequate fiscal restraint. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_69. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us, our Directors, except by way of a law suit in India._** 

We are incorporated under the laws of India and all our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel reside in India. All our assets are also located in India. Where investors wish to enforce foreign judgments in India, they may face difficulties in enforcing such judgments. India exercises reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions. In order to be enforceable, a judgment obtained in a jurisdiction which India recognizes as a reciprocating territory must meet certain requirements of the Civil Procedure Code, 1908 (the “ **CPC** ”). 

76 

India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13, 14 and Section 44A of the CPC on a statutory basis. Section 44A of the CPC provides that where a certified copy of a decree of any superior court, within the meaning of that Section, obtained in any country or territory outside India which the government has by notification declared to be in a reciprocating territory, may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgment had been rendered by a district court in India. However, Section 44A of the CPC is applicable only to monetary decrees and does not apply to decrees for amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalties and does not apply to arbitration awards (even if such awards are enforceable as a decree or judgment). 

A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit upon the judgment under Section 13 of the CPC, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the CPC provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated upon except); 

(i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction; (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case; (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable; (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice; (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud; and/ or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. The suit must be brought in India within three years from the date of judgment in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a civil liability in India. 

It cannot be assured that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it views the amount of damages awarded as excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. A party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval from the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of such foreign judgment. 

# **_70. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our products at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our clients thereby reducing our margins._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of transportation, wages, raw materials and other expenses relevant to our business. 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or entirely offset any increases in costs with increases in prices for our products. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, the Government has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **_71. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates 

77 

during the time taken for such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. Specifically, if there is a change in relative value of the Rupee to a foreign currency, each of the following values will also be affected: 

- a. the foreign currency equivalent of the Rupee trading price of the Company’s Equity Shares in India; 

- b. the foreign currency equivalent of the proceeds that you would receive upon the sale in India of any of the Company’s Equity Shares; and 

- c. the foreign currency equivalent of cash dividends, if any, on the Company’s Equity Shares, which will be paid only in Rupees. 

In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares outside India may reduce the proceeds received by Shareholders, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares. Another example would be that the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

# **<u>RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUE AND THE EQUITY SHARES</u>** 

**_72. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction where the investors are located in do does not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emption rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in us would be reduced. 

# **_73. Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and wide-spread as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

**_74. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity-linked securities including by way of bonus issue by us may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future equity issuances, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us, including through bonus issue or exercise of employee stock options may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company, adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issue of our securities. Any future equity issuances by us (including under an employee benefit scheme) or disposal of our Equity Shares by the Promoter or any other change in our 

78 

shareholding structure to comply with minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India or any public perception regarding such issuance or sales may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. 

Our Company had undertaken a bonus issue of 39,169,526 Equity Shares in the ratio of 38 Equity Shares for every 1 Equity Share held by the Shareholders as on the record date as March 24, 2023 in compliance with Section 63 of the Companies Act. The bonus issue was undertaken by capitalization of the reserves available with the Company and a comparison of the pre-bonus issue and post-bonus issue is set forth below: 

|**Date of Bonus Issuance**|**Pre-Balance Portion of Reserves**|**Post- Balance Portion of Reserves**|
|---|---|---|
|March 30, 2023|559.50 million|167.81 million|



Such bonus issue of shares by our Company in the future, from our reserves and surplus, which could have alternatively been used for making dividends or buyback, may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares of our Company. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that our existing shareholders including our Promoters will not dispose of Equity Shares after the completion of the Issue (subject to provisions of the applicable laws) or pledge or encumber their Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of shareholders’ investment in the Equity Shares and adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Such securities may also be issued at prices below the Issue Price. We may also issue convertible debt securities to finance our future growth or fund our business activities. 

# **_75. Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Issue._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Issue and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately five Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

# **_76. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under the current Indian tax laws and regulations, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied both at the time of transfer and acquisition of the equity shares (unless exempted under a prescribed notification) and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of equity shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold using any other platform other than on a recognised stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, are subject to **STT** long term capital gains tax in India. Such long-term capital gains exceeding ₹ 100,000 arising from the sale of listed equity shares on the stock exchange are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess). Unrealized capital gains earned on listed equity shares up to January 31, 2018 continue to be tax exempt in such cases. 

79 

Further, STT will be levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange if the equity shares are sold on a stock exchange. With respect to capital gains arising in an off-market sale, long term capital gains are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) without the exemption of ₹ 100,000. Short-term capital gains, arising from the sale of such equity shares on a stock exchange would be subject to tax at the rate of 15% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), while short term capital gains arising in an off-market sale would be subject to tax at a higher rate of 40% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of foreign companies and 30% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of other non-resident taxpayers. 

The Finance Act, 2019 amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020 and clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our Company’s business and operations. 

Further, any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. In cases where the seller is a non-resident, capital gains arising from the sale of the equity shares will be partially or wholly exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Additionally, the Finance Act, 2020 does not require dividend distribution tax to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. Historically, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the equity shares. 

Our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_77. The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/ or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

**_78. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and may experience price and volume fluctuations following the completion of the Issue, an active trading market for the Equity Shares_** 

80 

**_may not develop, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price or at all._** 

Prior to the Issue, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market may not develop or be sustained after the Issue. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for our Equity Shares will develop or, if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Issue Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book building process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described in the section “ _Basis for Issue Price_ ” beginning on page 116 of this Red Herring Prospectus. This price may not necessarily be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Issue is completed. You may not be able to re-sell your Equity Shares at or above the Issue price and may as a result lose all or part of your investment. 

Our Equity Shares are expected to trade on NSE and BSE after the Issue, but there can be no assurance that active trading in our Equity Shares will develop after the Issue, or if such trading develops that it will continue. Investors may not be able to sell our Equity Shares at the quoted price if there is no active trading in our Equity Shares. 

There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and the trading price of our Equity Shares after this Issue could fluctuate significantly as a result of market volatility or due to various internal or external risks, including but not limited to those described in this Red Herring Prospectus. The market price of our Equity Shares may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

- the failure of security analysts to cover the Equity Shares after this Issue, or changes in the estimates of our performance by analysts; 

- the activities of competitors and suppliers; 

- future sales of the Equity Shares by us or our shareholders; 

- investor perception of us and the industry in which we operate; 

- our quarterly or annual earnings or those of our competitors; 

- developments affecting fiscal, industrial or environmental regulations; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases and adverse media reports; and 

- general economic conditions. 

A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

# **_79. Future sales of Equity Shares by our Promoters may adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares._** 

After the completion of the Issue, our Promoters will own, directly, more than [●]% of our outstanding Equity Shares. Upon expiry of the lock-in period provided under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our Promoters will be eligible to sell part or all of the Equity Shares held by it. Future sales of a large number of the Equity Shares by our Promoters, either in one sale or over a series of sales, could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. Similarly, the perception that any such primary or secondary sale may occur could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. No assurance may be given that our Promoters will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future, or that the market price of the Equity Shares will not be adversely affected by any such disposal, pledge or encumbrance of their Equity Shares. 

# **_80. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid amount) at any stage after submitting a bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after bid/ Issue closing date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to block the Bid amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of equity shares or the Bid amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Similarly, Retail Individual Investors can revise or withdraw their Bids at any time during the bid/ Issue period and until 

81 

the Bid/ Issue closing date, but not thereafter. While we are required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six Working Days from the Bid/ Issue Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the Investors’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Investors’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Issue or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. Therefore, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors will not be able to withdraw or lower their bids following adverse developments in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or otherwise between the dates of submission of their Bids and Allotment. 

82 

