# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in our Equity Shares involves a certain degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in the Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares or the industry in which we operate. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If any of the following risks or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial actually occur, our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could suffer, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Our Industry” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”_ beginning _on pages 129,  108, 196, respectively, as well as the financial and other information contained in, the Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries. The Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in the Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, see “Forward-Looking Statements”_ beginning _on page 21._ 

_Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and the terms of the Issue including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated or context requires otherwise, the financial information included herein is derived from our Restated Financial Statement for Fiscals  2021, 2022 and 2023 included in the Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_Unless stated otherwise, industry and market data in this section has been obtained or derived from the Resurgent India Research Report which was exclusively commissioned and paid for by our Company only for the purposes of the Issue. Resurgent India Limited was appointed by our Company on December 29, 2021_ _<mark>and re-appointed on July 25, 2023.</mark> The data included herein includes excerpts from the Resurgent India Research Report and may have been re-ordered by us for the purposes of presentation. There are no parts, data or information (which may be relevant for the Issue), that have been left out or changed in any manner. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the Resurgent India Research Report and included herein with respect to any particular year, refers to such information for the relevant year._ 

# **INTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **_Risks Relating to our Business_** 

**_1. Our success depends on our ability to build the Proposed Manufacturing Unit and expand our product portfolio, both of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Delay in schedule of implementation may subject our Company to risks related to time and cost overrun which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We intend to use part of our Net Proceeds to establish the Proposed Manufacturing Unit to manufacture both our existing products (through a new line at the proposed new facility with an installed capacity of 8,37,000 coils per annum) and manufacture new line of products with an installed capacity of 8,700 kilometres of cables per annum at Tehsil-Baddi, District-Solan, Himachal Pradesh, India on a land area admeasuring to 7,902.30 sq. mtrs. We propose to manufacture fire proof / survival wires, LT aluminium cables and solar cables in addition to our existing products using the capacities mentioned above. The utilisation of the Net Proceeds will be monitored by the Monitoring Agency. Our Company has already purchased land and building for the Proposed Manufacturing Unit by and under a sale deed dated September 15, 2021 for aggregate consideration of ₹ 29.16 million. In addition to the said consideration in respect of the said land and building, we have also incurred certain additional costs of ₹ 1.16 million in relation to the stamp duty payment, registration charges, survey fees and other miscellaneous fees and charges. For further details, please refer the chapter titled our " _Objects of the Issue_ " beginning on page 81 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

30 

Our future growth depends on our ability to significantly increase both our manufacturing capacity and production throughput in a cost-effective and efficient manner. Our ability to expand production capacity is subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including the following: 

- the need to raise significant additional funds to build additional manufacturing facility, which we may be unable to obtain on reasonable terms or at all; 

- delays and cost overruns as a result of a number of factors, many of which may be beyond our control, such as our inability to secure successful contracts with equipment vendors or the unavailability of timely supplies of equipment and technologies; 

- delays or denial of required approvals by relevant government authorities; 

- diversion of significant management attention and other resources; 

- failure to execute our expansion plans effectively; 

- unavailability of timely supplies of equipment and technologies; and 

- failure to identify the right vendors who will supply quality products at correct prices. 

- failure to complete the projects within our estimated budget, failure of our contractors and suppliers to adhere to our specifications and timelines 

If we are unable to build Proposed Manufacturing Unit and expand our product within our estimated time frame, we may be unable to expand our business, realise economies of scales by decreasing our costs, maintain our competitive position, or sustain profitability. There can be no assurance that we will complete any proposed expansion in a timely manner or whether it will result in increased production capacity as has been contemplated by our management. Further as and when we commission our Proposed Manufacturing Unit, our raw material requirements and costs as well as our staffing requirements and employee expenses may increase and we may face other challenges in extending our financial and other controls to our new unit as well as in realigning our management and other resources and managing our consequent growth. In the event that the risks and uncertainties discussed above or any other unanticipated risks, uncertainties, contingencies or other events or circumstances limit or delay our efforts to use the Net Proceeds to achieve the planned growth in our business, the use of the Net Proceeds for purposes identified by our management may not result in actual growth of our business, increased profitability or an increase in the value of your investment in our Equity Shares. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able utilise the land and building for the purpose for which it is allowed/purchased within the stipulated time and conditions laid out in the registration deed or obtain the required registrations/permissions or approvals in a timely manner or at all. Further, in the event of any unanticipated delay in utilisation or receipt of such approvals, the proposed schedule of implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds may be extended or may vary accordingly. 

**_2. We have not yet placed orders in relation to the capital expenditure to be incurred for the Proposed Manufacturing Unit. In the event of any delay in placing the orders, or in the event the vendors are not able to provide the plant and machineries or complete the civil and related works etc. in a timely manner, or at all, the same may result in time and cost over-runs._** 

We intend to utilize portions of the Net Proceeds for funding capital expenditure requirements to set up the Proposed Manufacturing Unit. The utilisation of the Net Proceeds will be monitored by the Monitoring Agency. While we have procured quotations from various vendors in relation to the capital expenditure to be incurred for the Proposed Manufacturing Unit, we have not placed any firm orders for any of them. For details in respect of the foregoing, see “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” beginning on page 81. Such quotations are valid for a certain period of time and may be subject to revisions, and other commercial and technical factors. We cannot assure that we will be able to undertake such capital expenditure at the costs indicated by such quotations or that there will not be cost escalations over and above the contingencies proposed to be funded out of the Net Proceeds. Further, the actual amount and timing of our future capital requirements may differ from our estimates as a result of, among other things, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, engineering design changes and technological changes. 

In the event of any delay in placing the orders, or an escalation in the cost of acquisition of the equipment or completion of the civil and related works, or in the event the vendors are not able to provide the equipment and services in a timely manner, or at all, we may encounter time and cost overruns for the Proposed Manufacturing Unit. Further, if we are unable to procure the requisite plant and machinery, equipment and ancillary items or avail services from the vendors from whom we have procured quotations, we cannot assure you that we may be 

31 

able to identify alternative vendors to provide us with the similar kind of plant and machinery, equipment and ancillary items and services, which satisfy our requirements at acceptable prices. Our inability to procure the machinery and equipment and services at acceptable prices or in a timely manner, may result in an increase in capital expenditure, extension or variation in the proposed schedule of implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds, thereby resulting in an adverse effect on our business, prospects and results of operations. 

We intend to use substantial part of the Net Proceeds for the Proposed Manufacturing Unit to expand capacities in our product segments and launch new products. The Proposed object of the Issue is intended to be funded from a combination of internal accruals and net proceeds. 

The total estimated cost for the Proposed Manufacturing Unit is ₹ 271.86 million. We propose to fund the cost of the Proposed Manufacturing Unit as follows: 

|**Source of funds for total estimated cost**|**(₹ in millions)**|
|---|---|
|Net Proceeds|244.13|
|Internal Accruals|27.73|



Our Proposed Manufacturing Unit (proposed object of the Issue) remain subject to the potential problems and uncertainties that construction project face including cost overruns or delays. Problems that could adversely affect our expansion plan include labour shortages, increased costs of equipment or manpower, inadequate performance of the equipment and machinery installed in our manufacturing facilities, delays in completion, defects in design or construction, the possibility of unanticipated future regulatory restrictions, delays in receiving governmental, statutory and other regulatory approvals, incremental pre-operating expenses, taxes and duties, interest and finance charges, working capital margin, environment and ecology costs and other external factors which may not be within the control of our management. Further, there can be no assurance that our budgeted costs may be sufficient to meet our proposed capital expenditure requirements. If our actual capital expenditures significantly exceed our budgets, or even if our budgets were sufficient to cover these projects, we may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits of these projects, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete the aforementioned expansion and additions in accordance with the proposed schedule of implementation and any delay could have an adverse impact on our growth, prospects, cash flows and financial condition. The Proposed Manufacturing Unit will require us to obtain various approvals, which are routine in nature. For further details, see “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” beginning on page 81. In addition to such pending approvals, we will also need to apply for certain additional approvals required for the Proposed Manufacturing Unit. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain these registrations and approvals including approvals in relations to power and water procurement in a timely manner or at all. Further, in the event of any unanticipated delay in receipt of such approvals, the proposed schedule implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds may be extended or may vary accordingly. 

**_3. One of our Group Company viz. Plaza Cable Electric Private Limited is engaged in activities which is similar to our business. This may be a potential source of conflict of interest for us and which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations_** . 

Our Group Company, Plaza Cable Electric Private Limited has some of the objects similar to that of our Company’s business and could offer products that are related to the business of our Company. As on the date of the <mark>RHP,</mark> the said Group Company is majorly engaged in activities of sales of wires & cables. However, our Company and Plaza Cables Electric Private Limited have entered into a Non-Compete Agreement dated March 2, 2022 agreeing that it will not carry on such business in any other State in India except the State of West Bengal. The said non-compete agreement is part of the material documents and is available for inspection at our registered office during office hours. For further details, please refer the chapter titled our “Our Group Companies” and “Material Documents and Contracts for Inspection” on pages 183 and 307,  respectively of the Red Herring Prospectus. There can be no assurance that our Promoters or our Group Companies or members of the Promoter Group will not compete with our existing business or any future business that we may undertake or that their interests will not conflict with ours. Any such present and future conflicts could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Thus, in future, conflicts of interests may arise in allocating business opportunities amongst our Company and our Group Company and member of promoter group in circumstances where our respective interests diverge. In cases of conflict, our Promoter may favour other companies or ventures in which our Promoter has interest. 

**_4. Inadequate or interrupted supply and price fluctuation of our raw materials and packaging materials could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, profitability and financial condition._** 

32 

Manufacturing quantity and cost of our products are dependent on our ability to source raw materials and packaging materials at acceptable prices and maintain a stable and sufficient supply of our major raw materials. The principal raw materials used in our manufacturing process are copper and insulation materials such as PVC compounds. The costs of raw materials consumed for Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021 was ₹ 1,346.08 million, ₹ 1,386.34 million and ₹ 1,130.66 million respectively, representing 73.76%, 78.42% and 77.77% respectively of our revenue from operations. The raw materials we use are subject to price volatility and unavailability caused by external conditions, such as commodity price fluctuations within India and globally, weather conditions, supply and demand dynamics, logistics and processing costs, our bargaining power with the suppliers, inflation and governmental regulations and policies. We generally pass on the cost escalations to our customers. However, we may not be able to pass on every instance of escalation in input costs and may have to pursue internal cost control measures or may have to absorb in some instances such as when  the rate of  our raw material Copper and PVC fluctuates. Whenever the price of the material cost increases, we subsequently increase our sale price or reduce the discounts. On the hand whenever the raw material reduces we subsequently either reduce our sale price or increase discounts. We may also reduce our sale price or increase our discount with comparatively lesser percentage in relation to the percentage increase in the price of raw materials. With these business practices, we sometimes, don’t pass the entire burden over the customers. If we are not able to effectively pass on our escalated costs to customers, such price escalations could have a material adverse impact on our result of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We fulfill our raw materials requirement locally. We have not entered into any long-term agreements with any of our raw material or inputs suppliers and we purchase such raw materials and inputs on spot order basis. Purchases made from our top 10 suppliers as mentioned in the chapter titled “Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations” beginning on page 196  of Red Herring Prospectus were ₹ 1,163.27 million, ₹ 1,047.90 million and ₹ 824.36 million representing 83.95%, 74.77%, and 73.64% of our raw material purchases for Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. While we may find additional suppliers to supply these raw materials, any failure of our suppliers to deliver these raw materials in the necessary quantities or to adhere to delivery schedules, credit terms or specified quality standards and technical specifications may adversely affect our production processes and our ability to deliver orders on time and at the desired level of quality. As a result, we may lose customers which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further our raw material supply and pricing may become volatile due to a number of factors beyond our control, including global demand and supply, general economic and political conditions, transportation and labour costs, labour unrest, natural disasters, competition, import duties, tariffs and currency exchange rates, and there are inherent uncertainties in estimating such variables, regardless of the methodologies and assumptions that we may use. Therefore, we cannot assure that we will be able to procure adequate supplies of raw materials in the future, as and when we need them on commercially acceptable terms. Further, there can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively manage relationships with our existing or new suppliers or that we will be able to enter into arrangements with new suppliers at attractive terms or at all. If we fail to successfully leverage our existing and new relationships with suppliers, our business and financial performance could be adversely affected. 

While we strive to maintain adequate inventory for all our primary raw materials, we have historically experienced instances of raw material shortages in a limited manner. In case such instances of raw material shortages occur again in the future, we may not be able to manufacture our products according to our pre-determined time frames, at our previously estimated product costs, or at all, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and reputation. 

# **_5. Our Company requires significant amounts of working capital and significant portion of our working capital is consumed in trade receivables and inventories. Our inability to meet our working capital requirements may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and overall business._** 

Our business requires significant working capital, such as to finance the purchase of raw materials, consumables, stores & spares and payments for operating expenses before we receive payment from our customers. In addition, the actual amount of our future capital requirements may differ from estimates as a result of, among other factors, cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, economic conditions, additional market developments and new opportunities in the wires industry. A significant portion of our working capital is consumed in trade receivables and inventories. Summary of our working capital position is given below: 

|_(₹ in million)_|
|---|



|**Particulars**|**As at March 31,**|**As at March 31,**|**As at March 31,**|
|---|---|---|---|
||**2023**|**2022**|**2021**|
|**Current Assets**||||
|Inventories|299.46|309.17|286.07|



33 

|Trade Receivables|521.34|443.28|465.96|
|---|---|---|---|
|Cash and bank balances|0.07|0.08|0.10|
|Bank Balances Other than above|2.89|0.01|-|
|Other Financial Assets|1.03|2.97|4.47|
|Other Current Assets|29.05|43.06|27.56|
|**Total Current Assets(A)**|**853.84**|**798.57**|**784.16**|
|**Current Liabilities**||||
|Lease Liabilities|0.40|0.91|0.98|
|Trade Payables|104.85|109.24|102.94|
|Other Current Liabilities|40.70|34.86|34.60|
|Provisions|0.79|0.53|1.05|
|Current Tax Liabilities(Net)|28.02|22.31|11.12|
|**Total Current Liabilities(B)**|**174.76**|**167.85**|**150.69**|
|**Working Capital Requirement (A-**<br>**B)**|**679.08**|**630.72**|**633.47**|
|**Working Capital Requirement as a**<br>**% of Total Assets**|**60.58%**|**60.55%**|**63.81%**|



Our inability to maintain sufficient cash flow, maintain credit facility and other sources of fund, in a timely manner, or at all, to meet the increasing requirement of working capital may have significant adverse effect on our financial condition and result of our operations. For further details, please refer to the chapter titled “Objects of the Issue” beginning on page 81 of this Red Herring Prospectus 

**_6. We generate our significant portion of sales from our operations in certain geographical regions. Any adverse developments affecting our operations in these regions could have an adverse impact on our revenue and results of operations._** 

For the financial years ended March 31, 2021, March 31, 2022, and March 31, 2023, our revenue from our certain geographical regions customers as per our Restated Financial Statements are as follows: 

|**S**<br>**No.**|**Geographic**<br>**Region**|**Fiscal**|**2021**|**Fiscal**|**2022**|**Fisca**|**l 2023**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|||**Sales**<br>**(Rs. In**<br>**Millions)**|**% to total**<br>**revenue**|**Sales**<br>**(Rs. In**<br>**Millions)**|**% to total**<br>**revenue**|**Sales**<br>**(Rs. In**<br>**Millions)**|**% to total**<br>**revenue**|
|1|DELHI|463.70|30.90%|544.87|30.82%|537.18|29.44%|
|2|UTTAR<br>PRADESH|458.28|31.52%|513.58|29.05%|567.69|31.11%|
|3|HARYANA|101.36|6.97%|127.47|7.21%|123.05|6.74%|
|4|KERALA|122.15|8.40%|116.76|6.61%|86.18|4.72%|
|5|UTTRAKH<br>AND|59.22|4.07%|71.83|4.06%|71.73|3.93%|
||**Total**|**1204.71**|**81.86%**|**1374.51**|**77.75%**|**1385.83**|**75.94%**|



_*Not annualized_ 

Such geographical concentration of our business in these regions heightens our exposure to adverse developments related to competition, as well as economic and demographic changes in these regions which may adversely affect our business prospects, financial conditions and results of operations. We may not be able to leverage our experience in such regions to expand our operations in other parts of India, due to factors such as competition, culture, regulatory regimes, business practices and customs, industry needs, transportation, in other markets where we may expand our operations may differ from those in such regions, and our experience in these regions may not be applicable to other markets. In addition, as we enter new markets and geographical areas, we are likely to compete not only with national players, but also local players who might have an established local presence, are 

34 

more familiar with local regulations, business practices and industry needs, have stronger relationships with local dealers, relevant government authorities, suppliers or are in a stronger financial position than us, all of which may give them a competitive advantage over us. Our inability to expand into areas outside such markets may adversely affect our business prospects, financial conditions and results of operations. While our management has faith that the Company has requisite expertise and vision to grow and mark its presence in other markets going forward, investors should consider our business and prospects in light of the risks, losses and challenges that we may face and should not rely on our results of operations for any prior periods as an indication of our future performance. 

# **_7. A significant portion of our working capital is consumed in inventories. Our inability to realise inventories may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and overall business._** 

Our inventories as a % of total current assets as on March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 were 35.07%, 38.72%, and 36.48% respectively. We have to maintain adequate inventories of raw materials, stores, spares & consumables, work-in-progress and finished goods to meet our day-to-day requirements and avoid situations like stock-outs. The result of our operations depends upon our ability to manage our inventories. To effectively manage our inventory, we must be able to accurately estimate customer demand and supply requirements and manufacture and trade inventory accordingly. If our management misjudges expected customer demand, it could adversely impact the results by causing either a shortage of products or an accumulation of excess inventory. Further, if we fail to sell the inventory, we may be required to write-down our inventory or pay our suppliers without new purchases, or create additional vendor financing, which could have an adverse impact on our income and cash flows, liquidity and overall business. 

We intend to continue grow our business operations by launching new variety of product lines and expanding capacities of our existing products. The Objects of the Issue includes, amongst others, funding the capital expenditure for setting up of the Proposed Manufacturing Unit and funding the working capital requirement of our business. In order to sell new products manufactured, we might have to maintain higher level of inventories for the newer / wider range of products under our own brand. This may result in further increase in the quantum of working capital particularly inventories. Our inability to maintain sufficient cash flow, realize existing inventories, maintain credit facility and other sources of fund, in a timely manner, or at all, to meet the increasing requirement of working capital may have significant adverse effect on our financial condition and result of our operations. For further details, please refer to the chapter titled “Objects of the Issue” beginning on page 81 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Our trade receivables were ₹ 521.34 million, ₹ 443.28 million and ₹ 465.96 million as on March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 respectively. Our trade receivables turnover days were 104 days, 92 days and 117 days for the Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021 respectively. Our trade receivables are generally non-interest bearing in nature. Our working capital requirements may increase if the payment terms in purchase orders received include reduced or zero advance payments or longer payment schedules, or if there is delayed realisation from our customers. These factors may result, and have in the past resulted, in increases in the amount of our receivables and short-term borrowings. Continued increase in our working capital requirements may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We intend to continue grow our business operations by launching new variety of product lines and expanding capacities of our existing products. The Objects of the Issue includes, amongst others, funding the capital expenditure for setting up of the Proposed Manufacturing Unit and funding the working capital requirement of our business. In order to sell new products manufactured, we might have to maintain higher level of inventories and may also have to offer liberal credit terms to our network channels to establish the demand and market for the newer / wider range of products under our own brand. This may result in further increase in the quantum of working capital particularly trade receivables and inventories. Our inability to maintain sufficient cash flow, realize existing inventories & trade receivables, maintain credit facility and other sources of fund, in a timely manner, or at all, to meet the increasing requirement of working capital may have significant adverse effect on our financial condition and result of our operations. For further details, please refer to the chapter titled “Objects of the Issue” beginning on page 81 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_8. We may not be able to derive the desired benefits from our product development efforts. Commercialization and market development of new products and existing product particularly our FMEG products may take longer time than expected and / or may involve unforeseen business risks._** 

While our existing sales and distribution network and existing customer base shall act as our captive demand pool for the new products, commercialization and market development for such new products may take longer time than expected and / or may involve unforeseen business risks which could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully develop new products or that such new products will receive market acceptance or adapt our manufacturing processes to incorporate new technologies or address changing consumer trends or emerging industry standards. Any rapid change in the 

35 

expectations of our dealers and end customers in our business on account of changes in technology or introduction of new alternate products could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, there can be no assurance that our newly developed products will achieve commercial success. Even if such products can be successfully commercialised, there is no guarantee that they will be accepted widely by the market. In addition, we cannot assure you that our existing or potential competitors will not develop products which are similar or superior to our products. It is often difficult to project the time frame for developing new products and the duration of market demand for these products, there is a risk that we may have to abandon a potential product that is no longer commercially viable, even after we have invested significant resources in the research and development of such product. 

While we have successfully executed our business strategies for our wires and cables product segment there is no assurance that our business strategies to commercialise and develop brand visibility for our FMEG products will succeed or will receive market acceptance. The success of these products depends on the effectiveness of the product design, quality of the raw materials and quality control systems, which in turn, depend on skills and experience of the third-party manufacturers and our ability to ensure that they adhere to our standards and policies and guidelines. Any adverse change in the quality of products marketed and sold by us including due to reasons beyond our control, or allegations of defects, even when false, at any of our manufacturing facilities could tarnish the image of our brands, result in negative reviews and feedback from our customers. We plan to enhance and develop and strengthen relationships with existing dealers and customers for our FMEG products who may drive high volume orders on an ongoing basis, however there can be no assurance that we will be able to execute these strategies on time and within our estimated budget, or that our development plans for the particular will increase our profitability. Any of these factors could adversely impact our results of operations for our FMEG products. 

**_9. If we are unable to continue to implement our brand building and marketing initiatives, for each of our brands, our business and prospects may be adversely affected. Moreover, any deterioration in the reputation and market perception of our brand may have an adverse effect on our sales, profitability and the implementation of our growth strategy._** 

The wire and cables industry in India is very fragmented industry, with larger players having their own niche high end markets, and the low-end (in quality terms) market, which is highly price sensitive in nature, is ruled by unorganized SME/ MSME sector. ( **_Source: Excerpt on Economic Growth Outlook from Techno Economic Viability Report by Dun and Bradstreet_** _)_ . Due to the fragmented nature of the wire and cables industry, enhancing the brand visibility of flagship brand “Plaza cables” and our home brands such as “Action Wires” and PCG” may require us to make a considerable investment, including expansion of our distribution network and market penetration, and increase our marketing, advertising and business promotion expenses to give us an edge over the large industry players. According to the Resurgent India Research Report, the organized players have increased their advertisement and promotional spends over the years. This has helped them garner higher market share and margins over the last two-three years. ( **_Source: Resurgent India Research Report)_** . For further details, please refer to the chapter titled “Industry Overview” on page 108 of this Red Herring Prospectus. While we have been developing and promoting our brand since inception and will continue to invest in building and maintaining our brand’s value in the future to compete effectively, we may not be able to do so successfully or in a cost-effective manner as compared to the organised players who might have leverage. For further details, on our peers please refer the chapter titled "Basis  for Issue Price” beginning on page 99 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

As our business plans to expand into new markets and regions maintaining and enhancing our brand may become difficult and expensive. Our future success and competitiveness may be influenced by the performance of our brand, as well as our ability to communicate effectively about our products with our target customers through consistent and focused marketing messages. Further, our brand building would also depend on the effectiveness of sales and promotional activities and choice of channel partners. Any damage to our brand name, if not immediately and sufficiently remedied, could have an adverse effect on our reputation, competitive position in India, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If our initiatives are not effectively implemented or our products fail to find acceptance with our existing and potential customers resulting in loss of customer confidence in our brand for any reason, our ability to attract and retain customers could be adversely affected. Maintaining and enhancing our brand image may also require us to undertake significant expenditures and make investments in areas such as developing new range of products, advertising and marketing, through media and other channels of publicity, and towards employee development and training. An inability to enhance the visibility of our brand may adversely impact consumer goodwill and brand recall, and consequently our business prospects and financial performance. There can be no assurance that our efforts in these areas would always be effective. Any adverse development or decline in our brand value and reputation may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

36 

**_<mark>10. Further, our existing and proposed manufacturing facilities are concentrated in a single region i.e., Himachal Pradesh and the inability to operate and grow our business in this particular region may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future business prospects.</mark>_** 

<mark>Our Existing Manufacturing Unit is located at Solan, Baddi, Himachal Pradesh. Further our Proposed Manufacturing Unit is also proposed to be set-up at Himachal Pradesh. Though we are located at the plain landscapes of Himachal Pradesh, the state is known for its climate sensitive nature. Our success depends on our ability to successfully manufacture and deliver our products to meet our customer demand. Our manufacturing facilities are susceptible to damage or interruption or operating risks, such as human error, power loss, breakdown or failure of equipment, power supply or processes, performance below expected levels of output or efficiency, obsolescence, loss of services of our external contractors, terrorist attacks, acts of war, break-ins, earthquakes, other natural disasters and industrial accidents and similar events. Recently, on account of the governmentimposed lockdown in India due to COVID-19 pandemic, operations at all of our manufacturing facilities were temporarily shut down and we were required to follow protocols as suggested by regulatory authorities which</mark> impacted our ability to operate our manufacturing facilities at optimum utilizations. 

<mark>Further, any materially adverse social, political or economic development, civil disruptions, or changes in the policies of the state government or state or local governments in this region could adversely affect our manufacturing operations, and require a modification of our business strategy, or require us to incur significant capital expenditure or suspend our operations.</mark> 

Any such adverse development affecting continuing operations at our manufacturing facilities could result in significant loss due to an inability to meet customer contracts and production schedules, which could materially affect our business reputation within the industry. The occurrence of or our inability to effectively respond to, any such events or effectively manage the competition in the region, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future business prospects. Further, continuous addition of industries in and around our manufacturing facilities without commensurate growth of its infrastructural facilities may put pressure on the existing infrastructure therein, which may adversely affect our business 

**_11. The industry segments in which we operate being fragmented, we face competition from large players, which may affect our business operations and financial conditions._** 

We compete in wires & cables industry on the basis of the range of our products, quality of our products, price, and dealers & distribution network. The industry in which we operate is highly competitive. According to the Resurgent India Research Report, the Indian cables and wires industry has been gradually moving from a largely unorganized sector comprising smaller regional players towards an organized sector comprising pan-India branded market players across all categories. Furthermore, an increase in technological and product complexities, growing marketing and branding activities by leading cable manufacturers, and the entry of newer players have all led to an increase in the proportion of the industry’s revenue generated by the organized sector. Industry expects the share of organized players to grow to 74% by FY23E on account of GST rollout, improved efficiency and cost structure (reducing the price gap between the organized and unorganized sectors) and the economies of the panIndia distribution network. (Source: Resurgent India Research Report _)_ . For further details, please refer to the chapter titled “Industry Overview” on page 108 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

The industry and markets for our products are characterized by factors such as technological change, the development of new products, evolving industry standards. We primarily compete based on the following: 

- product functionality, quality and reliability; 

- design, technical, research and production capabilities; 

- ability to meet customers order requirements and delivery schedules; 

- distributor, dealer and customer relationships and services; and 

- product price. 

Our competitors vary in size, and may have greater financial, production, marketing, personnel and other resources than us and certain of our competitors have a longer history of established businesses and reputations in the Indian wires & cables industry as compared with us. These conditions may continue indefinitely. Changes in the identity, ownership structure, and strategic goals of our competitors and the emergence of new competitors in our target markets may impact our financial performance. New competitors may include foreign-based companies and domestic producers who could enter our markets. Our failure to compete effectively, including any delay in responding to changes in the industry and market, together with increased spending on advertising, may affect the competitiveness of our products, which may result in a decline in our revenues and profitability. Also, see “ **_Our Business - Competition_** ” beginning on page  145 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

37 

**_<mark>12. Our inability to maintain the stability of our distribution network and attract additional distributors and dealers may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.</mark>_** 

We primarily sell our products to retail customers through our wide-spread distribution network of dealers and distributors in India. As on March 31,2023 we have 1249 registered dealers and distributors. For further details, of such registered dealers & distributors see chapter titled "Our Business” beginning on page 129 of this Red Herring Prospectus. The competition for dealers and distributors is intense in our industry and many of our competitors including the large players continue to expand their distribution networks. In addition, we have no control over our competitors who may offer greater incentives to our distributors and dealers. As such, there can be no assurance that our current distributors and dealers will continue to do business with us, or that we can continue to attract additional distributors and dealers to our network. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully expand, maintain or manage our large distribution network and strengthen our relationship with our significant dealers in the future. If we lose any of our dealers to competitors, we may lose some or all favourable arrangements with such dealer, which could result in weakening or termination of our relationships with other dealers. We may also not be able to effectively manage our dealers, and the cost of any consolidation or further expansion of our distribution network may exceed the additional revenue generated from such efforts. 

Furthermore, the performance of our dealers and distributors and their ability to sell our products, strengthen our brand and expand their businesses and their sales network are crucial for the future growth of our business and would directly affect our sales volume and profitability. Our business is dependent on maintaining a continuing relationship with our most significant dealers as a significant portion of our revenues in our business is generated by a limited number of dealers. An inability to develop and maintain our relationship with dealers by providing new and quality products, effective branding and marketing for such products, attractive commercial arrangements, or effective training and network support for dealers, as compared to other large players in the industry it may result in the loss of our dealers. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain or increase the historic levels of business from our dealers, or that we will be able to immediately and successfully replace these dealers at terms acceptable to us, should we lose any or all of them. Any loss of such dealers may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_13. The current and continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations, including its impact on the ability or desire of customers to purchase our products, may have an adverse effect on our business prospects and future financial performance._** 

The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic and its continuing impact, as well as government measures to reduce the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, have had a significant  impact on our operations since the last week of March 2020. The impact of the pandemic on our business, operations and financial performance have included and may continue to include the following: 

- Temporary shutdown of our Existing Manufacturing Facility for a few weeks in March and April 2020. Regulatory restrictions relating to the pandemic interrupting our operations may also affect our ability to effectively manage our product inventory. 

- Temporary closure of our offices and decline in the availability of workforce due to employees contracting the virus, rationalization of the workforce, and restrictions on travel and movement due to lockdowns imposed by various state governments, affecting commute of employees to their places of work. As a result, our revenue from operations declined by 8.65% from ₹ 1,591.42 million in Fiscal 2020 to ₹1,453.78 million in Fiscal 2021, due to decline in market movement on account of COVID-19, among other reasons and consequently expect an adverse impact on our sales and profitability. Further our employee benefit expenses decreased by 26.64% to ₹ 79.86 million for the financial year 2020-21 from ₹ 108.86 million  including director’s remuneration for the financial year 2019-20. The decrease was mainly on account of decrease in salaries & wages by ₹ 26 million due to cost rationalisation across departments in line with the changes in the market and business conditions led by Covid-19 pandemic. Any further decline, particularly as a result of prolonged restrictions due to the Omicron variant, any new variant or any subsequent waves in India, may also affect our ability to effectively manage our inventory of products. Further, stores located in containment zones, as demarcated by the regional authorities from time to time, may have further restrictions imposed on their operations. 

- Disruptions to flow of material such as our ability to procure raw materials and finished products from third part manufacturers, reducing our ability to fulfil orders in a timely manner, disrupting the operation of our production facility and third-party manufacturing operations, affecting the ability of our delivery partners to make deliveries due to various restrictive measures imposed by governmental authorities. 

38 

- Compliance with evolving government regulations, including with respect to social distancing measures and sanitization practices. Although we are currently in compliance with such guidelines, any failure in the future to fully comply or adhere to the measures and guidelines or any other similar regulations could lead to the imposition of penalties, fines or other sanctions, which could have an adverse impact on our business. 

Additionally, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully achieve our expansion strategies in the event of subsequent waves of the pandemic in India that leads to additional restrictive measures or hamper overall economic recovery. For instance, the second wave of the COVID-19 pandemic in India in April and May 2021 led to additional restrictive measures such as lockdowns and curfews in certain parts of India, restricting operations at our Existing Manufacturing Facility and exposing our manufacturing personnel to the increased risk of contagion. In the event waves worsen or are not controlled in a timely manner, we may not be able to (i) manage our operations at their full capacity; and (ii) successfully implement our growth strategy. Even though we have taken various initiatives to raise awareness for COVID as well as implemented social distancing and hygiene measures in our Existing Manufacturing Facility and offices, we cannot assure you that in the event of another COVID-19 wave additional restrictions will be put back in place or if another lockdown would be re-imposed to control the spread of COVID-19. The impact of the ongoing pandemic cannot be ascertained at this time, and while we cannot currently estimate the duration or future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business or on the Indian or global economy, there is a likelihood that the effects could continue into Fiscal 2022 and beyond. 

In addition, if our Key Managerial Personnel or a significant percentage of our workforce is unable to work due to COVID-19 illness, quarantine, limitations on travel or other government restrictions in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, our operations may be negatively impacted. 

**_14. We may be unable to enforce our rights under some of our agreements with counterparties on account of insufficient stamping and non-registration or other reasons._** 

We enter into agreements with third parties. Some of the agreements executed by us namely (1) Memorandum of entry for deposit of title deeds dated March 28, 2019; and (2) Supplemental memorandum of entry for deposit of title deeds dated February 12, 2021 may be inadequately stamped or not registered or may not otherwise be enforceable. Inadequately stamped documents may be impounded by the appropriate authority. Such inadequately stamped or not registered documents may not be admissible in evidence in a court of law until the applicable stamp duty, with penalty, has been paid and registered, which could, therefore, impact our ability to enforce our rights under the agreements in a timely manner or at all. We cannot assure you that we would be able to enforce our rights under such agreements. This could impair our business operations and adversely affect our cash flows, results of operation and financial condition. 

**_15. There may have been certain instances of non-compliances and alleged non-compliances with respect to certain regulatory filings for corporate actions taken by our Company in the past. Consequently, we may be subject to regulatory actions and penalties for any such past or future non-compliance and our business, financial condition and reputation may be adversely affected._** 

There may have been certain procedural instance of lapses such as delays in filings/ non-filing of forms, noncompliance with procedural requirements for allotment of non-voting shares and variation of rights of such shares, and factual errors in our corporate records in relation to certain corporate actions taken by our Company in the past. For instance, a) Our Company inadvertently did not file Form CHG1 for few vehicle loans availed from banks and charge modifications forms for certain secured borrowings with the respective ROC, Form 23B for Appointment of Auditor as per Companies Act,1956, however we are in process of filing condonation of delay and file modification of charges form and take all necessary steps to rectify the lapse on our part b) Nature of allotments were not described / explained  in the allotment forms viz. Form 2 for the year 2007, 2009, 2011 and 2012 respectively and hence  the prescribed procedure for the same has not been followed, however we shall take all necessary steps to rectify the lapse on our part. This may subject us to regulatory actions and/or penalties which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and reputation. While we have not been subject to any penalties in respect of certain previous violations, there can be no assurance that we would not be subject to such penalties or fines in the future. Further, there can be no assurance that there will be no delays or non-compliances with the filing of certain documents in the future. 

**_16. We are predominantly dependent on the sale of our Wires and Cables products. An inability to anticipate and adapt to evolving customer preferences and demand for particular product, or ensure product quality or reduction in the demand of our wire and cables products may adversely impact demand for our products, brand loyalty and consequently our business prospects and financial performance._** 

Our business prospects are dependent on the demand for our products amongst our existing customers and new customers. In addition, our financial performance is dependent on our wires and cables products, which in Fiscals 

39 

2021, 2022 and 2023 was ₹ 1,312.84 million, ₹ 1,659.02 million and ₹ 1,716.04 million, respectively which represented 87.50%, 92 27%, and 94.06%, of our total Revenue from operation in, respectively. A portion of our revenues is also derived from LT cables, FMEG Products, PVC Pipe, Tape and other products. In Fiscal 2021, 2022, 2023 sales of FMEG Products were ₹ 187.59 million, ₹ 138.90 million and ₹ 108.88 million respectively, which represented 12.50%, 7.70% and 5.90% of our total Revenue from operation respectively. Sales of PVC Pipe, Tape and other products in Fiscal 2021, 2022, 2023 were ₹ 131.61 million, ₹ 101.63 million and ₹ 79.75 million, respectively, which represented 8.77%, 5.63% and 4.33%, of our total Revenue from operation respectively in such periods. 

As a result, our business and financial condition is dependent on the performance of the wires and cables market in India and we are exposed to fluctuations in the performance of these markets. In the event of a decrease in demand for wires and cables in India, we will experience pronounced effects on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and prospects. The wires and cables market may be affected by, among others, changes in government policies, government initiatives, economic conditions, income levels and interest rates, which may negatively affect the demand for and the valuation of our products. These and other factors may negatively contribute to changes in the prices of and demand for our wires and cables and may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_17. Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds have not been appraised by a public financial institution or a scheduled commercial bank and our management will have broad discretion over utilization of the Net Proceeds_** _._ 

Our Company proposes to utilize the Net Proceeds for funding the capital expenditure for setting up of the Proposed Manufacturing Unit to manufacture new line of products in addition to existing products, funding the working capital requirements of our Company and for general corporate purposes. Our proposed deployment of Net Proceeds has not been appraised by a public financial institution or a scheduled commercial bank and is based on management estimates. Further the deployment of the Net Proceeds will be at the discretion of our Board and the management of our Company will have significant flexibility in applying the proceeds received by our Company from the Issue. However, Audit Committee will monitor the utilization of the proceeds of this Issue and prepare the statement for utilization of the proceeds of this Issue. Further in accordance with Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, a company shall not vary the objects of the Issue without our Company being authorised to do so by our shareholders by way of special resolution and other compliances in this regard. Our Promoters shall provide exit opportunity to such shareholders who do not agree to the proposal to vary the objects, at such price, and in such manner, as may be prescribed by SEBI, in this regard. 

Various risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in this section including inability to obtain necessary approvals for undertaking proposed activities, may limit or delay our efforts to use the Net Proceeds to achieve profitable growth in our business. We cannot assure you that use of the Net Proceeds to meet our future capital requirements, fund our growth and for other purposes identified by our management would result in actual growth of our business, increased profitability or an increase in the value of our business and your investment. 

**_<mark>18. Further, our existing and proposed manufacturing facilities are concentrated in a single region i.e., Himachal Pradesh and the inability to operate and grow our business in this particular region may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future business prospects.</mark>_** 

<mark>Our Existing Manufacturing Unit is located at Solan, Baddi, Himachal Pradesh. Further our Proposed Manufacturing Unit is also proposed to be set-up at Himachal Pradesh. Though we are located at the plain landscapes of Himachal Pradesh, the state is known for its climate sensitive nature with instances of many floods in the past and more recently glacier outbreak in other regions of the state Our success depends on our ability to successfully manufacture and deliver our products to meet our customer demand. Our manufacturing facilities are susceptible to damage or interruption or operating risks, such as human error, power loss, breakdown or failure of equipment, power supply or processes, performance below expected levels of output or efficiency, obsolescence, loss of services of our external contractors, terrorist attacks, acts of war, break-ins, earthquakes, other natural disasters and industrial accidents and similar events. Recently, on account of the government-imposed lockdown in India due to COVID-19 pandemic, operations at all of our manufacturing facilities were temporarily shut down and we were required to follow protocols as suggested by regulatory authorities which impacted our ability to</mark> operate our manufacturing facilities at optimum utilizations. 

<mark>It is also subject to operating risk arising from compliance with the directives of relevant government authorities. Operating risks may result in personal injury and property damage and in the imposition of civil and criminal penalties. If our Company experiences delays in production or shutdowns at our facility due to any reason, including disruptions caused by disputes with its workforce or any external factors, our Company’s operations</mark> 

40 

<mark>will be significantly affected, which in turn would have a material adverse effect on its business, financial</mark> condition and results of operations. 

<mark>Further, any materially adverse social, political or economic development, civil disruptions, or changes in the policies of the state government or state or local governments in this region could adversely affect our manufacturing operations, and require a modification of our business strategy, or require us to incur significant capital expenditure or suspend our operations. Any such adverse development affecting continuing operations at our manufacturing facilities could result in significant loss due to an inability to meet customer contracts and production schedules, which could materially affect our business reputation within the industry. The occurrence of or our inability to effectively respond to, any such events or effectively manage the competition in the region, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future business prospects. Further, continuous addition of industries in and around our manufacturing facilities without commensurate growth of its infrastructural facilities may put pressure on the existing infrastructure therein, which may adversely affect our business.</mark> 

# **_19. Our Existing Manufacturing Unit is critical to our business operations and any shutdown of our Existing Manufacturing Unit may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our Existing Manufacturing Unit at Baddi, Himachal Pradesh, is subject to operating risks, such as the breakdown or failure of equipment, power supply or processes, performance below expected levels of efficiency, obsolescence, labour, disputes, natural disasters, industrial accidents and the need to comply with the directives of relevant government authorities. 

In addition, our Existing Manufacturing Unit and operations require constant power supply. For the Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021 for our electricity and water expenses were ₹ 11.47 million, ₹ 10.05 million and ₹ 10.46 million constituting 0.63%, 0.57% and 0.72% respectively of our revenue from operations. To battle electricity failures, we also have DG set of 250 KVA to meet exigencies at our main facility, however, we cannot assure you that our facilities will be operational during power failures. Any disruption in the supply of electricity may disrupt our operations, which may interfere with manufacturing process, requiring us to either stop our operations or repeat activities which may involve additional time and increase our costs. If energy costs were to rise, or if electricity supplies or supply arrangements were disrupted, our profitability could decline. Any disruption in the supply of power may disrupt our operations, which may interfere with manufacturing process, requiring us to either stop our operations or repeat activities which may involve additional time and increase our costs. If energy costs were to rise, or if electricity supplies or supply arrangements were disrupted, our profitability could decline. We source most of our electricity requirements for our manufacturing facilities from state electricity board. While we believe we have adequate stand-by power supply, this may not be adequate if the disruption in the supply of the power is for a longer period. Additionally, such standby power supply may not be sufficient to enable us to operate our facility at full capacity and any such disruption in the primary power supply available at our production facilities could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our success depends on our ability to successfully manufacture and deliver our products to meet our customer demand. Our manufacturing facilities are also susceptible to damage or interruption or operating risks, such as human error, power loss, breakdown or failure of equipment, power supply or processes, performance below expected levels of output or efficiency, obsolescence, loss of services of our external contractors, terrorist attacks, acts of war, break-ins, earthquakes, other natural disasters and industrial accidents and similar events. It is also subject to operating risk arising from compliance with the directives of relevant government authorities. Operating risks may result in personal injury and property damage and in the imposition of civil and criminal penalties. 

If our Company experiences delays in production or shutdowns at our facility due to any reason, including disruptions caused by disputes with its workforce or any external factors, our Company’s operations will be significantly affected, which in turn would have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, continuous addition of industries in and around our manufacturing facilities without commensurate growth of its infrastructural facilities may put pressure on the existing infrastructure therein, which may adversely affect our business. 

# **_20. We have not entered into any long term or definitive agreements with our dealers or customers. If our dealers or customers choose not to source their requirements from us, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

We have not entered into any long term or definitive agreements with our dealers and distributors and instead rely on purchase orders to govern the volume, pricing and other terms of sales of our products. However, such orders may be amended or cancelled prior to finalization, and should such an amend mentor cancellation take place, we may be unable to seek compensation for any surplus unpurchased products that we manufacture. Consequently, there is no commitment on the part of the customer to continue to source their requirements from us, and as a 

41 

result, our sales from period to period may fluctuate significantly as a result of changes in our customers’ vendor preferences. 

In the past we have not faced any cancellation of products due to  our failure to meet our customers’ expectation but we cannot assure that in future we will not face any cancellation of orders due to failure on our part. There are also a number of factors other than our performance that are beyond our control and that could cause the loss of a customer. Customers may demand price reductions, set-off any payment obligations, require indemnification for themselves or their affiliates, change their outsourcing strategy by moving more work in-house, or replace their existing products with alternative products, any of which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, however in the past we have not faced any of the factors that could cause the loss of a customer. 

**_21. One of the natures of our business model from government companies /tenders exposes us to liability claims and contract disputes and our indemnities may not adequately protect us. Any liability in excess of our reserves or indemnities could result in additional costs, which would reduce our profits._** 

Time is often of the essence in our projects. We typically enter into contracts with government companies which provide for liquidated damages for time overruns. In the event there are delays in our current or future orders and we are unable to receive extensions from our customers, we may be exposed to late delivery charges, liquidated damages and termination apart from entailing significant cost and time overruns. We are generally required to furnish performance guarantees in the form of bank guarantees. In the event we fail to perform under the terms of a contract, a bank guarantee may be called upon by our customer, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Failure to effectively cover ourselves against any of these reasons could expose us to costs and potentially lead to material losses. Faults in technical specifications might also lead to order rejection or modification, which may not be foreseen. In addition, if there is a customer dispute regarding our product or deliveries, the customer may delay or withhold payment to us. 

# **_22. We are subject to strict quality requirements and any product defect issues or failure by us or our raw material suppliers to comply with quality standards may lead to the cancellation of existing and future orders, recalls and exposure to potential product liability claims._** 

We may face an inherent business risk of exposure to product defects and subsequent liability claims if the use of any of our products results in personal injury or property damage, however, in the past existence of our business operations we have not faced any liability claim for our products which has resulted  in personal injury or property damage. The products manufactured by us need to comply with certain standards as prescribed by the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS). We may not be able to meet regulatory relevant quality standards in India, or the quality standards imposed by our customers and applicable to our manufacturing processes, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

If any of our products do not meet regulatory standards or are defective, we may be, inter alia, (i) responsible for damages relating to any defective products, (ii) required to replace, recall or redesign such products or (iii) incur significant costs to defend any such claims. 

The failure by us or any of our suppliers to achieve or maintain compliance with regulatory requirements or quality standards may disrupt our ability to supply products sufficient to meet demand until compliance is achieved or, until a new supplier has been identified and evaluated. The quality of raw materials will have an impact on the quality of the finished products and in turn affect our brand image, business and revenue. There is no assurance that our products will always meet the satisfaction of our customers’ quality standards. Our failure to comply with applicable regulations could cause adverse consequences to be imposed on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, the refusal of regulatory authorities to grant approvals or renewal, delays, suspensions or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, all of which could harm our business. There can be no assurance that if we need to engage new suppliers to satisfy our business requirement, we will be able locate new suppliers in compliance with regulatory requirements in a timely manner, or at all. Failure to do so could lead to the cancellation of existing and future orders and have a material adverse effect on our business and revenue. 

# **_23. The industry in which we operate is labour intensive and our manufacturing operations may be materially adversely affected by strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees or those of our suppliers._** 

Wires & cables industry being labour intensive is dependent on labour force for carrying out its manufacturing operations. We have also employed contract labour at our Existing Manufacturing Unit. Shortage of skilled/unskilled personnel or work stoppages caused by disagreements with employees could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Though we have not experienced any major disruptions in our 

42 

business operations due to disputes or other problems with our work force in the past; however there can be no assurance that we will not experience such disruptions in the future. Such disruptions may adversely affect our business and results of operations and may also divert the management’s attention and result in increased costs. India has stringent labour legislation that protects the interests of workers, including legislation that sets forth detailed procedures for the establishment of unions, dispute resolution and employee removal and legislation that imposes certain financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. We are also subject to laws and regulations governing relationships with employees, in such areas as minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and terminating of employees and work permits. Although our employees are not currently unionized, there can be no assurance that they will not unionize in the future. If our employees unionize, it may become difficult for us to maintain flexible labour policies, and we may face the threat of labour unrest, work stoppages and diversion of our management’s attention due to union intervention, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The attrition rate of our employees for March 31,2023, March 31,2022 and March 31,2021 was 15.36%, 11.47% and 12.70% respectively. 

# **_24. We rely on certain third-party manufacturers for manufacturing some of our products_** 

We enter into arrangements with third-party manufacturers who manufacture wires and cable products such as LT power control cable, TV dish antenna co-axial cables, telephone & switch board industrial cable, computer & LAN networking cable, close circuit television cables and solar cables, PVC insulated tape and PVC conduit pipe & accessories and FMEG products such as electric fans, water heaters and switch and switchgears based on our requirements. However, we do not enter into any formal agreements with such third-party manufacturers. We select and evaluate these third-party manufacturers based on certain criteria including the quality of products produced, reputation and delivery standards. If there are any delays or disruptions in the manufacturing facility of third-party manufacturers, our ability to deliver certain products may be affected. Any of our third-party manufacturers’ failure to adhere to agreed timelines, technical specifications, quality, whether due to their inability to comply with, or obtain, regulatory approvals, or otherwise, may result in delays and disruptions to our supplies, increased costs, delayed payments for our products and damage to our reputation leading to an adverse effect on our results of operations. We are exposed to the risk of these third party manufacturers failing to adhere to the standards set for them by us and statutory and/ or regulatory bodies in respect of factors such as quality, quantum of production, weights and measures and safety standards and non-compliance of relevant rules and regulations, and any consequent action by such statutory and/ or regulatory bodies or otherwise, could adversely affect our business operations, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, due to reasons such as shortage of supply, product liability claims and product recalls. This may also result in lost confidence on the part of our customers and adversely affect our reputation. Further, any delay or failure on the part of the third-party manufacturers to deliver the products in a timely manner or to meet our quality standards by such third-party manufacturers, would result in adverse effect on our business operations, results of operation, cash flows and financial condition. Any litigation involving such third parties may cause a material adverse effect on our reputation. 

Additionally, the use of third-party manufacturers is subject to certain risks, such as our inability to continuously monitor the quality, safety and manufacturing processes at such third-party manufacturing facility. While we have stipulated quality assurance and quality control standards for our third-party manufacturers, we cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain stipulated quality standards in respect of the products that such third-party. 

# **_25. Information relating to the installed manufacturing capacity of our Existing Manufacturing Unit included in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity may vary._** 

Information relating to the installed manufacturing capacity of Existing Manufacturing Unit included in this <mark>RHP</mark> are based on various assumptions and estimates of our management that have been taken into account by a Chartered Engineer Parashar & Co dated August 26, 2023 in the calculation of the installed manufacturing capacity of Existing Manufacturing Unit.  For further details, please refer chapter title “Our Business” under heading “Production Capacity and Capacity Utilization” on page 141 of Red Herring Prospectus. These assumptions and estimates include the standard capacity calculation practice of wires & cables industry after examining the equipment installed at the facilities, the period during which the Existing Manufacturing Unit operated in a year/ period, expected operations, availability of raw materials, expected utilization levels, downtime resulting from scheduled maintenance activities, unscheduled breakdowns, as well as expected operational efficiencies. ~~.~~ Further, the requirements of our customers are not restricted to one type of product and therefore variations in demand for certain types of products also requires us to make certain changes in our manufacturing processes thereby affecting our production schedules. We often increase capacity to meet the anticipated demand of our customers or significantly reduce production of certain products depending on potential orders. Certain products require lesser process time whereas certain products require more process time in the same manufacturing set-out that we have installed. Accordingly, actual production levels and rates may differ significantly from the 

43 

installed capacity information of our facility  or historical installed capacity information of our facilities depending on the product type. Further, the installed capacity, capacity utilisation and other related information may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to capacity information that may be computed and presented by other wires & cables companies. 

**_26. We have significant capital expenditure requirements and may require additional financing to meet those requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

For fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021 our capital expenditures (net of disposals), reflected in our Restated Financial Statements as additions/adjustments to property, plant and equipment including intangible assets and excluding capital WIP were ₹ 12.16  million, ₹ 43.75 million and ₹ 7.81 million respectively constituting 1.08%, 4.20% and 0.79% respectively of total asset. The actual amount and timing of our future capital requirements may differ from estimates due to, among other factors, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, economic conditions, weather related delays, technological changes, additional market developments and new opportunities in the cables and wires industry. Our sources of additional financing, where required to meet our capital expenditure plans, may include the incurrence of debt, the issue of equity or debt securities or a combination of both. If we decide to raise additional funds through the incurrence of debt, our interest and debt repayment obligations will increase, and could have a significant effect on our profitability and cash flows. Any issuance of equity to raise additional funds, on the other hand, would result in a dilution of the shareholding of existing shareholders. 

**_27. Our lenders have charge over our movable and immovable properties in respect of finance availed by us. Our inability to meet our obligations under our debt financing arrangements could adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We have provided security in respect of loans / facilities availed by us from banks and financial institutions by creating a charge over our movable and immovable properties. The total amounts outstanding and payable by us as secured loans were ₹ 396.68 million, 398.85 million and ₹ 429.83 million as on March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 constituting 99.98%, 99.48% and 99.26% respectively of total secured borrowings. For further details, please refer to **_Note 16 – Borrowings – Non- Current and Note 16 – Borrowings – Current_** beginning on page F-29 under the chapter titled **_“_** _Restated Financial Statements_ **_”_** beginning on page  188 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

In the event we default in repayment of the loans / facilities availed by us and any interest thereof, our properties may be subject to invocation/forfeiture by lenders, which in turn could have significant adverse effect on business, financial condition or results of operations. Any failure on our part to comply with the terms in our loan agreements would generally result in events of default under these loan agreements. In such a case, the lenders under each of these respective loan agreements may, at their discretion, accelerate payment and declare the entire outstanding amounts under these loans due and payable. 

**_28. Our loan agreements with various lenders have several restrictive covenants and certain unconditional rights in favour of the lenders, which could influence our ability to expand, in turn affecting our business and results of operations._** 

We have entered into agreements for short term and long-term borrowings with certain lenders. As on March 31, 2023 an aggregate of ₹ 339.97 million as short-term loans (including Current maturities ofLong term borrowings) constituting 85.69% of total borrowings and ₹ 56.71 million as long-term loans constituting 14.29% of total borrowings was outstanding towards loans availed from banks and financial institutions. For further details, please refer chapter titled “Restated Financial Statements” under **_Note 16 – Borrowings – Non- Current Borrowings and Current Borrowings_** on page F-29 of Red Herring Prospectus. The credit facilities availed by our Company are secured by way of mortgage of fixed assets, hypothecation of current assets (both present and future), and personal guarantees given by our Promoters and Whole-time Directors. In case we are not able to pay our dues in time, the same may amount to a default under the loan documentation and all the penal and termination provisions therein would get triggered and the loans granted to the Company may be recalled with penal interest. This could severely affect our operations and financial condition. In addition to the above, our loan documentation includes certain conditions and covenants that require us to obtain consents from the aforesaid banks prior to carrying out certain activities like entering into any amalgamation, demerger, merger and corporate reconstruction, changing our management and operating structure, making any fresh borrowings or creating fresh charges on assets, etc. Any failure to comply with any condition or covenant under our financing agreements that is not waived by the lending banks or is not otherwise cured by us, may lead to a termination of our credit facilities, acceleration of all amounts due under the said credit facility, which may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and operations or implement our business plans. Further, the said credit facilities can be renewed/enhanced/cancelled/suspended/reduced and the terms and conditions of the same can be altered by the 

44 

lending banks, at their discretion. In the event, the lending banks refuse to renew / enhance the credit facilities and/or cancels / suspends / reduces the said credit facilities and/or alters the terms and conditions to the derogation of our Company, our existing operations as well as our future business prospects and financial condition may be severely affected. 

# **_29. Our Company has availed unsecured loans from banks, directors, their relatives, which may be recalled on demand._** 

For the financial year ending March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, our Company has outstanding unsecured loans amounting to Rs. 0.07 million, Rs 2.07 million and Rs.3.21 million constituting 0.02%, 0.52% and 0.74% of total borrowings, respectively as unsecured loans from banks, directors, their relatives and corporates which is repayable on demand to the relevant lenders. These loans are not repayable in accordance with any agreed repayment schedule and may be recalled by the relevant lender at any time. In such cases, our Company may be required to repay the entirety of the unsecured loans together with accrued interest. Our Company may not be able to generate sufficient funds at short notice to be able to repay such loans and may resort to refinancing such loans at a higher rate of interest and on terms not favorable to it. Failure to repay unsecured loans in a timely manner may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows and financial condition. For further details of unsecured loans of our Company please refer chapter titled “Financial Indebtedness” on page 192 of Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_30. We appoint contract labour for carrying out certain of our operations and we may be held responsible for paying the wages of such workers, if the independent contractors through whom such workers are hired default on their obligations, and such obligations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

We engage independent contractors through whom we engage contract labourers for performance of certain functions at our Existing Manufacturing Unit for the performance of non-core tasks. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, we are responsible for any wage and statutory payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and our financial conditions. In addition, we may be liable for or exposed to litigations, sanctions, penalties or losses arising from accidents or damages caused by our workers or contractors. 

# **_31. Failure to manage our inventory could have an adverse effect on our net sales, profitability, cash flow and liquidity._** 

The results of operations of our business are dependent on our ability to effectively manage our inventory and stocks. To effectively manage our inventory, we must be able to accurately estimate customer demand and supply requirements and manufacture and trade inventory accordingly. If our management has misjudged expected customer demand it could adversely impact the results by causing either a shortage of products or an accumulation of excess inventory. Further, if we fail to sell the inventory we manufacture, we may be required to write-down our inventory or pay our suppliers without new purchases, or create additional vendor financing, which could have an adverse impact on our income and cash flows. We estimate our sales based on the forecast, demand and requirements and also on the customer specifications. Natural disasters such as earthquakes, extreme climatic or weather conditions such as floods or droughts may adversely impact the supply of raw material and local transportation. Should our supply of raw materials be disrupted, we may not be able to procure an alternate source of supply in time to meet the demands of our customers. Such disruption to supply would materially and adversely affect our business, profitability and reputation. In addition, disruptions to the delivery of product to our customer may occur for reasons such as poor handling, transportation bottlenecks, or labour strikes, which could lead to delayed or lost deliveries or damaged products and disrupt supply of these products. To improve our line capability, we try to stock our inventory at our Existing Manufacturing Unit. An optimal level of inventory is important to our business as it allows us to respond to customer demand effectively. If we over-stock inventory, our capital requirements will increase and we will incur additional financing costs. If we under-stock inventory, our ability to meet customer demand and our operating results may be adversely affected. Any mismatch between our planning and actual consumer consumption could lead to potential excess inventory or out-of-stock situations, either of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

# **_32. We depend on third parties for our suppliers, logistics and transportation needs.  Any disruptions in the same may adversely affect our operations, business, cash flows and financial condition._** 

We do not have an in-house transportation facility and we rely on third party transportation and other logistic facilities at every stage of our business activity including for procurement of products from our suppliers and for transportation from our distribution centres to various stores. However, we do not enter into any formal agreements with the third parties for our logistics and transportation needs. Since the cost of our goods carried by 

45 

third party transporters is typically much higher than the consideration paid for transportation, it may be difficult for us to recover damages for damaged, delayed or lost goods. Our operations and profitability are dependent upon the availability of transportation and other logistic facilities in a time and cost-efficient manner. Accordingly, our business is vulnerable to increased transportation costs, transportation strikes and lock-outs, shortage of labour, delays and disruption of transportation services for events such as weather-related problems and accidents. Further, movement of goods encounters additional risks such as accidents, pilferage, spoilage, shrinkage and our inability to claim insurance may adversely affect our operations, results of operations and financial condition. Although we have not experienced any material logistics and transport related disruptions in the past, any prolonged disruption or unavailability of such facilities in a timely manner could result in delays or non-supply or may require us to look for alternative sources which may not be cost-effective, thereby adversely affecting our operations, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

We rely on third party raw material suppliers for our business. We are exposed to the risk of these suppliers, third party manufacturers and service providers failing to adhere to the standards set for them by us and statutory and/ or regulatory bodies in respect of factors such as quality, quantum of production, weights and measures and safety standards and non-compliance of relevant rules and regulations, and any consequent action by such statutory and/ or regulatory bodies or otherwise, could adversely affect our business operations, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, due to reasons such as shortage of supply, product liability claims and product recalls. This may also result in loss of confidence on the part of our customers and adversely affect our reputation. Further, any delay or failure to deliver the products in a timely manner, would result in adverse effect on our business operations, results of operation, cash flows and financial condition. Any litigation involving such third parties may cause a material adverse effect on our reputation. 

# **_33. Our inability to protect or use intellectual property rights may adversely affect our business._** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we do not own any of the trademarks that are being used by the Company. The proprietors of these trademarks are our Promoter and Promoter Group entities. We have obtained rights to use these trademarks under various assignment, license and registered user agreements. We may not be able to prevent infringement of such trademarks. Further, our efforts to protect these intellectual properties may not be adequate and may lead to erosion of our business value and our operations could be adversely affected. The application of laws governing intellectual property rights in India is uncertain, evolving and could involve risks to us. While we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty whether we are infringing any existing third-party intellectual property rights which may force us to alter our brand offerings. We may also be susceptible to claims from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims. If similar claims are raised in the future, these claims could result in costly litigation, divert management’s attention and resources, subject us to significant liabilities and require us to enter into potentially expensive royalty or licensing agreements or to cease certain brand offerings. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. For further details pertaining to our intellectual property, please refer to the chapter titled “Our Business” beginning on page 129 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_34. Our Company, its Promoters, its Directors, and one of our Group Companies are parties to certain legal proceedings. Any adverse decision in such proceedings may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our Company, its Promoters, its Directors, and one of our Group Companies are parties to certain legal proceedings. These legal proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and forums. Mentioned below are the details of the proceedings involving our Promoters/Directors, and one of our Group Companies as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus along with the amount involved, to the extent quantifiable, based on the materiality policy for litigations, as approved by the Company in its Board meeting held on March 19, 2022. 

|**Name of Entity**|**Criminal**<br>**Proceedings**|**Tax**<br>**proceedings**|**Statutory/**<br>**Regulatory**<br>**proceedings**|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions by**<br>**the SEBI or**<br>**stock**<br>**Exchanges**<br>**against our**<br>**Promoter**|**Material civil**<br>**litigations**|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**<br>**involved to the**<br>**extent**<br>**ascertainable**<br>**(₹ in million)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Company**|||||||
|By our<br>Company|27|-|-|-|-|12.91|



46 

|Against our<br>Company|1|-|-|-|-|1.16|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Directors**|||||||
|By our<br>Promoters/Directors|7|-|-|-|-|2.5|
|Against our<br>Promoters/Directors|-|-|1|-|-|NIL|
|**Group Companies**|||||||
|By<br>our<br>Group<br>Companies affecting<br>business<br>operations<br>of our Company|5|-|-|-|1|0.59|
|Litigation against our<br>Group<br>Companies<br>affecting<br>business<br>operations<br>of<br>our<br>Company|-|-|-|-|-|NIL|



There can be no assurance that these litigations will be decided in favour of our Promoters/Directors, and our Group Company, respectively, and consequently it may divert the attention of our management and Promoter and waste our corporate resources and we may incur significant expenses in such proceedings and may have to make provisions in our financial statements, which could increase our expenses and liabilities. If such claims are determined against us, there could be a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations, which could adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. For the details of the cases please refer the chapter titled “ _Outstanding Litigations and Material Developments_ ” beginning on page  216 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_35. We may be unable to comply with changes in environmental, health and safety, labour laws and other applicable regulations._** 

We are subject to various laws and regulations in relation to environmental protection, such as the Water Act, Air Act, as well as environmental laws and regulations, health and safety laws, and labour laws. These laws and regulations impose controls on air and water discharge, noise levels, storage handling, employee exposure to hazardous substances and other aspects of our manufacturing operations. We are also subject to the laws and regulations governing employees, including in relation to minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and termination of employees, contract labour and work permits. For details on such regulations and policies applicable to our business, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies in India_ ” beginning on page 149 of this <mark>RHP.</mark> 

Laws and regulations may limit the amount of hazardous and pollutant discharge that our manufacturing facilities may release into the air, soil and water. The discharge of materials that are chemical in nature or of other hazardous substances into the air, soil or water beyond these limits may cause us to be liable to regulatory bodies or third parties. Any of the foregoing could subject us to litigation, which could increase contingent costs, require considerable attention from the management, and adversely affect our reputation in the event we were found liable. Additionally, the government or the relevant regulatory bodies may require us to shut down our manufacturing facilities, which in turn could lead to product shortages that delay or prevent us from fulfilling our obligations to customers. Furthermore, in the event our manufacturing activities are shut down or suspended, we may continue to incur costs including those incurred to comply with regulations, appeal regulatory decisions, and compensate our workforce. 

**_36. If we are not able to obtain, renew or maintain our statutory and regulatory licenses, registrations and approvals required to operate our business, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We require certain statutory and regulatory licenses, registrations and approvals to operate our business, some of which our Company has either received, applied for or is in the process of application. Further, in the future, we may also be required to obtain new licenses, registrations and approvals for any proposed or upcoming projects, including any expansion of existing projects. There can be no assurance that the relevant authorities will renew such licenses, registrations and approvals in a timely manner or at all. Further, these licenses, registrations and approvals are subject to several conditions, and we cannot assure that we will be able to continuously meet such 

47 

conditions or be able to prove compliance with such conditions to statutory authorities, and this may lead to cancellation, revocation or suspension of relevant licenses, approvals and registrations. Failure by us to renew, maintain or obtain the required licenses or approvals, or cancellation, suspension, or revocation of any of the licenses, approvals and registrations may result in the interruption of our operations and may have a material adverse effect on our business. Our Company has applied for approvals and the receipt of the same are pending as on date of this Red Herring Prospectus such as factory license for our Existing Manufacturing Unit. 

For further details on the licenses obtained by us and licenses for which renewal and other applications have been made, please see the chapter titled “Government and Other Statutory Approvals” beginning on page 236. 

# **_37. Pricing pressure from dealers and distributors may affect our gross margins and ability to increase our prices, which in turn may adversely affect our revenue from operations, profits and cash flows._** 

Consumer demand for our products depends in part on the pricing of our products. We differentiate certain of our products based on their economical pricing coupled with their quality. Our pricing depends on various factors, including the sales and promotional discounts we offer for our products from time to time. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our margins while offering discounts, or that our discounts will continue to attract consumer demand for our products. The pricing of our products is agreed between us and distributors, and changes to such prices require mutual agreement. The pricing is determined by our cost of products and other costs and other factors. Our cost of products may increase in the future due to various factors, including factors beyond our control such as inflation. We cannot assure that, in the future, we would be able to pass increased costs on to our customers. Any inability to do so may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_38. We have had experienced negative cash flows from operations in the recent past, and we may have negative cash flows in the future._** 

We experienced the cash flows, both positive and negative, set forth in the table below for the specified periods: experienced negative cash flows from operations in the recent past. 

||||_(₹ in millions)_|
|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Fiscal 2023**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|
|Net cash flow from operatingactivities|85.99|110.37|(24.38)|
|Net cash flow from/(outflow) investing activities|(39.22)|(42.27)|(7.89)|
|Net cash flow from/(outflow) financing activities|(46.78)|(68.12)|32.28|
|Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash<br>Equivalents|(0.01)|(0.02)|0.01|



There can be no assurance that our net cash flows will be positive in the future. Any negative cash flows in the future could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, and we cannot assure you that our net cash flows will be positive in the future. For further details, see “Summary of Restated Financial Statements” `’ —` and “ _Management s Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition Cash Flows”_ beginning on pages  62  and 211 of the RHP, respectively. 

**_39. We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been provided for in our Company’s financials which if materialised, could adversely affect our financial condition._** 

Our contingent liabilities as on March 31, 2023 are as under: 

|||_(₹ in million)_|
|---|---|---|
|**Sr. No.**|**Particulars**|**As at March 31,**<br>**2023**|
|1.|Claim against the companynot acknowledged as debt|Nil|
|2.|Guarantees excludingfinancialguarantees|2.67|
|3.|Other moneyfor which the companyis contingentlyliable|19.64|



* _The Company’s customers have availed channel financing facility from Adani capital (lender) against which the Company has provided guarantee_ 

In the event any such contingencies mentioned above were to materialize or if our contingent liabilities were to 

48 

increase in the future, our financial condition could be adversely affected. For further details, see the section entitled “ _Restated Financial Statements_ ” beginning on page 188 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_40. We are dependent on our key management team as well as our mid-to-senior personnel and our success depends in large part upon our Promoters. The loss of or our inability to attract or retain such persons could materially adversely affect our business performance._** 

Our business and the implementation of our strategy is dependent upon our key management team, who oversee our day-to-day operations, strategy and growth of our business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to retain these personnel or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. We may not be able to hire and train replacement personnel immediately when qualified personnel terminate their employment with our Company. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting employees that our business requires. Further, our competitors may offer compensation and remuneration packages beyond what we are offering to our key management team. If one or more members of our key management team are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, such persons would be difficult to replace in a timely and cost-effective manner, and our business, prospects, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. For further details of the changes in KMP during the last financial year, see the section entitled “ _Changes in the Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Managerial Personnel of our Company in the last 3 (three) years preceding the date of this RHP”_ on page  177 under the chapter titled “Our Management” and “Our Business” on  pages of 162 and 129, respectively of the Red Herring Prospectus. 

The loss of key personnel or our inability to replace key personnel may restrict our ability to grow, to execute our strategy, to raise the profile of our brand, to raise funding, to make strategic decisions and to manage the overall running of our operations, which would have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 

# **_41. Any increase in interest rates would have an adverse effect on our results of operations and will expose our Company to interest rate risks._** 

We are dependent upon the availability of equity, cash balances and debt financing to fund our operations and growth. Our secured debt has been availed at floating rates of interest. Any fluctuations in interest rates may directly impact the interest costs of such loans and, in particular, any increase in interest rates could adversely affect our results of operations. Furthermore, our indebtedness means that a material portion of our expected cash flow may be required to be dedicated to the payment of interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the funds available to us for use in our general business operations. If interest rates increase, our interest payments will increase and our ability to obtain additional debt and non-fund-based facility could be adversely affected with a concurrent adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further details, please refer chapter titled “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” beginning on page 192 of this <mark>RHP.</mark> 

# **_42. We do not own the land on which our branch offices and warehouses are located._** 

We have 3  branch offices in Uttarakhand, Rajasthan, and Uttar Pradesh, and 4  warehouses in Uttar Pradesh, Assam, Kerala and Delhi,1 godown cum branch office in Maharashtra which are operated either leased or on rental basis. We generally enter into lease or rent agreements with initial terms of one to four years. Most of our rent agreements contain an early termination clause that permits us to terminate the rent agreement early for the reasons specified therein. While we have renewal options for certain of our rental or leased properties, we typically need to renegotiate the terms of renewal with the lessor, who may insist on a significant modification to the terms and conditions of the rent agreement. All our leased or rental properties have a fixed rent for a specific period, subject to applicable escalations. If we do not comply with certain conditions of the lease, the lessor may terminate the lease, which could have an adverse effect on our operations and there can be no assurance that renewal of lease agreement with the owner will be entered into. In the event of non-renewal of lease, we may be required to shift our existing facilities, branch office or sales depots to a new location and there can be no assurance that the arrangement we enter into in respect of new premises would be on such terms and conditions as the present one. 

We may be delayed or be unable to enter a definitive lease or rent agreement with respect to a properties for various reasons, some of which are beyond our control. Further, in the event of termination, we may have to identify alternate locations for which we expend significant time and resources. If alternative premises are not available at the same or similar costs, sizes or locations in a timely manner, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected. Further, any regulatory non-compliance by the landlords or adverse development relating to the landlords’ title or ownership rights to such properties, including as a result of any non-compliance by the landlords, may entail disruptions to our operations, especially if we are 

49 

forced to vacate leased space following any such developments. Additionally, lease or rent agreements are required to be duly registered and adequately stamped under the Indian law in order for them to be enforceable or admissible as evidence in a court of law. 

**_43. Failure to procure and/ or maintain adequate insurance cover in connection with our business may adversely affect our operations and profitability_** 

Our Company has obtained insurance coverage in respect of certain risks. At present, our insurance policies include, coverage of factory for fire, burglary and housebreaking, import, export, domestic sales fire, damage to buildings, plant and machinery, furniture, stocks (raw and finished); insurance coverage towards marine cargo sales turnover; insurance policy covering its Registered Office, branches and warehouses for terrorism, earthquake, fire, stock and cash insurance. However, the Company has not obtained insurance coverage for all its premises. There can be no assurance that our insurance policies will be adequate to cover the losses in respect of which the insurance has been availed. 

If we suffer a significant uninsured loss or if insurance claim in respect of the subject-matter of insurance is not accepted or any insured loss suffered by us significantly exceeds our insurance coverage, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. Further, there is no assurance that the insurance premium payable by us will be commercially viable or justifiable 

**_44. Orders placed by customers may be delayed, modified or cancelled, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further any defaults or delays in payment by a significant portion of our customers, may have an adverse effect on cash flows, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We may encounter problems in executing the orders in relation to our products, or executing it on a timely basis. Moreover, factors beyond our control or the control of our customers may postpone the delivery of such products or cause its cancellation. Due to the possibility of cancellations or changes in scope and schedule of delivery of such products, resulting from our customers discretion or problems we encounter in the delivery of such products or reasons outside our control or the control of our customers, we cannot predict with certainty when, if or to what extent we may be able to deliver the orders placed. Additionally, delays in the delivery of such products can lead to customers delaying or refusing to pay the amount, in part or full, that we expect to be paid in respect of such products. In addition, even where a delivery proceeds as scheduled, it is possible that the customers may default or otherwise fail to pay amounts owed. A large number of cheques issued to us have been dishonoured due to signature mismatch, technical glitch of banks or due to insufficient balance in the account of the customers. 

In the ordinary course of business, we extend credit to our customers. Consequently, we are exposed to the risk of the uncertainty regarding the receipt of the outstanding amounts. For the period ending on fiscal year 2023, 2022 and 2021 our trade receivables were ₹ 521.34 million, ₹ 443.28 million and ₹ 465.96 million constituting 28.56%, 25.07% and 32.05% of revenue from operations, respectively. Out of the above trade receivables as on March 31, 2023, ₹ 21.18 million is due for a period of more than 6 months and upto 1 year and ₹ 23.19 million is due for more than year. Our results of operations and profitability depend on the credit worthiness of our customers. Certain of these customers may have weak credit histories and we cannot assure that these counterparties will always be able to pay us in a timely fashion, or at all. Any adverse change in the financial condition of our customers may adversely affect their ability to make payments to us. 

Default or delays in payments by a significant portion of our customers may have an adverse effect on cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. As at March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 our Company has made a provision for doubtful debts in respect of the above cases for ₹ 0.58 million, _₹_ 0.03 million, and _₹_ 3.50 million, constituting 0.03%, 0.11% and 0.75% of revenue from operations respectively against our outstanding dues. Default or delays in payments by a significant portion of our customers may have an adverse effect on cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_45. Certain of our Directors hold Equity Shares in our Company and are therefore interested in our Company’s performance in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses_** _._ 

Few of our Directors (including our Promoters) are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, to the extent of their shareholding or the shareholding of their relatives in our Company. There can be no assurance that our directors will exercise their rights as Shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. For further details, see “ _Related Party Transactions_ ” under section titled “Annexure VI- Note 33 Related Party Transaction” on page F-40, under the chapter titled “Restated Financial Statements” and “ _Our Management_ ” on pages 188 and 162, respectively. 

**_46. Our Promoters and Whole-time Directors have provided personal guarantees to certain loan facilities availed by us, which if revoked may require alternative arrangements guarantees, repayments of amounts due or_** 

50 

# **_termination of the facilities._** 

Our Promoters and Whole-time Directors have provided personal guarantees in relation to certain loan facilities availed by us for further details, see the chapter titled “ _Financial Indebtedness”_ on page   192 of the RHP. .In the event that any of these guarantees are revoked, the lenders for such facilities may require alternative guarantees, repayment of amounts outstanding under such facilities, or may even terminate such facilities. We may not be successful in procuring alternative guarantees satisfactory to the lenders and as result may need to repay outstanding under such facilities or seek additional source of capital, which may not be available on acceptable terms or at all and any such failure to raise additional capital could affect our operations and our financial conditions. 

# **_47. Our business is dependent on the performance of the real estate, infrastructure and other related industries where our products are utilized. Uncertainty regarding the real estate market, infrastructure sector, economic conditions and other factors beyond our control could adversely affect demand for our products, our costs of doing business and our financial performance._** 

Our products are primarily used in the real estate, infrastructure and related sectors. Adverse conditions in or uncertainty about these markets, or the economy could adversely impact our end-customers’ confidence or financial condition, causing the reduction of demand for our products or delay purchasing or payment for those products. The performance of these sectors, and consequently the demand for our products in these sectors, are dependent on economic and other factors such as government policies, regulations and budgetary allocations as well as investments made in these industries and sectors. The financial performance of the end users of our products and any adverse developments that affect the tile industry and the real estate, infrastructure and related sectors where our products are used may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_48. We are heavily dependent on machinery for our operations and any disruption to the same may cause interruption in business._** 

Our Existing Manufacturing Unit is dependent on plant and machinery. They require periodic maintenance checks and technical support in an event of technical breakdown or malfunctioning. Any significant malfunction or breakdown of our machineries may entail significant repair and maintenance costs and cause delays in our operations. While our Company has not entered into any technical support service agreements for our machineries which are repaired, our Company has its own in-house maintenance team to service/ repair the machinery. Any failure to quickly redress any technical issue may increase our downtime which may affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, while we maintain necessary supplies of spare parts and maintenance related equipment, if we are unable to procure the necessary spare parts in a timely manner, or if we are unable to repair the malfunctioning machinery promptly, our manufacturing operations may be hampered, which could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_49. There may be changes in the estimated project cost._** 

Currently, we have not placed any orders for the plant and machinery and miscellaneous fixed assets required to be utilized in the Proposed Expansion and the total cost of the plant and machinery and miscellaneous fixed assets required by us is estimated to be ₹ 176.92 million. We may have to revise our expenditure and fund requirements as a result of variations in cost estimates on account of variety of factors such as changes in our financial condition, business or strategy, change in quotation for machinery, revision in purchase orders as well as external factors which may not be in our control and may entail rescheduling and revising the planned expenditure and funding requirement and increasing or decreasing the expenditure for a particular purpose from the planned expenditure at the discretion of our management. 

# **_50. Our Company has in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future._** 

We have entered into and may in the course of our business continue to enter into transactions specified under “ _Annexure VI- Note 33 Related Party Transaction”_ on page F-40, under the chapter titled “Restated Financial Statements” beginning on page 188 of this <mark>RHP.</mark> While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis and in the ordinary course of business, there can be no assurance that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions not been entered into with related parties. Furthermore, it is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. There can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

**_51. An inability to address changing industry standards and consumer trends may adversely affect our business,_** 

51 

# **_results of operations and financial condition._** 

The future success of our business will depend in part on our ability to respond to technological advances, consumer preferences and emerging industry standards and practices in a cost effective and timely manner. The development and implementation of such new technology entails technical and business risks. We may have to incur significant  capital investment to upgrade our equipment and manufacturing facilities. While we continue to invest in various product development initiatives, introduction of new technologies and processes for the development of new products, we are subject to general risks associated with introduction and implementation of new products including the lack of market acceptance and delays in product development. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully develop new products or that such new products will receive market acceptance or adapt our manufacturing processes to incorporate new technologies or address changing consumer trends or emerging industry standards. Any rapid change in the expectations of our dealers and end customers in our business on account of changes in technology or introduction of new alternate products could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_52. Failure or disruption of our IT systems  may  unfavourably affect our business and operations_** 

We have implemented various information technology (“IT”) systems to cover key areas of our operations. We are dependent on technology in relation to customer order management and dispatches and financial accounting. We rely on our IT infrastructure to provide us with connectivity and data backup across our locations and functions. We have deployed adequate IT disaster management systems including data backup and retrieval mechanisms, at our Existing Manufacturing Unit and Offices. However, any failure or disruption in the operation of these systems or the loss of data due to such failure or disruption (including due to human error or sabotage) may affect our ability to plan, track, record and analyse work in progress and sales, process financial information, manage our creditors, debtors or otherwise conduct our normal business operations, which may increase our costs and otherwise  affect our business, operations 

# **_53. Our inability to effectively manage our growth or to successfully implement our business plan and growth strategies could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition_** _._ 

The success of our business will depend greatly on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategies. Our growth strategies require us to develop and strengthen relationships with existing dealers and customers for our business of vitrified tiles who may drive high volume orders on an ongoing basis. To remain competitive, we seek to increase our business from existing customers and by adding new customers, as well as expanding into new geographical markets. 

Our success in implementing our growth strategies may be affected by: 

- our ability to expand our dealers’ network; 

- our ability to maintain the quality of our products; 

- our ability to increase our manufacturing capacities as well as procure goods on outsourcing basis; 

- the general condition of the global economy (particularly of India and the other markets that we currently or may operate in); 

- our ability to compete effectively with existing and future competitors; 

- changes in the Indian or international regulatory environment applicable to us. 

Many of these factors are beyond our control and there is no assurance that we will succeed in implementing our strategy. We also plan to enhance and develop our existing brand in India. By focusing further resources, including management time and effort, distribution and sales network and brand management on developing our brand, we will be diverting our resources from our established business of manufacturing. We may not be successful in developing our brand image as we intend to. 

While we have successfully executed our business strategies in the past, there can be no assurance that we will be able to execute our strategies on time and within our estimated budget, or that our expansion and development plans will increase our profitability. Any of these factors could adversely impact our results of operations. We expect our growth strategies to place significant demands on our management, financial and other resources and require us to continue developing and improving our operational, financial and other internal controls. Our inability to manage our business and growth strategies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and profitability 

**_54. We have not made any alternate arrangements for meeting our capital requirements for the Objects of the Issue. Any shortfall in raising / meeting the same could adversely affect our growth plans, operations and_** 

52 

# **_financial performance._** 

As on date, we have not made any alternate arrangements for meeting our capital requirements for the objects of the Issue. We meet our capital requirements through our bank finance, unsecured loans, owned funds and internal accruals. Any shortfall in our net owned funds, internal accruals and our inability to raise debt in future would result in us being unable to meet our capital requirements, which in turn will negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. Further we have not identified any alternate source of funding and hence any failure or delay on our part to raise money from this Issue or any shortfall in the Issue proceeds may delay the implementation schedule and could adversely affect our growth plans. For further details please refer to the chapter titled “ **_Objects of the Issue_** ” beginning on page 81 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_55. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants in our financing arrangements._** 

We may retain all our future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of our business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on factors that our Board of Directors deem relevant, including among others, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. Additionally, under some of our loan agreements, we may not be permitted to declare any dividends, if there is a default under such loan agreements or unless our Company has paid all the dues to the lender up to the date on which the dividend is declared or paid or has made satisfactory provisions thereof. Accordingly, realization of a gain on shareholders investments may largely depend upon the appreciation of the price of our Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. For details of our dividend history, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” beginning on page 187 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_56. Any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval._** 

Our Company intends to use Net Proceeds raised pursuant to the Fresh Issue in the manner set out in the section titled “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” beginning on page 81. In accordance with Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus without obtaining the approval of shareholders of our Company through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the approval of the shareholders of our Company in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such approval of the shareholders of our Company may adversely affect our business or operations. 

In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake variation of Objects of the Issue to use any unutilized proceeds of the Issue, if any, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our Company’s ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilized portion of Net Proceeds, if any, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_57. If we are unable to source business opportunities effectively, we may not achieve our financial objectives._** 

Our ability to achieve our financial objectives will depend on our ability to identify, evaluate and accomplish business opportunities. To grow our business, we will need to hire, train, supervise and manage new employees and to implement systems capable of effectively accommodating our growth. However, we cannot assure you that any such employees will contribute to the success of our business or that we will implement such systems effectively. Our failure to source business opportunities effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. It is also possible that the strategies used by us in the future may be different from those presently in use. No assurance can be given that our analyses of market and other data or the strategies we use or plans in future to use will be successful under various market conditions. 

**_58. Activities involving our manufacturing process can be dangerous and can cause injury to people or property in certain circumstances. A significant disruption at any of our manufacturing facilities may adversely affect our production schedules, costs, sales and ability to meet customer demand_** _._ 

Our business operations are subject to hazards such as risk of equipment failure, work accidents, fire or explosion and require individuals to work under potentially dangerous circumstances. Although we employ safety procedures in the operation of our facilities and maintain what we believe to be adequate insurance, there is a risk that an accident or death may occur in one of our facilities. An accident may result in destruction of property or equipment, environmental damage, manufacturing or delivery delays, or may lead to suspension of our operations 

53 

and/or imposition of liabilities. Any such accident may result in litigation, the outcome of which is difficult to assess or quantify, and the cost to defend litigation can be significant. As a result, the costs to defend any action or the potential liability resulting from any such accident or death or arising out of any other litigation, and any negative publicity associated therewith, may have a negative effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

In particular, if operations at our Existing Manufacturing Unit were to be disrupted as a result of any significant workplace accident, equipment failure, natural disaster, power outage, fire, explosion, terrorism, adverse weather conditions, labour dispute, obsolescence or other reasons, our financial performance may be adversely affected as a result of our inability to meet customer demand or committed delivery schedules for our products. The Company has obtained registration under Employees State Insurance Act, 1948. For further details please refer to the chapter titled “Government and Other Statutory Approvals” on page 236 of the UDRHP. 

Interruptions in production may also increase our costs and reduce our sales, and may require us to make considerable capital expenditures to remedy the situation or to defend litigation that we may become involved in as a result, which may negatively affect our profitability, business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

# **_59. An inability to renew quality accreditations in a timely manner or at all, or any deficiencies in the quality of our products may adversely affect our business prospects and financial performance._** 

We obtain and maintain quality certifications and accreditations from independent certification entities and also comply with prescribed specifications and standards of quality approved by the Government in connection with the products we manufacture. Such specifications and standards of quality is an important factor in the success and wide acceptability of our products. If we fail to comply with applicable quality standards or if the relevant accreditation institute or agency declines to certify our products, or if we are otherwise unable to obtain such quality accreditations in the future, in a timely manner or at all, our business prospects and financial performance will be materially and adversely affected. 

**_60. Our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group will continue jointly to retain majority control over our Company after the Issue, which will allow them to determine the outcome of matters submitted to shareholders for approval._** 

After completion of the Issue, our Promoters and Promoter Group will collectively own majority of the Equity Shares. As a result, our Promoters together with the members of the Promoter Group will be able to exercise a significant degree of influence over us and will be able to control the outcome of any proposal that can be approved by a majority shareholder vote, including, the election of members to our Board, in accordance with the Companies Act and our Articles of Association. Such a concentration of ownership may also have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control of our Company. 

In addition, our Promoters will continue to have the ability to cause us to take actions that are not in, or may conflict with, our interests or the interests of some or all of our creditors or minority shareholders, and we cannot assure you that such actions will not have an adverse effect on our future financial performance or the price of our Equity Shares. 

# **_61. We could be harmed by employee misconduct or errors that are difficult to detect and any such incidences could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and reputation._** 

Employee misconduct or errors could expose us to business risks or losses, including regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation. There can be no assurance that we will be able to detect or deter such misconduct. Moreover, the precautions we take to prevent and detect such activity may not be effective in all cases. Our employees and agents may also commit errors that could subject us to claims and proceedings for alleged negligence, as well as regulatory actions on account of which our business, financial condition, results of operations and goodwill could be adversely affected. 

# **_62. Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus disclose information from the Resurgent India Research Report which has been commissioned and paid for by us exclusively in connection with the Issue and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Issue is subject to inherent risks._** 

Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus include information based on, or derived from the Resurgent India Research Report, which has been prepared by Resurgent India Limited. The Resurgent India Research Report has been commissioned and paid for by us for the purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry and has been prepared in connection with the Issue. Resurgent India Limited was appointed by our Company on December 29, 2021 <mark>and re-appointed on July 25, 2023</mark> . Given the scope and extent of the Resurgent India Research Report, disclosures are limited to certain excerpts and the Resurgent India Research Report has not been reproduced in its 

54 

entirety in this Red Herring Prospectus. There are no parts, data or information (which may be relevant for the proposed Issue), that has been left out or changed in any manner. However, the Resurgent India Research Report is prepared based on information as of specific date thereof and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Certain information in the Resurgent India Research Report is subject to limitations and is also based on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions.  Investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information. You should consult your own advisors and undertake an independent assessment of information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the Resurgent India Research Report before making any investment decision regarding the Issue. For further details, see “Industry Overview” on page 108. 

# **_63. Some of the immediate relatives of our Promoters have not provided consents and information pertaining to them which is required to be disclosed in relation to the Promoter Group in this_** **_<mark>RHP</mark> and to that extent the disclosures made are limited._** 

Our Company had sought for an exemption on the grounds that our Company had reached out to the aforementioned individual members that were identified as members of the Promoter Group, requesting each of them to provide the relevant information and confirmations required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations in respect of themselves as Promoter Group of our Company as well as other entities/bodies corporate/firms/HUFs that they may be interested in which would qualify as Promoter Group of our Company. 

Vide separate letters dated January 24, 2022 January 25, 2022 and January 27, 2022 addressed to our Company, certain immediate relatives of our Promoters have declined to be included and disclosed as promoter group members of our Company and to provide information/documentation/confirmations pertaining to themselves and entities in which they have interest, as are mandated to be included as promoter group members in the RHP. The relevant information and confirmations required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations in respect of such immediate relatives and their entities as Promoter Group of our Company is not available with our Company. 

Our Company had made an exemption application with SEBI dated April 30, 2022 under Regulation 300(1)(c) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations for seeking an exemption from identifying and disclosing names of such immediate relatives of our Promoters and entities in which such immediate relatives of our Promoters have interests in the RHP. SEBI, vide its email dated June 03, 2022 has directed our Company to include such immediate relatives of our Promoters as part of promoter group. 

In view of such refusal of the immediate relatives and in order to comply with promoter group disclosure requirements specified under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our Company has disclosed such details pertaining to such immediate relatives and entities in which they have interest in the chapter titled “Promoters and Promoter Group” beginning on page 178 of the RHP, as were available and accessible to our Company from certain public sources viz. the website of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India. Our Company has attempted to obtain such information of the immediate relatives as is reasonably possible from public sources viz. the website of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India. However, it may occur that our Company has not been able to identify all entities who comprise the promoter group of our Company and/or include disclosures in the RHP pertaining to any factual confirmation required to be made in relation to the promoter group members, on account of refusal of the immediate relatives of the Promoters to provide any information of such entities and/or themselves. There can be no assurance that all relevant and/or complete disclosures pertaining to such immediate relatives and/or their entities comprising the promoter group of our Company are included in the RHP. To that extent the disclosures made in the section on “Our Promoters and Promoter Group” on page 178 of the <mark>RHP,</mark> are limited. For further details, see “Our Promoters and Promoter Group” on page 178 of the <mark>RHP.</mark> Accordingly, investors must rely on their independent examination of our Promoter Group, and should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on the information pertaining to promoter group members disclosed in this <mark>RHP.</mark> 

**_64. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, IFRS and U.S. GAAP, which may be material to investors’ assessments of our financial condition, result of operations and cash flows._** 

Our restated summary statements of assets and liabilities, restated summary statements of profit and loss (including other comprehensive income), cash flows and changes in equity for the Fiscals March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 have been prepared in accordance with the Ind AS. 

We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP, IFRS or any other system of accounting principles on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP, IFRS or any other accounting principles. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS and Indian GAAP. Accordingly, the degree to which the Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on 

55 

the reader’s level of familiarity with Ind AS, Indian GAAP and the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited. 

# **_65. The Issue Price, market capitalization to total income multiple, market capitalization to earnings multiple, price to earnings ratio and enterprise value to EBITDA ratio based on the Issue Price of our Company, may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares on listing._** 

Our market capitalization (based on the upper end of the Price Band) to total income (Fiscal 2023) multiple 1.29  times; our market capitalization (based on the upper end of the Price Band) to earnings (Fiscal 2023) multiple is 31.46  times; our price to earnings ratio (based on Fiscal 2023 profit for the year) is 21.95 at the upper end of the Price Band; The Issue Price will be determined on the basis of assessment of market demand for the Equity Shares issued through a book-building process, and certain quantitative and qualitative factors as set out in the section titled “ _Basis for Issue  Price_ ” on page 99, and the Issue Price, multiples and ratios may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares on listing or thereafter. Prior to the Issue, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Issue. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares cannot be assured. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India and international markets, regulatory amendments, strategic alliances, force majeure situations, volatility in the securities markets in India and other jurisdictions, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors _._ 

# **_66. Pursuant to listing of the Equity shares, we may be subject to pre-emptive surveillance measures like additional Surveillance Measures (“ASM”) and Graded surveillance Measures (“GSM”) by the Stock Exchanges in the order to enhance market integrity and safeguard the interest of the investors._** 

On and post the listing of equity shares, we may be subject to ASM and GSM by the Stock Exchange(s) and the Securities and Exchange Board of India. These measures have been introduced in order to enhance market integrity, and safeguard the interest of investors and to alert and advise investors to be extra cautious and carry out necessary due diligence while dealing in such securities. 

The criteria for shortlisting any scrip trading on the Stock Exchange(s) under the ASM is based on an objective criteria as jointly decided by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges(s) which include market based dynamic parameters such as high low variations, client concentration, close to close price variation, market capitalization, volume variation, delivery percentage, number of unique PANs and price to equity ratio. A scrip is typically subjected to GSM measures where there is an abnormal price rise that is not commensurate with the financial heath and fundamentals of a company which inter alia includes factors like earnings, book value, fixed assets and net worth to the equity ratio etc. The price of our equity shares may also fluctuate after the Issue due to several factors such as volatility in the Indian and global securities market, our profitability and performance, the performance of our competitors, change in the estimates of our performance or any other political or economic factor. The occurrence of any of the above-mentioned factors may trigger the parameters identified by SEBI and the Stock Exchange(s) for the placing securities under the GSM and ASM framework. In the event of our Equity Shares are covered under such Pre-emptive surveillance measures implemented by SEBI and the Stock Exchange(s), we may be subject to certain additional restrictions in the relation to trading of our Equity Shares such as limiting trading frequency (for example trading either allowed in a week or a month) higher margin requirements of settlement  on a trade for trade basis without netting off requirement of settlement on gross basis or freezing price on upper side of trading which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Equity Shares or may in general cause disruptions in the development of an active market for and trading and liquidity of our Equity Shares and on the reputation and conditions of our Company. 

# **EXTERNAL RISKS** 

**_67. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located elsewhere, including India. Adverse economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficit, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in 

56 

general. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions, where some of our revenue from operations is generated. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our products may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic and regional economies. Economic growth in the countries in which we operate is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevailing in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. 

# **_68. Natural or man-made disasters, fires, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other events could materially and adversely affect our business._** 

Natural disasters (such as typhoons, flooding and earthquakes), epidemics, pandemics such as COVID-19 and man-made disasters, including acts of war, terrorist attacks and other events, many of which are beyond our control, may lead to economic instability, including in India or globally, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations may be adversely affected by fires, natural disasters and/or severe weather, which can result in damage to our property or inventory and generally reduce our productivity and may require us to evacuate personnel and suspend operations. Any terrorist attacks or civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic and political events in India or states to who we sell our products could have a negative effect on us. Further, the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict may also have adverse impact on our supply chain. However, the long-term risks associated with the conflict is not clear as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the price of the Equity Shares. A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of diseases such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19 virus. A worsening of the current outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic or future outbreaks of COVID19 virus or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the global economy and economic activity in the region. As a result, any present or future outbreak of a contagious disease could have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_69. Changing regulations in India could lead to new compliance requirements that are uncertain._** 

The regulatory environment in which we operate is evolving and is subject to change. The GoI may implement new laws or other regulations that could affect our industry, which could lead to new compliance requirements. New compliance requirements could increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, the manner in which new requirements will be enforced or interpreted can lead to uncertainty in our operations and could adversely affect our operations. Any adverse regulatory change in this regard could lead to fluctuation of prices of raw materials and thereby increase our operational cost. 

Additionally, our loans are subject to specific conditions imposed by the Ministry of Commerce and Industry, GoI and the RBI. In the event of any adverse regulatory development or in the event that we are otherwise not able to secure such loans, we may not be able to benefit from such low interest rates or the ability to fix the price within the specified time frame at the same price at which we sell our products to our customers. 

The Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019, also prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. Further, as GST is implemented, there can be no assurance that we will not be required to comply with additional procedures or obtain additional approvals and licenses from the government and other regulatory bodies or that they will not impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations. With the implementation of GST, we are obligated to pass on any benefits accruing to us as result of the transition to GST to the consumer thereby limiting our benefits. In order for us to utilise input credit under GST, the entire value chain has to be GST compliant, including us. While we are and will continue to adhere to the GST rules and regulations, there can be no assurance that our suppliers and dealers will do so. Any such failure may result in increased cost on account of non-compliance with the GST and may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

57 

The Government of India has announced the union budget for the Fiscal 2023, pursuant to which the Finance Bill, 2023 (“Finance Bill”) has introduced various amendments. The Finance Bill has received assent from the President of India on March 31, 2023, and has been enacted as the Finance Act, 2023 (“Finance Act, 2023”). There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act 2023 may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

The Government of India has passed new laws relating to social security, occupational safety, industrial relations and wages namely, the Code on Social Security, 2020, the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020, the Industrial Relations Code, 2020 and the Code on Wages, 2019, respectively, which were to take effect from April 1, 2021 (collectively, the “Labour Codes”). The Government of India has deferred the effective date of the Labour Codes and they shall come into force from such date as may be notified by the Government. Further, the Code on Social Security, 2020 (“Social Security Code”) will impact overall employee expenses and, in turn, could impact the profitability of our Company. Under the Social Security Code, a new concept of deemed remuneration has been introduced, such that where an employee receives more than half (or such other percentage as may be notified by the Central Government), of their total remuneration in the form of allowances and other amounts that are not included within the definition of wages under the Social Security Code, the excess amount received shall be deemed as remuneration and accordingly be added to wages for the purposes of the Social Security Code and the compulsory contribution to be made towards the employees’ provident fund. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

# **_70. A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favourable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_71. Political changes could adversely affect economic conditions in India._** 

Our Company is incorporated in India and derives the majority of its revenue from operations in India and the majority of its assets are located in India. Consequently, our performance and the market price of the Equity Shares may be affected by interest rates, government policies, taxation, social and ethnic instability and other political and economic developments affecting India. Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations, may include: 

- the macroeconomic climate, including any increase in Indian interest rates or inflation; 

- any exchange rate fluctuations, the imposition of currency controls and restrictions on the right to convert or repatriate currency or export assets; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse effect on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing for our expansions; 

- prevailing income conditions among Indian customers and Indian corporations; 

- epidemic, pandemic or any other public health in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; 

- volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; 

- changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies; 

- political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; 

58 

- occurrence of natural or man-made disasters; 

- prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; 

- other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India or its consumption sector; 

- international business practices that may conflict with other customs or legal requirements to which we are subject, including anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws; 

- protectionist and other adverse public policies, including local content requirements, import/export tariffs, increased regulations or capital investment requirements; 

- logistical and communications challenges; 

- difficulty in developing any necessary partnerships with local businesses on commercially acceptable terms or on a timely basis; and 

- being subject to the jurisdiction of foreign courts, including uncertainty of judicial processes and difficulty enforcing contractual agreements or judgments in foreign legal systems or incurring additional costs to do so. 

Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_72. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our products at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our customers thereby reducing our margins._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of wages, costs of rent and other expenses relevant to our business. 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our customers, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or increase the price of our products to pass the increase in costs on to our customers. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, there can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **_73. A third-party could be prevented from acquiring control of us post this Issue, because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian Law_** 

As a listed Indian entity, there are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company. Under the Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company subsequent to completion of the Issue. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to our shareholders, such a takeover may not be attempted or consummated because of Takeover Regulations. 

59 

