# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Potential investors should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry in which we operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not currently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may also adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any or some combination of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or believed to be adverse, actually occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition could suffer, the trading price of, and the value of your investment in, our Equity Shares could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Industry Overview”, “Our Business”, “Restated Consolidated Financial Information” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 101, 135, 195 and 267, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and our business and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved._ 

_Potential investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are unable to quantify the financial or other impact of any of the risks described in this section. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on page 16._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information for Fiscals 2021, 2022 and 2023 and the three months ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023 included herein is derived from the Restated Consolidated Financial Information, included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Restated Consolidated Financial Information” beginning on page 195._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from industry publications, in particular, the report titled “Assessment of large-scale IT infrastructure demand in India” December 2021 read with the first addendum to the report dated April 2023 and the second addendum to the report dated September 2023 (the “_ **_CRISIL Report_** _”), prepared and issued by CRISIL, appointed by us on May 12, 2021 and exclusively commissioned and paid for by us in connection with the Offer. A copy of the CRISIL Report is available on the website of our Company at https://www.proteantech.in/ipo-offer-documents. The data included herein includes excerpts from the CRISIL Report and may have been re-ordered by us for the purposes of presentation. There are no parts, data or information (which may be relevant for the proposed issue), that has been left out or changed in any manner. For more information, see “Risk Factors – 18. Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report exclusively commissioned by and paid for by us for such purpose.” beginning on page 35. Also see, “Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data – Industry and Market Data” beginning on page 13._ 

# **_Internal Risk Factor_** 

**_<mark>1. We are substantially dependent on projects awarded by government entities and agencies and our relationship with GoI entities exposes us to risks inherent in doing business with them, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.</mark>_** 

Our business is currently substantially dependent on e-governance and other projects awarded by government establishments, including central, state and local authorities and agencies and public sector undertakings. 

The table below provides details of revenues from operations from contracts and licences sourced from such government clients/ bodies as a percentage of our revenue from operations in the corresponding periods: 

|**Fiscal**|**2021**|**Fiscal**|**2022**|**Fiscal**|**2023**|**Three mon**<br>**June 30**|**ths ended**<br>**, 2022**|**Three mon**<br>**June 3**|**ths ended**<br>**0, 2023**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**contracts**|**Percenta**<br>**ge of**<br>**revenue**|**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**contracts**|**Percenta**<br>**ge of**<br>**revenue**|**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**contracts**|**Percenta**<br>**ge of**<br>**revenue**|**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**contracts**|**Percenta**<br>**ge of**<br>**revenue**|**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**contracts**|**Percenta**<br>**ge of**<br>**revenue**|



24 

|**and**<br>**licences**<br>**sourced**<br>**from**|**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s (%)**|**and**<br>**licences**<br>**sourced**<br>**from**|**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s (%)**|**and**<br>**licences**<br>**sourced**<br>**from**|**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s (%)**|**and**<br>**licences**<br>**sourced**<br>**from**|**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s (%)**|**and**<br>**licences**<br>**sourced**<br>**from**|**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s (%)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**governme**<br>**nt clients/**||**governme**<br>**nt clients/**||**governme**<br>**nt clients/**||**governme**<br>**nt clients/**||**governme**<br>**nt clients/**||
|**bodies (₹**<br>**million)**||**bodies (₹**<br>**million)**||**bodies (₹**<br>**million)**||**bodies (₹**<br>**million)**||**bodies (₹**<br>**million)**||
|4,364.75|72.37%|4,822.85|69.80%|5,381.58|72.51%|1,152.82|73.55%|1,651.62|74.94%|



As we grow our operations, we may continue to be reliant on revenues generated from contracts entered with such government agencies. Any adverse changes in government policies and budgetary allocation resulting from a change in government policies or priorities, could materially and adversely affect our financing, capital expenditure, revenues, or operations relating to our existing and proposed projects as well as our ability to participate in competitive bidding or negotiations for our future projects. For instance, we were appointed as one of the registrars of UIDAI for the purpose of enrolment of residents for allotment of Aadhaar. However, our engagement under this project was concluded in Fiscal 2019 and has not been renewed further. Further, any change to the tax and pension schemes of the GoI could impact our ability to collect tax information for the TIN project and function as the central recordkeeping agency for the NPS. 

Given that we derive a significant portion of our revenue from government entities or agencies, we are exposed to various additional risks inherent in doing business with them, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. These risks include: 

- participation in contracts with government entities could subject us to stricter regulatory and testing requirements which may increase our compliance costs; 

- execution of the detailed definitive documentation and agreements with government entities or agencies may take a significant amount of time and cause delays; 

- cancelation of empanelment with government entities or agencies. For example, we were empanelled with EXIM Bank as a contractor for engineering, procurement, and construction – information technology services and this empanelment has since been discontinued, with all projects to be provided on a tender basis; 

- delays in project implementation and key initiatives where we have invested significant costs; 

- delays in recovery of service charges due to time taken to complete internal processes by such entities and agencies; 

- inability to complete projects in a timely manner; 

- levy of liquidated damages due to our execution delays, which may adversely affect our profit margins; 

- contracts with government entities or agencies are awarded to the lowest bidder that meets technical conditions of the tender, which makes winning such tenders difficult. In addition, if we have to lower our pricing in order to win tenders, it would exert pressure on our margins; 

- the tender process is long and may be subject to significant delays and/or renegotiation of the terms of the bid or lowering the price for products and services included in the tender; 

- political and economic factors such as pending elections, changes in leadership among key governmental decision makers, changes or delays in the implementation of government policies, revisions to tax policies can affect the number and terms of new government contracts signed; 

- any disinvestment by the GoI of its shareholding in such entities could result in a change in business operations of such entities, which may impact existing or future business arrangements between our Company and such entities; 

- terms and conditions of contracts, including requests for proposals and tenders tend to be more onerous and are often more difficult to negotiate than those for other commercial contracts; and 

- in the event of any non-payment or delay in payment by such clients, we may be unable to make payments to our technology partners and other third-party contractors, who may initiate proceedings against our Company. 

Further, payments from government entities or agencies may be, and have been, subject to delays, due to regulatory scrutiny and procedural formalities including with respect to determination on achievement of certain service milestones. To the extent that payments under our contracts with government entities are delayed, our cash flows may be impacted. Each of such risks may result in an adverse impact on our business, results of operation and financial condition. 

**_<mark>2. We may not be able to provide business solutions that meet our clients’ requirements, which could lead to clients discontinuing their work with us, which in turn could harm our business.</mark>_** 

We provide e-governance solutions that meet business requirements and offer our capabilities and expertise to the Central government and respective state governments, regulators, financial and non-financial institutions to create large scale e- governance solutions. 

The table below provides details of revenue generated from our IT enabled e-governance services as a percentage of our revenue from operations in the corresponding periods: 

25 

|**Fiscal**|**2021**|**Fiscal**|**2022**|**Fiscal**|**2023**|**Three mon**<br>**June 30**|**ths ended**<br>**, 2022**|**Three mon**<br>**June 3**|**ths ended**<br>**0, 2023**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Revenue**<br>**from IT**<br>**enabled e-**<br>**governanc**<br>**e services**<br>**(₹ million)**|**Percentag**<br>**e of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s (%)**|**Revenue**<br>**from IT**<br>**enabled e-**<br>**governanc**<br>**e services**<br>**(₹ million)**|**Percentag**<br>**e of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s (%)**|**Revenue**<br>**from IT**<br>**enabled e-**<br>**governanc**<br>**e services**<br>**(₹ million)**|**Percentag**<br>**e of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s (%)**|**Revenue**<br>**from IT**<br>**enabled e-**<br>**governanc**<br>**e services**<br>**(₹ million)**|**Percentag**<br>**e of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s (%)**|**Revenue**<br>**from IT**<br>**enabled e-**<br>**governanc**<br>**e services**<br>**(₹ million)**|**Percentag**<br>**e of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s (%)**|
|6,031.32|100.00%|6,909.09|100.00%|7,422.06|100.00%|1,567.48|100.00%|2,204.03|100.00%|



In recent years, we have been expanding the nature and scope of our engagements by extending the breadth of solutions and services that we offer, which include, for example, system integration services, data management, recordkeeping services, business process re-engineering, development of solutions architecture, data centre co-location services, managed services, digital design and analytics services, cloud related services, application development and maintenance, consulting and security and infrastructure management. 

The increased breadth of our service offerings may result in larger and more complex client projects. This will require us to establish closer relationships with our clients and potentially with other technology service providers and vendors and require a more thorough understanding of our clients’ operations. Our ability to establish these relationships will depend on a number of factors including the proficiency of our technology professionals and our management personnel. We may face challenges to successfully diversify and develop our services in response to evolving trends and demands may adversely affect our growth and negatively impact our profitability. Our service offerings may fail to accurately address our clients’ or users requirements and may not generate the returns as anticipated. We may be required to discontinue such offering and we may not be able to recover the expenses incurred in developing and launching such offerings. For instance, our EZEEWILL service was launched in 2015 and was subsequently discontinued in 2019. Similarly, some of our offerings under NSDL GST services are intended to be phased out. There can be no assurance that there not be other services that will be discontinued in future. Thus, if we are unable to attain a thorough understanding of our clients’ operations, our service offerings may not effectively meet client needs and jeopardize our client engagements, which may negatively impact our revenues and financial condition. 

The table below provides details of our expenses on repairs and maintenance of computers, trading and telecommunication system as a percentage of our revenue from operations in the corresponding periods: 

|**Fisca**|**l 2021**|**Fisca**|**l 2022**|**Fisca**|**l 2023**|**Three mo**<br>**June**|**nths ended**<br>**30, 2022**|**Three m**<br>**June**|**onths ended**<br>**30, 2023**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Amount**<br>**(₹ million)**|**Percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>**(%)**|**Amount**<br>**(₹ million)**|**Percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>**(%)**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**million)**|**Percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>**(%)**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**million)**|**Percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>**(%)**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**million)**|**Percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>**(%)**|
|529.90|8.79%|661.15|9.57%|895.15|12.06%|190.18|12.13%|261.11|11.85%|



We are also faced with the risk that we be unable to manage the scale of increased operational load given that we handle large projects. Any inability to manage the scale of operations could cause clients to lose confidence in our offerings and may choose not to use our products or services. Further, it may also adversely impact our reputation as a provider of large scale solutions which may in turn adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Larger projects often involve multiple components, engagements or stages, and a client may choose not to retain us for additional stages or may cancel or delay additional planned engagements for various reasons unrelated to the quality of our services and outside of our control, such as the business or financial condition of our clients or the economy in general. Further, at the end of the term of the project, we may be required to participate in a fresh tender process for the existing project. In the event, we are unable to bid competitively or are not re-appointed, our financial condition, cash flows and results of operation could be adversely impacted. These terminations, cancellations or delays may make it difficult to plan for project resource requirements, which may have a negative impact on our profitability. Additionally, the business departments of our clients are increasingly making or influencing technology-related buying decisions. If we are unable to establish business relationships with these new buying centers, or if we are unable to articulate the value of our technology services to these business functions, our revenues may be adversely impacted. 

**_<mark>3. We rely on telecommunications and information technology systems, networks and third party infrastructure to operate our business and any interruption or breakdown in such systems, networks or infrastructure of the third parties we rely on or our technical systems could impair our ability to effectively deliver our products and services.</mark>_** 

Our business is technology driven, and we rely on information technology and telecommunications systems and networks and related infrastructure. As such, our business operations and quality of our service depend on the efficient and uninterrupted operation and reliability of telecommunications and information technology systems and networks and related infrastructure. Our systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption as a result of natural disasters, power loss, telecommunications failure, 

26 

technical failures, undetected errors or viruses in our software, corruption or loss of electronically stored data, disruption in communications access or infrastructure, electronic intrusion attempts, break-ins, sabotage, vandalism and other similar events. We cannot assure that our back-up and disaster recovery measures and business continuity planning would effectively eliminate or alleviate the risks arising from the above contingencies. In addition, our systems and software developed internally may contain undetected errors, defects or bugs, which we may not be able to detect and repair, in time or in a cost-effective manner, or at all. In such circumstances, we may be liable for all costs and damages, as we would not be entitled to any indemnification or warranty which we may have been provided if we had obtained such systems or software from third party professional providers. Any damage to or failure of our systems could lead to loss of data or interruptions or delays, thereby impairing our ability to effectively provide our services. While there have been no instances of any data breach in the last three Fiscals and in the three months ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023, we cannot assure you that such instances may not happen in future. 

We may also face cyber threats such as (i) phishing and trojans - targeting our clients, wherein fraudsters send unsolicited mails to our clients seeking account sensitive information or to infect client machines to search and attempt ex-filtration of account sensitive information; (ii) hacking – wherein attackers seek to hack into our platform with the primary intention of causing reputational damage to us by disrupting services; (iii) data theft – wherein cyber criminals may attempt to intrude into our network with the intention of stealing our data or information; and (iv) advanced persistent threat – a network attack in which an unauthorized person gains access to our network and remains undetected for a long period of time with an intention to steal our data or information rather than to cause damage to our network or organization. 

In addition, we rely upon cloud hosting service providers, which provides a distributed computing infrastructure platform for business operations, to operate certain aspects of our services, including our big data analytics application, and certain environments for development testing, training and demonstrations. Given this, along with the fact that we cannot easily switch our operations to another cloud provider, any disruption of or interference with our use of cloud servers would impact our operations and our business could be adversely impacted. 

**_<mark>4. Our business will suffer if we fail to anticipate and develop new services and enhance existing services in order to keep pace with rapid changes in technology and in the industries on which we focus.</mark>_** 

The technology services market is characterized by rapid technological change, evolving industry standards, changing client preferences and new product and service introductions. Our future success will depend on our ability to anticipate these advances and develop new product and service offerings to meet client needs. We may fail to anticipate or respond to these advances on a timely basis, or, if we do respond, the services or technologies that we develop may not be successful in the marketplace. We have recently introduced, and propose to introduce, several new solutions involving artificial intelligencebased automation, blockchain, IoT, machine learning and other technologies. The complexity of these solutions, our inexperience in developing or implementing them and significant competition in the markets for these solutions may affect our ability to market these solutions successfully. In addition, the development of some of the services and technologies may involve significant upfront investments and the failure of these services and technologies may result in our inability to recoup some or all of these investments. Further, better or more competitively priced products, services or technologies that are developed by our competitors may render our services non-competitive or obsolete. Any future pandemic and the resultant economic downturn may result in reduced expenditure on ideating, incubating, developing and marketing new service offerings. This may in turn affect our long-term growth prospects. 

**_<mark>5. If our pricing structures do not accurately anticipate the cost, complexity and duration of our work, then our contracts could be unprofitable.</mark>_** 

We negotiate pricing terms with our clients utilizing a range of pricing structures and conditions. Depending on the particular contract, we may use cost / project based pricing, transaction or services based pricing or hybrid model with features of both pricing models. Our pricing is highly dependent on the client and our internal forecasts and predictions about our projects and the marketplace. 

In accordance with the bid documents, we offer a portion of our services on a pre-agreed lump sum / milestone based fee payment following completion of a defined set of activities / activities by our Company in line with the service level parameters agreed between the parties. We bear the risks of cost overruns, including increased costs of third parties, completion delays and wage inflation in connection with these projects, which may have a material adverse effect on our profitability. 

There is a risk that we will underprice our contracts, fail to accurately estimate the duration, complexity and costs of performing the work or fail to accurately assess the risks associated with potential contracts. The risk is greatest when pricing our outsourcing contracts, as many of our outsourcing projects entail the coordination of operations and workforces in multiple locations, utilizing workforces with different skill sets and competencies across geographically-distributed service centers. Our pricing, cost and profit margin estimates on outsourced work frequently include anticipated long-term cost savings from transformational initiatives and other endeavors that we expect to achieve and sustain over the life of the outsourcing contract, but may not generate revenue in the short term. 

We may also fail to obtain renewals or provide ongoing services, the loss of which prevents us from realizing from long-term 

27 

cost savings. In particular, any increased or unexpected costs, or wide fluctuations compared to our original estimates, delays or failures to achieve anticipated cost savings, or unexpected risks we encounter in connection with the performance of this work, including those caused by factors outside our control, could make these contracts less profitable or unprofitable, which could have an adverse effect on our profit margin. For example, external conditions such as reduced economic activity or any pandemic may affect the rate of client spending, including through increased requests by clients for price discounts and adverse impacts on our ability to provide on-site services to our clients or delays to the provisioning of our offerings, could adversely affect our future revenues, operating results and overall financial performance. 

**_<mark>6. Our client contracts can typically be terminated without cause, which could negatively impact our revenues and profitability.</mark>_** 

Our clients typically retain us on a non-exclusive, project-by-project basis. Many of our client contracts that are on a cost / project based model, on transaction / services based model or hybrid model, can be terminated with or without cause, between 30-days’ and 90-days’ notice. Our business is dependent on the decisions and actions of our clients, and there are a number of factors relating to our clients that are outside of our control, which might lead to termination of a project or the loss of a client, including: 

- financial difficulties for a client including limited access to the credit markets, insolvency or bankruptcy; 

- a change in strategic priorities, resulting in a reduced level of technology spending; 

- a demand for price reductions; or an unwillingness to accept higher pricing due to various factors such as higher wage costs, higher cost of doing business; 

- a change in outsourcing strategy by moving more work to the client’s in-house technology departments or to our competitors; 

- mergers and acquisitions; 

- consolidation of technology spending by a client, whether arising out of mergers and acquisitions, or otherwise; 

- sudden ramp-downs in projects due to an uncertain economic environment; or 

Larger projects may involve multiple engagements or stages, and there is a risk that a client may choose not to retain us for subsequent stages or may cancel or delay subsequent planned engagements. Further, we may not be able to sell additional services to our existing clients. Termination of client relationships, particularly relationships with our significant clients, would have a material adverse effect on our business, results from operations and financial condition. 

Further, any prolonged economic downturn may heighten the risk that certain of our clients may invoke termination clauses to reduce their expenditure which could in turn affect our growth and profitability. Our inability to control the termination of client contracts could have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 

**_7. We may become liable to our clients and lose clients if we have defects or disruptions in our service or if we provide poor service._** 

We deliver some of our technology as a service, and errors or defects in the software applications underlying our services, or a failure of our hosting infrastructure, may make our services unavailable to our clients. Any errors, defects, disruptions in service or other performance problems with our services, whether in connection with the day-to-day operation of our services, upgrades or otherwise, could damage our clients’ businesses. 

Despite the implementation of security measures, the core of our network infrastructure is vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses, equipment failure and other disruptive problems, including the following: 

- we and our users may experience interruptions in service as a result of the accidental or malafide actions; 

- unauthorized access may jeopardize the security of confidential information stored in our computer systems and our clients’ computer systems including through phishing and hacking, which may result in liability to our clients and also may deter potential clients; 

- we may face liability for transmitting to third parties viruses that damage or impair their access to computer networks, programs, data or information; 

- there may be a systemic failure of Internet communications, leading to claims associated with the general unavailability of some of our products; or 

- eliminating computer viruses and alleviating other security or technical problems may require interruptions, delays or cessation of service to our clients. 

From time to time, our clients require our support teams to assist them in using our services effectively, help them in resolving post-deployment issues quickly and in providing ongoing support. If we do not devote sufficient resources or are otherwise unsuccessful in assisting our clients effectively in a timely manner or at all, it could adversely affect our ability to retain existing clients and could prevent prospective clients from adopting our services. If we have any errors, defects, disruptions in service or other performance problems with our services, our clients could elect not to renew our contract, or delay or withhold 

28 

payments to us and we could lose future sales. Further, our clients may make claims against us, which could result in an increase in our provision for doubtful accounts, an increase in collection cycles for accounts receivable or litigation costs. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in demand for client support. We also may be unable to modify the nature, scope and delivery of our client support to compete with changes in the support services provided by our competitors. Increased demand for client support, without corresponding revenue, could increase costs and adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. Our sales are highly dependent on our business reputation and on positive recommendations from our clients. Any failure to maintain high-quality client support, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality client support, could adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_<mark>8. There are pending litigations against our Company. Any adverse decision in such proceedings may render us/them liable to liabilities/penalties and may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and reputation.</mark>_** 

Certain legal proceedings involving our Company are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and authorities. In the event of adverse rulings in these proceedings or consequent levy of penalties, we may need to make payments or make provisions for future payments, which may increase expenses and current or contingent liabilities and adversely affect our reputation. 

A summary of outstanding litigation proceedings involving our Company as disclosed in “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” beginning on page 300, in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the materiality policy approved by our Board pursuant to a resolution dated October 6, 2023, as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus is provided below: 

|**Name of entity**|**Criminal**<br>**proceedings**|**Tax proceedings**|**Statutory or**<br>**regulatory**<br>**proceedings**|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions including**<br>**penalty imposed**<br>**by the SEBI or**<br>**Stock Exchanges**<br>**against our**<br>**Promoters**|**Material civil**<br>**litigations#**|**Aggregate**<br>**amount involved***<br>**(in ₹ million)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Company**|||||||
|By the Company|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|1|433.96|
|Against<br>the|Nil|71|1|Nil|2|1,792.74|
|Company|||||||
|**Subsidiaries**|||||||
|By the Subsidiaries|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against<br>the|Nil|8|Nil|Nil|Nil|0.17|
|<br>Subsidiaries|||||||
|**Directors**|||||||
|By our Directors|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against<br>our|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Directors|||||||
|**Group Company**|||||||
|By<br>the<br>Group<br>Company|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against the Group<br>Company|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|



* _To the extent quantifiable, excluding interest and penalty thereon._ 

For further details see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” beginning on page 300. We cannot assure you that any of the outstanding litigation matters will be settled in our favour, or that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. 

Further, Skorydov Systems Private Limited has filed a petition under Section 9 of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, before the National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai for claiming alleged dues of ₹28.32 million (“ **Claim** ”) from our Company, in relation to the ‘NJRS Project’ (“ **Petition** ”). Our Company has filed the reply stating that the Petition is incomplete, contains false and incorrect information and does not satisfy requirements of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 and also does not qualify as an operational creditor as represented to the National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai. The Petition is currently sub-judice and the Claim is not above the materiality threshold in terms of the materiality policy adopted by the Board pursuant to the resolution dated August 17, 2021 read with resolution passed by the Board on October 6, 2023. Further, certain complaints in relation to the Claim and non-reporting of MSME dues on the MCA portal pertaining to the above subject matter have also been filed against our Company before BSE, RoC and SEBI, which have been duly responded to, by our Company 

In addition to the above, we could also be adversely affected by complaints, claims or legal actions brought by persons, including before consumer forums or sector-specific or other regulatory authorities in the ordinary course or otherwise, in relation to our services, our technology and/or intellectual property, our branding or marketing efforts or campaigns or our policies. Actions 

29 

or claims may also be initiated against us for any health problems or other consequences caused by the products offered by our partners, including any ingredients in such products, or on account of any issues faced during delivery. There can be no assurance that such complaints or claims will not result in investigations, enquiries or legal actions by any regulatory authority against us. 

**_<mark>9. Any delay in the collection of our dues and receivables from our clients may have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.</mark>_** 

Our business depends on our ability to successfully collect payment from our clients of the amounts they owe us for work performed. In Fiscals 2021, 2022 and 2023 and in the three months ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023, our debtor cycle based on closing balances was 120 days, 106 days, 103 days, 116 days and 89 days, respectively. 

The table below provides details of our trade receivables as a percentage of our revenue from operations in the corresponding periods: 

|**Fiscal**|**2021**|**Fiscal**|**2022**|**Fiscal**|**2023**|**Three mon**<br>**June 3**|**ths ended**<br>**0, 2022**|**Three mon**<br>**June 3**|**ths ended**<br>**0, 2023**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Amount**<br>**of Trade**<br>**Receivabl**<br>**es** **(₹**<br>**million)**|**Percentag**<br>**e of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s (%)**|**Amount**<br>**of Trade**<br>**Receivabl**<br>**es** **(₹**<br>**million)**|**Percentag**<br>**e of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s (%)**|**Amount**<br>**of Trade**<br>**Receivabl**<br>**es** **(₹**<br>**million)**|**Percentag**<br>**e of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s (%)**|**Amount**<br>**of Trade**<br>**Receivabl**<br>**es** **(₹**<br>**million)**|**Percentag**<br>**e of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s (%)**|**Amount**<br>**of Trade**<br>**Receivabl**<br>**es** **(₹**<br>**million)**|**Percentag**<br>**e of**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s (%)**|
|2,075.60|34.41%|2,003.98|29.00%|2,088.62|28.14%|1,968.54|125.59%|2,195.66|99.62%|



We cannot assure you that we will be able to accurately assess the creditworthiness of our clients and will be able to collect the dues in time. 

Macroeconomic conditions could also result in financial difficulties for our clients, including limited access to the credit markets, insolvency or bankruptcy. Such conditions could cause clients to delay payment, request modifications of their payment terms, or default on their payment obligations to us, cause us to enter into litigation for non-payment, all of which could increase our receivables. In any such case, we might experience delays in the collection of, or be unable to collect, our client balances, and if this occurs, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. In addition, if we experience delays in billing and collection for our services, our revenue and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

**_<mark>10. Our sales cycle is lengthy and depends upon many factors outside our control, and could cause us to spend significant time and resources prior to earning associated revenues.</mark>_** 

<mark>The typical sales cycle for our products and services is lengthy and unpredictable, requires pre-purchase evaluation by a significant number of employees in our clients’ organizations, and often involves a significant operational decision by our clients. Our sales efforts involve educating our clients about the use and benefits of our products and services, including the technical capabilities and the potential cost savings achievable by organizations deploying our products and services. Clients typically undertake a significant evaluation process, which frequently involves not only our services, but also those of our competitors and can result in a lengthy sales cycle.</mark> 

<mark>Moreover, a purchase decision by a potential client typically requires the approval of several senior decision makers, including the boards of directors of our clients. Sales cycles vary across the services we offer. We spend substantial time, effort and money in our sales efforts without any assurance that our efforts will produce any sales. The lengthy and variable sales cycle may also have a negative impact on the timing of our revenues, causing our revenues and results of operations to vary significantly from period to period.</mark> 

<mark>Further, in weaker economic environments, IT spending by clients is reduced. It may take several months, or even several quarters, for marketing opportunities to materialise. For example, if a client’s decision to use our product is delayed or if the implementation of these products or implementation of a service takes longer than originally anticipated, the date on which we are able to recognise revenues from these products or services will be delayed. Such delays and fluctuations could cause our revenues and results of operation to fluctuate significantly across time periods, and we may not be able to adjust our costs quickly enough to offset such lower revenues, potentially adversely impacting our business, operating results and financial condition.</mark> 

# **_<mark>11. Our reputation could be at risk and we may be liable to our clients or to regulators for damages caused by inadvertent disclosure of confidential information and sensitive data.</mark>_** 

We are dependent on our information technology networks and systems to process, transmit, host and securely store electronic information and to communicate among our locations and with our clients, suppliers and partners. We are often required to 

30 

collect and store sensitive or confidential client data. Security breaches, employee misappropriation, unauthorized access, human or technological error could lead to potential unauthorized disclosure of sensitive data, which in turn could jeopardize projects that are critical to the operations of our clients’ businesses. The theft and/or unauthorized use or publication of our, or our clients’, confidential information or other proprietary business information as a result of such an incident could adversely affect our reputation and competitive position. Any failure in the networks or computer systems used by us or our clients could result in a claim for substantial damages against us and significant reputational harm. Many of our client agreements do not limit our potential liability for breaches of confidentiality. Even if we are compliant with the industry standards, we may still not be able to prevent security breaches involving client transaction data. Any breach could cause clients to lose confidence in the security of our systems and choose not to use our products or services. Any security breach could expose us to risks of data loss, fines, litigation and liability and could seriously disrupt our operations and harm our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our business. 

As a service provider servicing clients operating across a broad range of industries, we often have access to or are required to manage, utilize, collect and store sensitive data and may become subject to various regulatory regimes. These laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number and change frequently. Scope and coverage of these regulations are vast and include various stakeholders that do not necessarily restrict applicability to a certain geography in which we operate, which may result in greater compliance risk and cost. If any person, including any of our employees, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to client or our data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates that data, we could be subject to significant litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution in addition to significant damage to our reputation. The monetary damages might not be subject to a contractual limit of liability or an exclusion of consequential or indirect damages and could be significant. In addition, our liability insurance, might not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyberattacks and other related breaches. Many of our contracts involve projects that are critical to the operation of our clients’ businesses and provide benefits which may be difficult to quantify. 

In addition, we collect and store personal information from clients in the course of doing business. The laws relating to protection of personal information have increased the costs of doing business and, if we fail to implement appropriate safeguards or we fail to detect and provide prompt notice of unauthorized access as required by some of these laws, we could be subject to potential claims for damages and other remedies. If we were required to pay any significant amounts in satisfaction of claims under these laws, or if we were forced to cease our business operations for any length of time as a result of our inability to comply fully with any such law, our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

In addition the Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023 (the “ **DPDPA Act** ”) which received the assent of the President of India on August 11, 2023, regulates the processing of personal data of individual users by data fiduciaries, and the maintenance of accuracy, security and storage of data by such fiduciaries. The DPDPA Act further mandates consents for use of personal data from individual users, and may enforce consents from minors to be obtained from their parents/guardians. Considering that personal data is likely to include in its definition, online payment-related data, the DPDPA Act, may drastically hamper our userbase thereby affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

As part of our operations, we are required to comply with the IT Act and the rules thereof, which provide for civil and criminal liability including compensation to persons affected, penalties and imprisonment for various cyber-related offenses, including unauthorized disclosure of confidential information and failure to protect sensitive personal data. The GoI has implemented certain privacy laws, including the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules 2011, which impose limitations and restrictions on the collection, use, disclosure and transfer of personal information. For further details, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies in India_ ” beginning on page 161. 

Any failure in a client’s system or breaches of security, regardless of our responsibility for such failure, could result in a claim for substantial damages against us and force us to incur significant expense for our defense or could require that we pay large sums in settlement. If unauthorized access to or disclosure of such data in our possession or control occurs or we otherwise fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations in this regard, we could be exposed to civil or criminal enforcement actions and penalties in connection with any violation of applicable data protection laws, as well as lawsuits brought by our clients, or our clients users or others for breaching contractual confidentiality and security provisions or data protection laws. Laws and expectations relating to data protection continue to evolve in ways that may limit our access, use and disclosure of sensitive data, and may require increased expenditures by us or may dictate that we not offer certain types of services. Negative public opinion can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including but not limited to cybersecurity breaches, failures to safeguard personal information, corporate governance, sales and marketing practices, regulatory compliance, mergers and acquisitions, and actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to that conduct. Any actual or alleged conduct by one business that we operate can result in negative public opinion about other businesses that we operate. Although we take steps to minimize reputational risk in dealing with clients and end-customers, we are inherently exposed to this risk. In addition, third parties with whom we have important relationships may take actions over which we have limited control that could negatively impact perceptions about us or the sectors in which we serve. While there have been no material leakages in the last three Fiscals and in the three months ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023, we cannot assure you that such material leakages may not happen in future. 

31 

<mark>The changed operating model to working from home due to the COVID-19 pandemic may increase the risk of confidential data breach as our employees will be accessing these data from home. While we have taken measures to implement suitable automated controls and educate our employees on the importance of security and the need to adhere to the highest levels of security standards, we may not be able to prevent all data breaches, there by resulting in loss of reputation or adverse financial impact due to resultant penalties or fines.</mark> 

# **_<mark>12. If we are unable to meet our service level commitments, our reputation and results of operation could suffer.</mark>_** 

Our services and solutions are typically subject to stringent requirements, extensive technical specifications and other obligations, as specified by our clients in their respective agreements with us. Most of our client contracts provide that we maintain certain service level commitments to our clients. If we fail to meet our service level commitments, we may be contractually obligated to pay the affected client a financial penalty, which varies by contract, and the client may in some cases be able to terminate its contract. In addition, if such a failure were to occur, there can be no assurance that our clients will not seek other legal remedies that may be available to them, including: 

- requiring us to provide free services; 

- seeking damages for losses incurred; and 

- • termination or non-renewal of contracts. 

Any of these events could materially increase our expenses or reduce our net revenue, which would have a material adverse effect on our reputation and results of operations. There may be situation where we may be unable to comply with service level commitments under our contracts on account of several factors including but not limited to changes in scope of the contracts, periodic revalidation of estimates and economic factors such has changes in tax laws or currency fluctuations. Our failure to meet our commitments could also result in substantial client dissatisfaction or loss. As a result of such client loss and other potential liabilities, our net revenue and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Our inability to meet our commitments in a timely manner or at all may also impact our ability to record our revenues which may adversely impact our results of operation, cash flows and financial condition. 

<mark>Our clients may seek more favorable terms from us in our contracts, particularly in connection with clauses related to the limitation of our liability for damages resulting from unsatisfactory performance of services. Further, any damages resulting from such failure, particularly where we are unable to recover such damages in full from our insurers, may adversely impact our business, revenues and operating margins.</mark> 

Further, our agreements also require us to indemnify our clients for losses arising out of, among other things, non-performance or breach of our obligations, infringement of intellectual property rights and gross negligence. In certain contracts, the liability could even extend beyond the contract value and for certain contracts, the capping of liability may not apply for instance in cases of security and/or data leakage, breach of confidentiality, customer claims of certain nature such as reputation loss, claims on account of breaches of regulations relating regulatory authorities, which are in the nature of consequential losses or indirect losses. We are also required under certain agreements to pay penalties and/or liquidated damages in the event of delays or other non-compliances. 

Furthermore, we have provided performance bank guarantees under certain agreements to our clients in relation to our obligations. While there have not been any past instances of failure to perform our obligations under such agreements, including any non-compliance with such specifications, any such failure on our part in the future may lead to termination of the agreement, loss of business with such client, loss of reputation and loss of goodwill. Additionally, it could expose us to indemnity, monetary liability by way of penalties and liquidated damages and may further result in litigation proceedings, which could adversely affect our business, operations, our cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_13. Our business depends on a strong brand, and failing to maintain and enhance our brand would impact our ability to expand our business._** 

We have recently changed the name of our Company from NSDL e-Governance Infrastructure Limited to Protean eGov Technologies Limited. Accordingly, <mark>our business and prospects are dependent on our ability to develop, maintain and strengthen the “</mark> _<mark>Protean</mark>_ <mark>” brand. If we do not continue to establish, maintain and strengthen our brand, we may lose the opportunity</mark> to offer our e-governance and other solutions. <mark>To promote our brand, we may be required to change our branding practices, which could result in substantially increased expenses, including the need to use traditional and social media. If we do not develop and maintain a strong brand, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results will be materially and adversely impacted.</mark> 

Our brand may be negatively impacted by a number of factors, including, among others, reputational issues and performance failures, some of which may be outside of our control. Any negative perception and publicity, whether or not justified, such as complaints in relation to quality of our services, could tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand. Further, if we 

32 

protean Change /s growth 



<!-- Start of picture text -->
&<br><!-- End of picture text -->

©@nNSDL & 



<!-- Start of picture text -->
©@nNSDL<br><!-- End of picture text -->

protean Change /s growth 

parties may associate us or our business with that of National Securities Depository Limited. Any adverse developments or negative publicity in relation to National Securities Depository Limited could accordingly impact our reputation and image which in turn could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of our operation. 

# **_15. We may not meet the selection criteria set for high value contracts by the Government._** 

Selection as service provider for large government projects is undertaken through a tender process, and many of the bids in which we participate are subject to the satisfaction of certain eligibility conditions and performance standards. These include reputation, experience and sufficiency of financial resources. While we have satisfied pre-qualification criteria to bid for such projects in the past, there can be no assurance that we will be able to meet such criteria to bid for these and other similar projects in the future. We spend considerable time and resources in the preparation and submission of bids, and there can be no assurance that we will be awarded such contracts. 

In addition, selection as service provider for these projects is undertaken through a tender process, and many of the bids in which we participate are subject to the satisfaction of certain eligibility conditions and performance standards. These include reputation, experience and sufficiency of financial resources, and quality accreditations and certifications associated with the services. In Fiscal 2023 and in the three months ended June 30, 2023, we have not been awarded any contracts or tenders. While we have satisfied pre-qualification criteria to bid for such projects in the past, there can be no assurance that we will be able to meet such criteria to bid for these and other similar projects in the future. 

In addition, government conducted tender processes may be subject to change in qualification criteria, unexpected delays and uncertainties. In the event that new projects which have been announced and which we intend to bid for are not put up for bidding within the announced timeframe, or qualification criteria are modified such that we are unable to qualify, our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Our ongoing projects have been awarded to us for a definite term and the relevant authorities may float tenders for such projects after expiry of the current term. There can be no assurance that we will be awarded such projects at the end of the tender process. Further, in situations where our bids have been successful, there may be delays in award of the projects, which may result in us having to retain resources which remain unallocated, thereby adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_16. Some aspects of our platform include open source software, and our use of open source software could negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and future prospects._** 

Aspects of certain of our core services such as PIN, TIN, CRA and identity based services include software covered by open source licenses. The terms of various open source licenses have not been interpreted by Indian courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our platform. In such an event, we could be required to re-engineer all or a portion of our technologies, seek licenses from third parties in order to continue offering our products, discontinue the use of our platform in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished, or otherwise be limited in the licensing of our technologies, each of which could reduce or eliminate the value of our technologies. If portions of our proprietary software are determined to be subject to an open source license, we could also be required to, under certain circumstances, publicly release or license, at no cost, our products that incorporate the open source software or the affected portions of our source code, which could allow our competitors or other third parties to create similar products and services with lower development effort, time, and costs, and could ultimately result in a loss of transaction volume for us. We ensure upgrades and patches are available periodically for open source software used and availability is ensured by means of provisioning multiple instances of servers where open source software is installed. As an additional measure, periodic vulnerability assessments are carried out in order to verify that no security vulnerability remains unmitigated on servers where open source software is installed. We cannot ensure that we have not incorporated open source software in our software in a manner that is inconsistent with the terms of the applicable license or our current policies, and we may inadvertently use open source in a manner that we do not intend or that could expose us to claims for breach of contract or intellectual property infringement, misappropriation, or other violation. If we fail to comply, or are alleged to have failed to comply, with the terms and conditions of our open source licenses, we could be required to incur significant legal expenses defending such allegations, be subject to significant damages, be enjoined from the sale of our products and services, and be required to comply with onerous conditions or restrictions on our products and services, any of which could be materially disruptive to our business. 

In addition to risks related to license requirements, usage of open source software can lead to greater risks than use of thirdparty commercial software because open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement, misappropriation, or other violations, the quality of code, or the origin of the software. Many of the risks associated with the use of open source software cannot be eliminated and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and future prospects. For instance, open source software is often developed by different groups of programmers outside of our control that collaborate with each other on projects. As a result, open source software may have security vulnerabilities, defects, or errors of which we are not aware. Even if we become aware of any security vulnerabilities, defects, or errors, it may take a significant amount of time for either us or the programmers who developed the open source software to address such vulnerabilities, defects, or errors, which could negatively impact our products and services, including by adversely affecting the market’s perception of our products and services, impairing the functionality of our products and services, delaying the launch of new products and services, or resulting in the failure of our products and services, any of which 

34 

could result in liability to us, our vendors and service providers. Further, our adoption of certain policies with respect to the use of open source software may affect our ability to hire and retain employees, including engineers. 

# **_17. We may not be able to identify, monitor and manage risks or effectively implement our risk management policies._** 

The effectiveness of our risk management is affected by the quality and timeliness of available data. We have devoted significant resources to develop and implement our risk management policies and procedures and intend to continue doing so in the future. We have policies and procedures in place to measure, manage and control the various risks to which we are exposed, which include our resource planning and asset management policy, credit policy, whistle blower and vigilance mechanism, fair practices code, grievance redressal policy, internal guidelines on corporate governance, fraud prevention policy, investment policy, risk management policy, and anti-money laundering policy. 

Our Board of Directors and the Risk Management Committee review our risk management policies from time to time. We also depend on our information technology systems to assist us with our risk management functions. However, our policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage risks may not be fully effective. Some of our risk management processes may not be automated and subject to human error. Some of our methods of managing risks are based on the use of observed historical market behaviour and may not accurately predict future risk exposures, which could be significantly greater than those indicated by the historical measures. In addition, as we seek to expand the scope of our operations, we also face the risk of inability to develop commensurate risk management policies and procedures. Other risk management methods depend upon an evaluation of information regarding the markets we operate in, the customers we service and certain other matters, which may not be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated in all cases. Management of operational, legal or regulatory risks requires, among other things, policies and procedures to properly record and verify a number of transactions and events. Although we have established these policies and procedures, they may not be fully effective. 

# **_18. Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus have been derived from an industry report exclusively commissioned by and paid for by us for the purposes of the Offer._** 

We have availed the services of an independent third party research agency, CRISIL Limited, appointed by us on May 12, 2021 to prepare an industry report titled “ _Assessment of large-scale IT infrastructure demand in India”_ December 2021 read with the first addendum to the report dated April 2023 and the second addendum to the report dated September 2023, exclusively commissioned and paid for by us for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Red Herring Prospectus. Given the scope and extent of the CRISIL Report, disclosures are limited to certain excerpts and the CRISIL Report has not been reproduced in its entirety in this Red Herring Prospectus. The report is a paid report that has been commissioned by our Company and is subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. Due to possibly flawed or ineffective collection methods or discrepancies between published information and market practice and other problems, the statistics herein may be inaccurate or may not be comparable to statistics produced for other economies and should not be unduly relied upon. Further, there is no assurance that they are stated or compiled on the same basis or with the same degree of accuracy as may be the case elsewhere. Statements from third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amounts may differ materially from those included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

In view of the foregoing, you may not be able to seek legal recourse for any losses resulting from undertaking any investment in the Offer pursuant to reliance on the information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the CRISIL Report. You should consult your own advisors and undertake an independent assessment of information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the CRISIL Report before making any investment decision regarding the Offer. See “ _Industry Overview”_ beginning on page 101. For the disclaimers associated with the CRISIL Report, see “ _Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Disclaimer of CRISIL Limited”_ beginning on page 14. 

**_19. We do not have a diverse base of clients from whom we are awarded contracts and the loss of any client could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We derive a significant portion of our revenues from limited number of clients. As of June 30, 2023, our primary engagement was with seven ministries of the Government of India across sectors such as finance, education, information technology, communications and broadcasting. 

While we continue to source other clients and enter into other contracts, there can be no assurance that we will be able to entirely substitute the revenue generated from projects awarded from such clients in the event they do not renew their arrangements with us. Our clients may not renew their arrangements or may not continue to award contracts to us on a nomination basis, due to changes in government policy or budgetary allocation. A change in government policy or budgetary allocation may also affect the ability of these clients to perform their obligations under the contracts entered into with us. These and any other events that have an adverse impact on the operations or financial condition of these clients which would have a direct adverse impact on our revenues and results of operation. 

35 

**_20. We are engaged in conceptualizing, developing and executing nationally critical large scale greenfield technology projects and any inability to undertake these projects or satisfactorily deliver such projects could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, given the nature of such projects, we are required to collect and store sensitive personal data which could result in increased scrutiny from regulatory bodies and the government._** 

We are one of the key IT-enabled solution companies in India engaged in conceptualizing, developing and executing nationally critical and population scale greenfield technology solutions. Our ability to execute such products is dependent on a variety of factors including our ability to adapt to rapid technological change, evolving industry standards, changing client preferences and new product and service introductions. Our future success will depend on our ability to anticipate these advances and develop new product and service offerings to meet client needs. In addition, the complexity of these solutions, our inexperience in developing or implementing them and significant competition in the markets for these solutions may affect our ability to market these solutions successfully. In addition, the development of some of the services and technologies may involve significant upfront investments and the failure of these services and technologies may result in our inability to recoup some or all of these investments. Further, competitive pricing, additional services or newer technologies that may be developed by our competitors may render our services non-competitive or obsolete. All of these factors could impact our ability to develop and execute such large scale projects which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Further, given the nature of the projects that we execute, we are required to manage, utilize, collect and store sensitive data which could subject us to increased scrutiny from regulatory bodies and the government. For further information, see “ _Risk Factors – 11. Our reputation could be at risk and we may be liable to our clients or to regulators for damages caused by inadvertent disclosure of confidential information and sensitive data._ ” beginning on page 31. 

**_<mark>21. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by global health epidemics, such as COVID-19 outbreak.</mark>_** 

In late 2019, COVID-19, commonly known as the “novel coronavirus”, emerged and by March 11, 2020, was declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization. Governments and municipalities around the world instituted measures in an effort to control the spread of COVID-19, including quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, school closings, travel restrictions, and closure of non-essential businesses. By the end of March, 2020 the macroeconomic impacts became significant, exhibited by, among other things, a rise in unemployment and market volatility. 

Some of the specific consequent risks related to the occurrence of COVID-19 that have impacted our operations include: 

- Our profitability may be marginally impacted as some clients have sought price reductions or discounts. Our revenue from operations was ₹ 6,031.32 million in Fiscal 2021. Our provision for doubtful debts was ₹ 292.00 million in Fiscal 2021 due to an increase in expected credit risk loss on long outstanding trade receivables; 

- Our trade receivable turnover days were 120 days in Fiscal 2021 primarily due to the temporary disruptions in certain of our customers’ business operations caused by the COVID-19 outbreak; 

- Many of our clients’ and business partners business operations have been negatively impacted due to the economic downturn, resulting in postponement, termination, suspension of some ongoing projects with us and/or reduced demand for our services and solutions; 

- Restrictions on travel has impacted our ability to assign and deploy people at required locations and times to deliver contracted services, thereby impacting our revenue and/or profitability; 

- Our ability to execute growth strategies and expand into new products and services; 

- We incurred unanticipated costs in ensuring our offices are safe and hygienic workplaces for our employees; and to enable employees to work from home; and 

- We incurred additional costs in procuring and deploying hardware assets and technology infrastructure and data connectivity charges for remote working. 

In addition to the above, other consequent risks related to the occurrence of COVID-19 that may impact us in future are: 

- Members of our management team and employees could contract COVID-19 and may be required to quarantine or be hospitalised; 

- Restrictions on travel, marketing events and in-person client meetings may result in sub-optimal branding and delays in our sales and commercial processes, affecting our revenue; 

- Clients may invoke contractual clauses and/or levy penalties if we are unable to meet project quality, productivity and schedule service level agreements due to our employees working remotely; 

- Our profitability may be negatively impacted if we are unable to eliminate fixed or committed costs in line with reduced demand. Additionally, any sudden change in demand may impact utilization in short term thereby impacting margins; 

- Uncertainty as to what conditions must be satisfied before the government authorities completely lift ‘stay-at-home’ orders, across various states in India; 

36 

- Our exposure to cyber security and data privacy breach incidents may increase due to a large number of employees working remotely. This in turn can hinder our ability to continue services and/or operations, impacting revenue, profitability and reputation; and 

- Our ability to procure services may be impacted as some of our vendors may not able to operate efficiently during a lockdown. 

<mark>Further, our ability to ensure the safety of our workforce and continuity of operations while confirming with measures implemented by the central and state governments in relation to the health and safety of our employees may result in increased costs. In the event a member or members of our management team contract(s) COVID-19, our operations may be potentially affected. Risks arising on account of COVID-19 can also threaten the safe operation of our offices and impact the well-being of our employees.</mark> 

**_<mark>22. If we do not effectively manage our growth, including, among other things by improving our administrative, operational and financial processes and systems to manage our growth, the value of our shareholders’ investment may be harmed.</mark>_** 

<mark>As part of our future growth strategy, we are intend to leverage our experience in the e-governance services sector to empower communities to meet sustainable development goals, grow our revenues by creating and implementing open network solutions and focus on sectors with growth potential including healthcare, agriculture and education to implement integrated technology solutions. Our expected growth will continue to place significant demands on our management and other resources. This will require us to continue to develop and improve our operational, financial and other internal controls. As a result of our growing operations, we face and expect to continue to face challenges such as:</mark> 

- recruiting, training and retaining sufficiently skilled technical, marketing and management personnel; 

- maintaining an effective internal control system and properly educating and training employees to mitigate the risk of individuals engaging in unlawful or fraudulent activity or otherwise exposing us to unacceptable business risks; 

- maintaining our high standards of service and levels of client satisfaction; 

- developing and improving our internal administrative infrastructure, particularly our financial, operational, communications and other internal systems including data management in our IT applications and management information systems; 

- preserving our culture, values and entrepreneurial environment; 

- assimilating and integrating disparate IT systems, personnel and employment practices, and operations of acquired companies; and 

- managing our procurement, supply chain and vendor management processes. 

<mark>We cannot assure you that we will be able to execute our plans and, to the extent they proceed, that we will be able to complete them within our budget or desired timelines, achieve an adequate return on our investment or maintain current or prospective growth rates. Even if we are able to implement some or all of the initiatives of our business strategy successfully, our operating results may not improve to the extent we anticipate, or at all.</mark> 

<mark>Even if we are successful in obtaining new business, failure to manage our growth could adversely affect our financial condition. We may experience extended periods of very rapid growth, and if we are not able to manage our growth effectively, our business and financial condition could materially suffer. Our growth may significantly strain our managerial, operational and financial resources and systems. To manage our growth effectively, we will have to continue to implement and improve our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. In addition, we must effectively expand, train and manage our employees. We will be unable to manage our businesses effectively if we are unable to alleviate the strain on resources caused by growth in a timely and successful manner.</mark> 

**_<mark>23. The prices that we can charge for our e-governance services are dependent on recommended or mandatory fees fixed under the terms of the agreements entered into with Central or State Governments.</mark>_** 

<mark>The prices that we charge for our services are fixed under the contracts we enter with Central or state government agencies. Reference prices of e-governance services or pricing limits imposed by the government may limit our ability to determine or revise the prices of the services we offer. Other than certain escalation terms, we have limited ability to determine the prices of the services we offer for our e-governance services. Further, the escalation clauses included in the agreements we have entered into may not be in line with inflation linked costs or even the actual increase in expenses incurred in our operations. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. Further, if the central and state governments implement mandatory pricing regimes, our margins could deteriorate which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.</mark> 

**_<mark>24. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property and proprietary information, or if we infringe the intellectual property rights of others, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected.</mark>_** 

37 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have 18 registered trademarks under different trademark classes, including 



registrations in respect of Vidyasaarthi and Vidya Lakshmi. This also includes our corporate logo “ ”. Our Company and NSDL have entered into a trademark assignment agreement dated October 12, 2022, which is valid for a period of three years from October 12, 2022, pursuant to which NSDL has granted to our Company, irrevocable non-transferable license to 

”. Our Company 





use, the trademarks and (“ **Trademarks** ”) registered under classes 35 and 16, respectively, for, _inter alia_ , (i) indicating the Company’s former name, i.e., “NSDL e-Governance Infrastructure Limited”; (ii) providing information about the Company’s corporate history, background and experience to governmental authorities, regulators and third parties (iii) marketing and branding campaigns and other activities conducted for the purposes of (i) and (ii); (iv) the purposes of operating the retained domain names; (v) other denominative purposes related to the above; and (vi) sublicensing the Trademarks to our Subsidiaries for residual purposes. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Intellectual Property_ ” beginning on page 159. However, our pending trademark applications may be subject to governmental or third-party objection, which could prevent the maintenance or issuance of the same. We may not always be able to safeguard the same from infringement or passing off, both domestically and internationally, and may not be able to respond to infringement or passing off activity occurring without our knowledge. Our ability to compete effectively depends in part on our ability to protect our rights in intellectual property and our efforts to protect our intellectual property (including our reliance on trade secret laws) may not be adequate. Litigation may be necessary to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights, or to defend ourselves against claims by third parties that our business operations or use of our intellectual property infringe their intellectual property rights. Any litigation or claims brought by or against us could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources. Unauthorized parties may infringe upon or misappropriate our trademarks or proprietary information. We may also be unable to renew registration of our domain names, and other parties could create an alternative domain name resembling ours that could be passed off as our domain name. A successful claim of trademark, copyright or other intellectual property infringement against us could prevent us from providing our service, which could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We may not be aware of all intellectual property rights that our services or the products used to transmit or receive our services may potentially infringe. Certain of the services, products and technology provided to us by our third-party suppliers may utilize intellectual property belonging to other third-parties. We cannot assure you that our suppliers will not infringe on the intellectual property of third-parties by supplying us with their services, products or technology, or that our use of such services, products or technology from our suppliers will not cause us to infringe on the intellectual property rights of third-parties. Therefore, there can be no assurance that our services or the products used to transmit or receive our services will not infringe on intellectual property owned by third-parties. Further, third-parties, including our competitors, have or may in the future acquire intellectual property rights that cover or include those which we already use for our services and in the course of our business. To the extent that we are required to pay royalties to third-parties to whom we are not currently making payments, these increased costs of doing business could materially and adversely affect our operating results. Further, there can be no assurance that we or our suppliers would be able to obtain licenses from third-party owners of such intellectual property rights on commercially favorable terms or at all, and if we were unable to obtain such licenses, that we or our suppliers would be able to redesign our services or the products used to transmit or receive our services to avoid infringement. Any court-imposed penalties relating to violations of third-party intellectual property rights could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We may not be aware of all intellectual property rights that our services or the products used to transmit or receive our services may potentially infringe. Certain of the services, products and technology provided to us by our third-party suppliers may utilize intellectual property belonging to other third-parties. We cannot assure you that our suppliers will not infringe on the intellectual property of third-parties by supplying us with their services, products or technology, or that our use of such services, products or technology from our suppliers will not cause us to infringe on the intellectual property rights of third-parties. Therefore, there can be no assurance that our services or the products used to transmit or receive our services will not infringe on intellectual property owned by third-parties. Further, third-parties, including our competitors, have or may in the future acquire intellectual property rights that cover or include those which we already use for our services and in the course of our business. To the extent that we are required to pay royalties to third-parties to whom we are not currently making payments, these increased costs of doing business could materially and adversely affect our operating results. Further, there can be no assurance that we or our suppliers would be able to obtain licenses from third-party owners of such intellectual property rights on commercially favorable terms or at all, and if we were unable to obtain such licenses, that we or our suppliers would be able to redesign our services or the products used to transmit or receive our services to avoid infringement. Any court-imposed penalties relating to violations of third-party intellectual property rights could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

# **_25. We face competition from global and Indian enterprise solution companies and any increase in global competition or access to advanced technical knowhow or process by our competitors may adversely affect our business._** 

The market for e-governance and digital transformation services is rapidly evolving and is highly competitive. We expect that competition will continue to intensify. We face competition from global and Indian enterprise solution companies to a certain extent who use their resources and experience in a competitive manner, including by making acquisitions and investing large 

38 

amounts in R&D and pursuing aggressive marketing and sales initiatives. Currently, we are one of two companies providing PAN services in India on behalf of the GoI ( _Source: CRISIL Report_ ). An entry of a new player in the future may increase competition, decrease our market share in that aspect, and impact our business, financial conditions and results of operation adversly. 

The IT / ITES industry in which we operate is characterized by frequently changing client requirements due to dynamic business environment. We expect competition to intensify further as new entrants emerge in the industry due to available growth opportunities. To remain competitive, we believe we must continue to invest significant resources in research and development, sales and marketing and client support. 

In addition, many of our competitors may have significantly greater engineering, technical, marketing and financial resources and capabilities than we have. These competitors may be able to respond more rapidly than we can to new or emerging technologies or changes in client requirements, including introducing a greater number and variety of products than we can. 

We may in the future not be able to provide similar or better technology solutions than our competitors. Should there be any significant increase in global competition or if we are unable to deal with the changing market conditions, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 

# **_<mark>26. Acquisitions, strategic investments, and other strategic transactions could result in operating difficulties and could harm our business.</mark>_** 

<mark>We expect to continue to consider and evaluate potential strategic transactions as part of our overall business strategy, including, business combinations, acquisitions, and dispositions of certain businesses, technologies, services, products, and other assets; strategic investments; and commercial and strategic partnerships. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in identifying, negotiating, and consummating favorable transaction opportunities. Strategic transactions may involve additional significant challenges, uncertainties, and risks, including, but not limited to, challenges of integrating new employees, systems, technologies, and business cultures; failure to develop the acquired business adequately; disruption of our ongoing operations and diversion of our management’s attention; inadequate data security, cybersecurity and operational and information technology resilience; failure to identify, or our underestimation of, commitments, liabilities, deficiencies and other risks associated with acquired businesses or assets; and potential exposure to new or increased regulatory oversight and uncertain or evolving legal, regulatory, and compliance requirements; potential reputational risks that could arise from transactions with, or investments in, companies involved in new or developing businesses or industries, which may be subject to uncertain or evolving legal, regulatory, and compliance requirements; failure of the transaction to advance our business strategy and of its anticipated benefits to materialize; potential impairment of goodwill or other acquisition-related intangible assets; and the potential for our acquisitions to result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities or significant additional debt. Strategic transactions are inherently risky, may not be successful, and may harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition.</mark> 

<mark>Strategic investments in which we acquire a minority ownership stake inherently involve a lesser degree of influence over business operations. In addition, we may be dependent on controlling shareholders, management, or other persons or entities who control them and who may have business interests, strategies, or goals that are inconsistent with ours. Business decisions or other actions or omissions of the controlling shareholders, management, or other persons or entities who control companies in which we invest may adversely affect the value of our investment, result in litigation or regulatory action against us, and otherwise damage our reputation and brand.</mark> 

**_27. We are required to obtain, renew or maintain statutory and regulatory permits, licenses and approvals to operate our business, and any delay or inability in obtaining, renewing or maintaining such permits, licenses and approvals could result in an adverse effect on our results of operations._** 

Our operations are subject to extensive government regulations and we are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules in the geographies in which we operate, generally for carrying out our business. For details of approvals relating to our business and operations, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” beginning on page 304. Several of these approvals are granted for a limited duration. If we fail to obtain or renew such approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions, in a timely manner or at all, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

The approvals required by us are subject to numerous conditions and we cannot assure you that these would not be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged noncompliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business. In addition, these registrations, approvals or licenses are liable to be cancelled or the services may be restricted. In case any of these registrations, approvals or licenses are cancelled, or its use is restricted, then it could adversely affect our results of operations or growth prospects. 

39 

# **_28. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders._** 

We have entered into transactions with certain related parties, including certain current and former Directors and Key Managerial Personnel of our Company. In particular, we have entered into various transactions with such parties in relation to, amongst others, remuneration, professional fees, advances provided, and reimbursement of expenses. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis and in compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act and the rules made thereunder, we cannot assure you that we might have obtained more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. Further, it is likely that we may enter into additional related party transactions in the future. Such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. 

While we shall endeavour to conduct all related party transactions post listing of the Equity Shares subject to the Board’s or Shareholders’ approval, as applicable, and in compliance with the applicable accounting standards, provisions of Companies Act, the SEBI Listing Regulations and other applicable law, such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. We will endeavour to duly address such conflicts of interest as and when they may arise. We cannot assure you that these arrangements in the future, or any future related party transactions that we may enter into, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects or may potentially involve any conflict of interest. 

The table below provides details of our related party transactions as a percentage of our revenue from operations in the corresponding periods: 

|**Fisca**|**l 2021**|**Fisca**|**l 2022**|**Fiscal**|**2023**|**Three mo**<br>**June 3**|**nths ended**<br>**0, 2022**|**Three mo**<br>**June 3**|**nths ended**<br>**0, 2023**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Aggregat**<br>**e amount**<br>**of**|**Aggregate**<br>**value of**<br>**such**|**Aggregat**<br>**e amount**<br>**of**|**Aggregate**<br>**value of**<br>**such**|**Aggregat**<br>**e amount**<br>**of**|**Aggregate**<br>**value of**<br>**such**|**Aggregat**<br>**e amount**<br>**of**|**Aggregate**<br>**value of**<br>**such**|**Aggregat**<br>**e amount**<br>**of**|**Aggregate**<br>**value of**<br>**such**|
|**Related**<br>**Party**<br>**Transacti**<br>**on** **(₹**<br>**million)**|**Related**<br>**Party**<br>**Transacti**<br>**ons as a**<br>**Percentag**<br>**e of**|**Related**<br>**Party**<br>**Transacti**<br>**on** **(₹**<br>**million)**|**Related**<br>**Party**<br>**Transacti**<br>**ons as a**<br>**Percentag**<br>**e of**|**Related**<br>**Party**<br>**Transacti**<br>**on** **(₹**<br>**million)**|**Related**<br>**Party**<br>**Transacti**<br>**ons as a**<br>**Percentag**<br>**e of**|**Related**<br>**Party**<br>**Transacti**<br>**on** **(₹**<br>**million)**|**Related**<br>**Party**<br>**Transacti**<br>**ons as a**<br>**Percentag**<br>**e of**|**Related**<br>**Party**<br>**Transacti**<br>**on** **(₹**<br>**million)**|**Related**<br>**Party**<br>**Transacti**<br>**ons as a**<br>**Percentag**<br>**e of**|
||**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>**(%)**||**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>**(%)**||**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>**(%)**||**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>**(%)**||**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>**(%)**|
|1,144.95|18.98%|300.89|4.35%|236.06|3.18%|15.63|1.00%|74.18|3.37%|



We cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our minority shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_29. The loss of key suppliers or their failure to deliver equipment or perform services in a timely or satisfactory manner could adversely affect us._** 

We rely on third parties for certain services, including empanelled partners and OEMs for hardware implementation, software delivery and digital transformation. We also engage with third-parties for the supply of network equipment, including fiber optic cables, IT software and other products, and for the supply of services to operate and maintain our platforms and to deliver our services to our clients. We need to have an adequate supply of installation equipment on hand for delivery to our clients in a timely manner. We purchase equipment related to our network, including optical network terminals and equipment routers, and obtain services from our suppliers on a purchase order basis and typically do not have long-term contracts with our suppliers. 

Our suppliers may also choose not to continue to supply us with products or services which we require for our business and operations. Additionally, certain of our suppliers may also supply equipment to our competitors which may reduce our suppliers’ ability to meet our requirements. If our suppliers are unable to or cease to supply us with the products or services, we may not be able to operate our business in a timely manner or at all, or if the costs of these products or services increase, we may incur additional costs and disruptions in our services as we source for alternative suppliers. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain suitable alternative suppliers on terms which are commercially favorable or at all. If hardware or software products provided to us by third-party suppliers are defective or related services are unsatisfactory, it may create technical problems in the delivery of our services, damage our reputation and result in the loss of clients. 

Further, some of our suppliers are also regulated and may require certain licenses to supply us with the services and equipment we require to operate our business. If our suppliers are unable to obtain or renew such licenses or if their licenses are revoked, we may not be able to obtain the services or equipment we require to operate our business and our services and network may be 

40 

disrupted. While our suppliers may appeal against such revocation or suspension, there can be no assurance that they will be successful in such appeals. 

# **_30. If we are unable to establish and maintain an effective internal controls and compliance system, our business and reputation could be adversely affected._** 

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal measures commensurate with the size and complexity of operations. Our internal audit functions make an evaluation of the adequacy and effectiveness of internal systems on an ongoing basis so that our teams adhere to our policies, compliance requirements and internal guidelines. We periodically test and update our internal processes and systems and there have been no past material instances of failure to maintain effective internal controls and compliance system. However, we are exposed to operational risks arising from the potential inadequacy or failure of internal processes or systems, and our actions may not be sufficient to ensure effective internal checks and balances in all circumstances. 

We take reasonable steps to maintain appropriate procedures for compliance and disclosure and to maintain effective internal controls over our financial reporting so that we produce reliable financial reports and prevent financial fraud. As risks evolve and develop, internal controls must be reviewed on an ongoing basis. Maintaining such internal controls requires human diligence and compliance and is therefore subject to lapses in judgment and failures that result from human error. Any lapses in judgment or failures that result from human error can affect the accuracy of our financial reporting, resulting in a loss of investor confidence and a decline in the price of our equity shares. 

Further, our operations are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations. These laws generally prohibit us and our employees and intermediaries from bribing, being bribed or making other prohibited payments to government officials or other persons to obtain or retain business or gain some other business advantage. We participate in collaborations and relationships with third parties whose actions could potentially subject us to liability under these laws or other local anti-corruption laws. While our code of conduct requires our employees and intermediaries to comply with all applicable laws, and we continue to enhance our policies and procedures in an effort to ensure compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations, these measures may not prevent the breach of such anti-corruption laws, as there are risks of such breaches in emerging markets, such as India, including within the healthcare sector. If we are not in compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement and other sanctions and remedial measures, and legal expenses, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Likewise, any investigation of any potential violations of anti-corruption laws by the relevant authorities could also have an adverse impact on our business and reputation. 

# **_<mark>31. We depend on the continued service of our employees, and our business and growth prospects may be disrupted if we lose our employees’ services or if employee costs increase.</mark>_** 

Our current and future success is dependent upon the continued service of our Key Managerial Personnel, Senior Management and our employees. Our industry is characterized by high demand and increased competition for skilled employees, and we may need to offer in order to attract and retain our employees in the future. As of March 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, we had 454, 443 and 609 permanent employees and as of June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023, we had 446 and 635 permanent employees, respectively. Although, the attrition rate of our employees was 3.76%, 17.39%, 16.35%, 4.27% and 3.54%, respectively, in Fiscals 2021, 2022 and 2023, and in the three months ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023, respectively. 

We may not be able to identify, attract or retain such employees with the skillsets we require in a timely manner, on commercially favourable terms or at all. Although we have employment agreements with members of our key managerial personnel and our permanent employees, we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain key members of our management team. If we are unable to offer competitive salaries to our employees, we may not be able to retain them. If one or more of our key personnel are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, or if they join a competitor or form a competing company, we may lose valuable operational, technical, business or other knowhow and expertise and we may not be able to replace them easily. Further, we may not be able to effectively or successfully transition the responsibilities of our key managerial / senior management to new employees. Our business may be significantly disrupted and our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected by any of the foregoing. 

We also depend on our employees to perform our operations, deliver our services to clients and grow our business. If any of our employees are not properly trained, incentivized or motivated to perform our services in accordance with our quality standards, operating procedures, safety regulations or applicable laws, this may adversely affect our brand and our business. In particular, we rely on our employees to install devices, collect fees, and perform maintenance works on our network infrastructure. Any non-compliance by our employees with our quality standards, operating procedures, safety regulations or applicable laws or any malicious acts, including making disparaging or unauthorized statements in the public press about our business or causing personal harm to any of our clients in the course of performing their employment, could damage our reputation and subject us to claims and loss of business. Furthermore, we depend on our employees to deliver adequate service to our clients. If they fail to do so, or if we fail to adequately train or motivate our employees to do so, this could adversely affect our ability to retain our clients or to attract new clients. We may also become subject to regulatory/ legal proceedings, 

41 

which impose service quality standards on us. If we are unable to properly train, motivate or incentivize our employees, if we are unable to attract or retain skilled employees or if our employees are poorly trained or engage in any misconduct, our business, operational efficiency, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 

While our employees are not unionized as at the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, if our employees, which comprise a substantial portion of our workforce, decide to form a union or engage in collective bargaining with us for higher salaries, benefits or other rights, our operations may be adversely affected. Further, any changes in regulation, including any changes in regulations governing salaries in India, such as any increase by the government in the national minimum wage, may require us to incur additional expenses and disrupt our operations. This may adversely affect our business, operations and financial condition. 

In addition, if we are unable to increase compensation or if we reduce compensation or variable pay for our employees going forward, it may result in increased attrition and increased hiring cost to replace such employees. 

**_32. We appoint contract labour for carrying out certain of our operations and we may be held responsible for paying the wages of such workers, if the independent contractors through whom such workers are hired default on their obligations, and such obligations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

In order to maintain operational efficiencies, we appoint independent contractors who in turn engage on-site contract labour for performance of certain of our operations. As of June 30, 2023, we engaged over 350 contract employees for various functions. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, we may be held responsible for any wage payments in terms of the applicable laws and the Code on Wages, 2019, to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractor, as the case may be. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, under the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970, as amended, we may be required to absorb a number of such contract labourers as permanent employees. Thus, any such order from a regulatory body or court may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_33. Our investments in technology, especially our research and development activities, may not yield the intended results in a timely manner or at all, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations._** 

We invest in and intend to continue investing in newer technologies, including, technologies to enhance our R&D capabilities, particularly with a view to enter into new businesses. Our focus areas include IoT, open source technologies, big data analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning. Our choice of focus areas and investments in technology and human capital for research and development are based on the management’s perception of the messaging and cloud based communications industry. We cannot assure you that such investments will yield the intended results as anticipated. Our inability to achieve intended results from our investments in R&D may adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 

**_34. The account aggregation business of our Subsidiary, Protean Account Aggregator Limited (formerly known as NSDL e-Governance Account Aggregator Limited), may not be viable as there is currently no certainty of revenue from account aggregation operations._** 

Account aggregation is an initiative of the Government of India under the aegis of RBI to facilitate aggregation of customers’ assets and deliver reporting services that can help spread financial services. However, apart from RBI, other regulators have not issued directions or guidelines to financial institutions and financial information providers that hold the asset of the investors for them to provide information to account aggregators when it is asked for on behalf of an investor. There is no certainty on when such directions will be issued by regulators such as SEBI and IRDAI. Further, account aggregators are restricted from reading any data or financial information fetched from financial information providers. Accordingly, there would be no valueadd services such as aggregation and analysis by account aggregators, which may affect their ability to generate revenue. 

Our Subsidiary, Protean Account Aggregator Limited ( _formerly known as NSDL e-Governance Account Aggregator Limited_ ), has received the certificate of registration dated January 9, 2023 from the RBI to commence/ carry on the business of nonbanking financial institution without accepting public deposits. It may be subject to inspections by RBI at intervals it deems fit and there can be no assurance that our Subsidiary will be able to respond to the observations made by the RBI in its inspection reports in the future to its satisfaction or that the RBI will not make an adverse remark or impose a penalty as a consequence of such inspections. Any adverse observations or remarks from the RBI and resulting penalties could have an adverse impact on the operations of our Subsidiary which in turn may have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition and results operations. 

**_35. We have had negative cash flows from operating activities in the past and may, in the future, experience similar negative cash flows._** 

42 

We have experienced negative cash flows from operating activities in the three months ended June 30, 2023, and may, in the future, experience negative cash flows. The following table sets forth certain information relating to our cash flows from / (used in) operating activities in the periods indicated: 

|**Particulars**|**2021**|**Fiscal**<br>**2022**|**2023**|**For the**<br>**three**<br>**months**<br>**ended June**<br>**30, 2022**|**For the**<br>**three**<br>**months**<br>**ended June**<br>**30, 2023**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||||**(**₹**million)**|||
|Net cash generated from/ (used in) operating activities|1,001.19|942.69|1,370.21|109.40|(79.04)|



Negative cash flows over extended periods, or significant negative cash flows in the short term, could materially impact our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Further, we cannot assure you that our net cash flow will be positive in the future. 

**_36. Our insurance coverage could prove inadequate to satisfy potential claims or protect us from potential operational hazards and losses which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We have a group term life insurance plan, group personal accident policy and group medi-claim insurance policy for our employees, which covers an employee and their nominee/legal heir in the event of death, permanent total disablement, and temporary total disablement Further, we have obtained a directors and officers’ liability insurance policy for our Senior Management. In addition, we obtain cyber liability insurance policy and package insurance policy for our Company and also professional indemnity insurance policies for the projects that we undertake. Our package insurance policy covers standard fire and special perils, burglary risk, machinery breakdown, electronic equipment, portable equipment risk and public liability insurance. Our insurance cover for assets (excluding intangible assets) as of March 31, 2021, March 31, 2022, and March 31, 2023 was ₹ 2,099.62 million, ₹ 2,189.56 million and ₹ 1,470.61 million, while our net value of asset was ₹ 493.87 million, ₹ 506.85 million and ₹ 517.87 million. Consequently, our insurance cover as a percentage of written down value of asset (excluding intangible assets) was 425.14%, 431.99% and 283.97% as of March 31, 2021, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2023. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Insurance_ ” beginning on page 158. However, there can be no assurance that our current insurance policies will insure us fully against all risks and losses that may arise in the future. Further, there can be no assurance that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time. In cases where certain loss or damages are not covered under our insurance policies, or even if such losses are insured, we are required to pay a significant deductible on any claim for recovery of such a loss, or the amount of the loss may exceed our coverage for the loss or the premium charged is significantly increased, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. In addition, our insurance policies are subject to annual review, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to renew these policies on similar or otherwise acceptable terms, or at all. If we were to incur a serious uninsured loss or a loss that significantly exceeds the limits of our insurance policies, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_37. Our business may require additional capital and failure to obtain such capital in a timely manner or at all could adversely affect our business plans and growth. If we issue fresh shares, it may result in shareholding dilution for an investor._** 

We may require additional capital to finance our growth or to fund acquisitions or investments in complementary businesses, technologies or product lines. Our capital requirements may be influenced by many factors, including demand for our services and products, timing and extent of our investment in new technology or acquisition of other companies, expenses for sales, marketing and development of new products and services, increasing our brand awareness, cost of facilities to accommodate our growing workforce, and costs involved in maintaining and enforcing intellectual property rights. If operating cash flows are not sufficient to meet our expenses as they become due, we may be required to delay or reduce our capital expenditure programme or the development of new products or be forced to sell our assets or may have to forego potential business opportunities. If our resources are insufficient to fund our future activities, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private financing. However, additional funding, if needed, may not be available on terms attractive to us, or at all. Our inability to raise capital when needed could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Any future equity offerings by us, sale by significant shareholders and/or the issue of Equity Shares pursuant to exercise of stock options under the various employee stock option schemes or by way of an induction of strategic investor, may lead to a dilution of investor shareholding and/or affect the market price of our Equity Shares. 

**_38. Our data centers could be harmed by prolonged power outages or shortages, increased costs of energy or general lack of availability of electrical resources._** 

43 

As of June 30, 2023, we operated one data center in Pune, Maharashtra, India. Our data center is susceptible to regional costs of power, power shortages, planned or unplanned power outages and limitations on the availability of adequate power resources. Power outages, including, but not limited to those relating to large storms, earthquakes, fires and tsunamis, could harm our clients and our business. We attempt to limit our exposure to system downtime by using backup generators and power supplies; however, we may not be able to limit our exposure entirely even with these protections in place. As a result, in the event of a power outage, we may be dependent upon the utility company, to restore the power. Any disruption in the operation of our data centres could impact our business operations and negatively impact our financial performance, operating results and cash flows. 

**_39. The confidential information or data of our clients and users of our services may be misappropriated by our employees or subcontractors and as a result, cause us to breach our contractual obligations in relation to such confidential information._** 

We store confidential information and data of our clients and the users of our services. We cannot assure you that the steps taken by us to protect such data will adequately prevent the disclosure of confidential information by an employee or a subcontractor or a subcontractor’s employee and we may not have internal controls and processes to ensure that our employees do not misappropriate or unlawfully distribute such information. If the confidential information is disclosed by us or is misappropriated by our employees or subcontractors, our clients may raise claims against us for breach of our contractual obligations. The successful assertion of any claim may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_40. Any deficiency in our billing and credit control and client management processes could materially and adversely affect our operations._** 

Reliable billing, credit control, collection and client management systems are critical to support our ability to maintain and increase turnover, avoid turnover loss, monitor potential credit problems and bill clients accurately and in a timely manner. We will need to expand and adapt our billing and credit control systems to capture new revenue streams as our business continues to grow. The development of new businesses may impose a greater burden on our systems and may strain our administrative, operational and financial resources. Our billing, credit control, collection and client management systems may be affected by computer viruses, cyber-attacks, telecommunications failures, software flaws and systems failures, human error in managing or operating our software systems, and increased operational load as a result of an increase in the scale of our operations. Any deficiency in billing, credit control, collection and client management systems or delays in upgrades or integration of new systems could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

**_41. Certain of our branch offices are located on premises that are leased from third-parties pursuant to lease agreements, which we may be unable to renew on satisfactory terms or at all._** 

Our Company operates certain branch offices that are located on premises that are leased from third parties. There can be no assurance that we will be able to retain or renew such lease on same or similar terms, or that we will find alternate locations for the existing offices on terms favorable to us, or at all. 

The table below provides our rent expenses as a percentage of our revenue from operations in the corresponding periods: 

|**Fisc**<br>|**al 2021**<br>|**Fisc**<br>|**al 2022**<br>|**Fisc**<br>|**al 2023**<br>|**Three mo**<br>**June**<br>|**nths ended**<br>**30, 2022**<br>|**Three m**<br>**June**<br>|**onths ended**<br>**30, 2023**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Rent**<br>**amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**million)**|**Percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>**(%)**|**Rent**<br>**amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**million)**|**Percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>**(%)**|**Rent**<br>**amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**million)**|**Percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>**(%)**|**Rent**<br>**amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**million)**|**Percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>**(%)**|**Rent**<br>**amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**million)**|**Percentage**<br>**of revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**<br>**(%)**|
|4.11|0.07%|2.27|0.03%|6.45|0.09%|0.93|0.06%|4.00|0.18%|



Our rent and hire charges, including as a percentage of our revenue from operations, may increase in the future as we seek to expand our operations and due to contractual escalation of rents payable in accordance with the lease agreements entered into by us. 

Some of our lease agreements are for short-term periods, including certain lease agreements which are for a period of up to 12 months, and therefore need to be renewed regularly. Some of these leases are renewable with the mutual agreement of our landlords, who may choose not to renew our lease on terms which are equally favorable to use or at all. Our operations, development and maintenance of our network, delivery of our services to our clients and the growth of our business depend on our ability to secure leases over such property. The third-party owners of such property may not agree to lease such property to us or to renew our leases on commercially acceptable terms or at all, or may decide to lease such property to our competitors instead of us, which may put us at a strategic disadvantage or adversely affect our business and operations. Further, if the thirdparty owners of the property we lease fail to comply with laws and regulations applicable to the property we lease, such property 

44 

may become subject to legal proceedings or legal action, which may adversely impact our use of such property and may disrupt our operations. If we are unable to renew or secure rights to use property necessary for our operations, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_42. Compliance with know your customer (“KYC”) regulations and data privacy norms may require us to incur expenditure, which may adversely impact our financial condition and cash flows._** 

Regulators are introducing stringent KYC guidelines, including biometric verification and quality of KYC documents. We are required to comply with KYC requirements and processes in relation to our clients as per applicable Indian law. If we are unable to develop, maintain and update client information in accordance with applicable KYC norms or are unable to prevent the misuse of our services, we may be held liable for non-compliance with governmental regulations. In a recent judgment, the Supreme Court upheld the constitutional validity of ‘Aadhaar’ and has simultaneously restricted its use by private entities for verification of the identity of the mobile phone users and limited the use of Aadhaar for social welfare schemes of GoI. Telecom service operators had built their electronic KYC authentication systems around the biometric database of Aadhaar. Restrictions on usage of Aadhaar by the Supreme Court has led to us requiring to revamp and rework the process and infrastructure for verification of clients for ensuring KYC compliance, from online verification system based on Aadhaar to the alternate modes of verification, which has had substantial cost implications on our business and operations. Alternate mode of KYC verification could be expensive, time consuming and onerous for us for the compliance with data privacy norms. 

We are subject to data privacy laws, rules and regulations that regulate the use of client data. Compliance with these laws, rules and regulations may restrict our business activities, require us to incur increased expense and devote considerable time to compliance efforts. The existing and emerging data privacy regulations limit the extent to which we can use personal identifiable information and limit our ability to use third-party firms in connection with client data. Certain of these laws, rules and regulations are relatively new and their interpretation and application remain uncertain. Data privacy laws, rules and regulations are also subject to change and may become more restrictive in the future. For example, under the Information Technology Act, 2000, as amended, we are subject to civil liability for wrongful loss or gain arising from any negligence by us in implementing and maintaining reasonable security practices and procedures with respect to sensitive personal data or information on our computer systems, networks, databases and software. India has also implemented privacy laws, including the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011, which imposes limitations and restrictions on the collection, use, transfer and disclosure of sensitive personal data or information. Changes or further restrictions in data privacy laws, rules and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The cost and operational consequences of implementing further data protection measures could be significant and this may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_43. The loss of certificates, keys and passwords may result in a loss of access to our servers and the services of third parties, which may result in a loss of data, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

Due to security considerations, access to our servers and services of third parties are controlled by multifactor authentication, which include certificates, keys and passwords. These certificates, keys and passwords are typically stored on our employee’s computers. The loss of these certificates, keys and passwords may result in a loss of access to our servers or the services of third parties, which may result in a loss of data, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_44. We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been provided for in our financial statements, which if they materialise, may adversely affect our financial condition._** 

As of June 30, 2023, our contingent liabilities that have not been accounted for in our financial statements, were as follows: 

|**Particulars**|**Amount**<br>**(**₹**million)**|
|---|---|
|Disputed demandraised by sales taxofficer for MVATand CST<sup>(1)</sup>|226.32|
|Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts (net)<sup>(2)</sup>|9.90|
|Demand raised by Income tax officer for Assessment Year 2016-2017<sup>(3)</sup>|13.63|
|**Total**|**249.85**|



_Notes:_ 

_1. Demand raised by sales tax officer for MVAT and CST payable on services provided by Group. The Group has filed an appeal before the Sales Tax Tribunal and paid a deposit of ₹ 14.20 million under protest. The amounts assessed as contingent liability do not include interest that could be claimed by the authorities. As per order of the tribunal dated January 28, 2022, it has quashed and set aside the order passed by the First Appellate Authority._ 

_2. MVAT payable to seller on purchase of Times Tower premises._ 

_3. Demand raised by Income tax officer is on account of disallowance of deduction claimed by our Company under Section 35AC and chapter VI-A of Income tax Act, 1961 in income tax return filed for Assessment Year 2016-17 pursuant to an order dated February 10, 2022. Our Company has filed rectification application as well as appeal to CIT(A) against said demand._ 

For further information on our contingent liabilities, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information_ ” beginning on page 

45 

# 195. 

**_45. Wage pressures and increases in operating costs in India may prevent us from sustaining our competitive advantage and may reduce our profit margins._** 

Wages in India are increasing at a faster rate than in the developed economies, which could result in increased employee benefit expenses. We may need to continue to increase the levels of our employee compensation to remain competitive and manage attrition. Additionally, the cost of real estate and other utilities and operating expenses is also increasing as India continues to grow. Compensation increases manifest a hike in operational costs which may result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition and result of operations. 

**_46. Grants of stock options under our employee stock option plan may result in a charge to our profit and loss account and, to that extent, reduce our profitability and financial condition._** 

Our Company has an ESOP Scheme for issue of employee stock options and/or deep discounted stock units to eligible employees, which may result in issue of not more than 2,600,000 Equity Shares. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has granted 1,228,829 stock options under the ESOP Scheme. Further, our Company may grant additional options and deep discounted stock units under ESOP Scheme in the future. Grants of stock options result in a charge to our statement of profit and loss and reduce, to that extent, our reported profits in future periods. Any issuance of the equity or equity-linked securities by us, including through exercise of employee stock options pursuant to the ESOP Scheme or any other employee stock option scheme we may implement in the future, may dilute your shareholding in the Company, adversely affecting the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issuance of new securities. For further details in relation to the ESOP Scheme, see “ _Capital Structure – Employee Stock Option Scheme_ ” beginning on page 87. 

**_47. Our Company was incorporated by 1995 and certain of our corporate records and filings with the RoC are not traceable. We cannot assure you that regulatory proceedings or actions will not be initiated against us in the future and we will not be subject to any penalty imposed by the competent regulatory authority in this regard._** 

Certain of our Company’s corporate records are not traceable, such as: 

- a) Form 2 and Form 2 challans for the allotment of (i) 5,000,000 equity shares on August 27, 1996; (ii) 46,000,000 equity shares on August 27, 1996; (iii) 38,999,992 equity shares on October 18, 1996; (iv) 9,999,998 equity shares on December 12, 1996 and (v) 5,000,000 equity shares on July 21, 1997; and 

- b) notice and explanatory statement for EGM where special resolution was passed, Form 4A, Form 4C and the draft letter of offer in relation to the buyback of 25,000,000 equity shares on September 5, 2000. 

For further details, see “ _Capital Structure – Equity Share Capital History of our Company_ ” beginning on page 72. We cannot assure you that the relevant corporate records will become available in the future or that regulatory proceedings or actions will not be initiated against us in the future and we will not be subject to any penalty imposed by the competent regulatory authority in this respect. 

# **_48. Our Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management have interests in our Company in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Our Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management are interested in our Company to the extent of their respective shareholding in our Company as well as to the extent of the ESOP Scheme, dividends, bonus or other distributions on such Equity Shares. Certain of our Directors are also nominees of some of our shareholders, and we have had related party transactions with such shareholders. Accordingly, these Directors may also said to be interested to the extent of such transactions. See “ _Capital Structure – Shareholding Pattern of our Company_ ” beginning on page 82. For details on the interests of our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits, see “ _Our Management – Interest of Directors_ ” beginning on page 178 and “ _Our Management – Interests of Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management_ ” beginning on page 190. 

# **_49. We have issued Equity Shares during the preceding twelve months at a price which may be below the Offer Price._** 

We have issued Equity Shares in the last 12 months at a price which may be lower than the Offer Price, as set out in the table below: 

|**Date of Allotment**|**No. of Equity**<br>**Shares Allotted**|**Face Value**<br>**per Equity**<br>**Share (₹)**|**Issue /**<br>**Exercise Price**<br>**per Equity**<br>**Share (₹)**|**Nature of**<br>**consideration**|**Reason of allotment**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|August 8, 2023|18,951|10|647|Cash|Allotmentpursuant to the ESOP|



46 

|**Date of Allotment**|**No. of Equity**<br>**Shares Allotted**|**Face Value**<br>**per Equity**<br>**Share (₹)**|**Issue /**<br>**Exercise Price**<br>**per Equity**<br>**Share (₹)**|**Nature of**<br>**consideration**|**Re**|**ason of allotment**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||||||Scheme||
||347|10|310|Cash|Allotment<br>Scheme|pursuant to the ESOP|
||6,040|10|10|Cash|Allotment<br>Scheme|pursuant to the ESOP|
|February 15, 2023|20,910|10|310|Cash|Allotment<br>Scheme|pursuant to the ESOP|
||12,510|10|10|Cash|Allotment<br>Scheme|pursuant to the ESOP|



**_50. The Offer Price, market capitalization to total revenue multiple and price to earnings ratio based on the Offer Price of our Company, may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares on listing._** 

Our revenue from operations and restated profit for Fiscal 2023 was ₹ 7,422.06 million and ₹ 1,070.42 million, respectively, and our price to revenue from operations (Fiscal 2023) multiple is [●] times at the upper end of the Price Band. Our market capitalization to revenue from operations (Fiscal 2023) multiple is [●] times at the upper end of the Price Band. 

The table below provides details of our price to earnings ratio and market capitalization to revenue from operations: 

||**Particulars**|**Price to Earnings**<br>**Ratio**<sup>*****</sup>|**Price to Revenue**<br>**From Operations**<sup>*****</sup>|**Market Capitalization to**<br>**Revenue From**<br>**Operations**<sup>*****</sup>|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Fiscal 2023||[●]|[●]|[●]|



* _To be populated at Prospectus stage_ 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined on the basis of assessment of market demand for the Equity Shares offered through the book-building process prescribed under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, and certain quantitative and qualitative factors as set out in the section titled “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” beginning on page 92 and the Offer Price, multiples and ratios may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares on listing or thereafter. 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. 

Accordingly, any valuation exercise undertaken for the purposes of the Offer by our Company, in consultation with the BRLMs, would not be based on a benchmark with our industry peers. The relevant financial parameters based on which the Price Band would be determined, shall be disclosed in the advertisement that would be issued for publication of the Price Band. 

The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us, volatility in the securities markets in India and other jurisdictions, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

**_51. Certain of our investments may be subject to market risk and we have not made any provisions for a potential decline of the value of such investments._** 

We have made certain investments in mutual funds. The value of these investments depends on several factors beyond our control, including the prevailing Indian and international economic conditions, inflationary expectations and the RBI’s monetary policies and is sensitive to a change in the net asset value of the mutual funds or the performance of the corporate deposits. Any decline in the value of these investments could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

**_52. We have in this Red Herring Prospectus included certain non-GAAP financial and operational measures and certain other industry measures related to our operations and financial performance that may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the IT / ITES industry. We rely on certain assumptions and estimates to calculate such measures, therefore such measures may not be comparable with financial, operational or industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other similar companies._** 

Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other industry measures relating to our operations and financial performance have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. We compute and disclose such non-GAAP financial and operational measures, and such other industry related statistical and operational information relating to our operations and financial 

47 

performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance, and because such measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and others to evaluate the operational performance of e- commerce businesses, many of which provide such non-GAAP financial and operational measures, and other industry related statistical and operational information. 

These non-GAAP financial and operational measures, and such other industry related statistical and operational information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial and operational measures, and industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other companies pursuing similar business. We have derived certain industry information in this Red Herring Prospectus from the CRISIL Report, and the CRISIL Report highlights certain industry and market data relating to us and our competitors, which may not be based on any standard methodology and are subject to various assumptions. 

Further, as the industry in which we operate continues to evolve, the measures by which we evaluate our business may change over time. In addition, if the internal tools we use to track these measures under-count or over-count performance or contain algorithmic or other technical errors, the data and/or reports we generate may not be accurate. We calculate measures using internal tools, which are not independently verified by a third party. Such supplemental financial and operational information is therefore of limited utility as an analytical tool, and investors are cautioned against considering such information either in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our Restated Consolidated Financial Information disclosed elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_53. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

We have declared dividend in the past in accordance with our dividend policy. For further information, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” beginning on page 194. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by our Board of Directors and approved by our Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act. We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. Accordingly, realization of a gain on Shareholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. 

**_54. We will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. The Selling Shareholders will receive the net proceeds from the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer consists of an Offer for Sale. The entire proceeds after deducting relevant Offer expenses from the proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be paid to the Selling Shareholders and our Company will not receive any such proceeds. For further details, see “ _The Offer_ ” and “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on pages 57 and 90, respectively. 

**_55. Our clients may engage in certain transactions in or with countries or persons that are subject to U.S. and other sanctions._** 

U.S. law generally prohibits U.S. persons from directly or indirectly investing or otherwise doing business in or with certain countries that are the subject of comprehensive sanctions and with certain persons or businesses that have been specially designated by the OFAC or other U.S. government agencies. Other governments and international or regional organizations also administer similar economic sanctions. We provide services to our clients, who may be doing business with, or located in, countries to which certain OFAC-administered and other sanctions apply. Although we believe we have compliance systems in place that are sufficient to block prohibited transactions, there can be no assurance that we will be able to fully monitor all of our transactions for any potential violation. Although we do not believe that we are in violation of any applicable sanctions, if it were determined that transactions in which we participate violate U.S. or other sanctions, we could be subject to U.S. or other penalties, and our reputation and future business prospects in the United States or with U.S. persons, or in other jurisdictions, could be adversely affected. We rely on our staff to be up-to-date and aware of the latest sanctions in place. Further, investors in the Equity Shares could incur reputational or other risks as the result of our clients’ dealings in or with countries or with persons that are the subject of U.S. and other sanctions. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **RISKS RELATING TO INDIA** 

**_56. The Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

48 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located elsewhere, including India. Adverse economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficit, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our products may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. Economic growth in the countries in which we operate is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. 

**_57. The successful operation of our business depends upon the performance, reliability and security of the internet infrastructure in India, which could impair our ability to effectively operate our platform or provide our services and adversely impact our business._** 

All of our products and services are made through our platform using the internet. Accordingly, our business depends on the performance, reliability and security of the telecommunications and internet infrastructure in India. In addition, to perform reliably, the fixed telecommunications networks and internet infrastructure of internet service providers in India, require maintenance and periodic upgrading of the appropriate networks and infrastructure which are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that our back-up and disaster recovery measures and business continuity planning would effectively eliminate or alleviate the risks arising from such contingencies. There can be no assurance that a more technologically sophisticated and reliable fixed telecommunications network or internet infrastructure will be developed in India that will ensure our ability to deliver smooth and reliable provision of our services to our merchants and clients on our platform. Our success will depend upon third parties maintaining and improving internet infrastructure to provide a reliable network with adequate speed and data capacity and telecommunication networks with good quality of services and lower congestion. 

**_58. If there is any change in laws or regulations, including taxation laws, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and is subject to change. The Government of India may implement new laws or other regulations and policies that could affect the digital payment and financial service industry in general, which could lead to new compliance requirements, including requiring us to obtain approvals and licenses from the Government and other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements. New compliance requirements could increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Further, the manner in which new requirements will be enforced or interpreted can lead to uncertainty in our operations and could adversely affect our operations. Any changes to such laws, including the instances mentioned below, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Ordinance, 2019 prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this Act, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favor of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which would ultimately reduce the effective tax rate for Indian companies from 34.94% to approximately 25.17%. Further, the Finance Act, 2023 has proposed to consider perquisites or benefits arising from business whether convertible into money or not or payable in cash or kind, as taxable income. Any such future amendments may affect our other benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax free bonds, and longterm capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

Further, the Supreme Court of India has in a decision clarified the components of basic wages which need to be considered by companies while making provident fund payments, which resulted in an increase in the provident fund payments to be made by companies. Any such decisions in future or any further changes in interpretation of laws may have an impact on our results of operations. 

49 

We have not fully determined the impact of these recent and proposed laws and regulations on our business. We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

# **_59. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or outbreak of global pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war in India or globally may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_60. A slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer._** 

Our performance and the growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. Any slowdown in the Indian economy or future volatility in global commodity prices could adversely affect our business. Additionally, an increase in trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could also adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

India’s economy could be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates, adverse weather conditions affecting agriculture, commodity and energy prices as well as various other factors. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect the policy of the GoI towards our industry, which may in turn adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to implement our business strategy. The Indian economy is also influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market conditions in Asia. A decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves may also affect liquidity and interest rates in the Indian economy, which could adversely impact our financial condition. A loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies or any worldwide financial instability may adversely affect the Indian economy, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

India has from time to time experienced instances of social, religious and civil unrest and hostilities between neighbouring countries. Military activity or terrorist attacks in the future could influence the Indian economy by disrupting communications and making travel more difficult and such political tensions could create a greater perception that investments in Indian companies involve higher degrees of risk. Events of this nature in the future, as well as social and civil unrest within other countries in Asia, could influence the Indian economy. A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of diseases such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19 virus. 

Other factors which may adversely affect the Indian economy are scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing of our developments and expansions; volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on India’s principal stock exchanges; changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies, like political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; occurrence of natural or man-made disasters; infectious disease outbreaks or other serious public health concerns; prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; and other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India. 

# **_61. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia, United States, United Kingdom, Russia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has adversely affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, 

50 

economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. 

In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_62. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

Our Restated Consolidated Financial Information has been derived from our audited financial statements as at and for the years ended March 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 and for the three months ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023 each prepared in accordance with Ind AS, and restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on Reports in Company Prospectuses (Revised 2019) issued by the ICAI, as amended. For further information, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Presentation of Financial Information_ ” beginning on page 270. Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from Indian GAAP, IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our financial statements were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our financial statements, and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

# **_63. A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_64. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us, our Directors, the Book Running Lead Managers or any of their directors and executive officers in India respectively, except by way of a law suit in India._** 

We are incorporated under the laws of India and all of our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel reside in India. Substantially all of our assets are also located in India. Where investors wish to enforce foreign judgments in India, they may face difficulties in enforcing such judgments. India exercises reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions. In order to be enforceable, a judgment obtained in a jurisdiction which India recognises as a reciprocating territory must meet certain requirements of the Civil Procedure Code, 1908 (the “ **CPC** ”). 

India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13, 14 and Section 44A of the CPC on a statutory basis. Section 44A of the CPC provides that where a certified copy of a decree of any superior court, within the meaning of that Section, obtained in any country or territory outside India which the government has by notification declared to be in a reciprocating territory, may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgment had been rendered by a district court in India. However, Section 44A of the CPC is applicable only to monetary decrees and does not apply to decrees for amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalties and does not apply to arbitration awards (even if such awards are enforceable as a decree or judgment). 

Among other jurisdictions, the United Kingdom, United Arab Emirates, Singapore and Hong Kong have been declared by the government to be reciprocating territories for the purposes of Section 44A of the CPC. The United States has not been declared by the Government of India to be a reciprocating territory for the purposes of Section 44A of the CPC. A judgment of a court 

51 

of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit upon the judgment under Section 13 of the CPC, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the CPC provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated upon except: (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction; (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case; (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable; (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice; (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud; and/ or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. The suit must be brought in India within three years from the date of judgment in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a civil liability in India. 

It cannot be assured that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it views the amount of damages awarded as excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. A party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval from the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of such foreign judgment. 

# **_65. Our ability to raise foreign capital may be constrained by Indian law._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and fall under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the RBI’s prior approval is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms, or at all. 

In terms of Press Note 3 of 2020, dated April 17, 2020, issued by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (“ **DPIIT** ”) **,** the foreign direct investment policy has been recently amended to state that all investments under the foreign direct investment route by entities of a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country will require prior approval of the GoI. Further, in the event of transfer of ownership of any existing or future foreign direct investment in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial ownership falling within the aforesaid restriction/ purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership will also require approval of the GoI. Further, on April 22, 2020, the Ministry of Finance, GoI has also made similar amendment to the FEMA Rules. While the term “beneficial owner” is defined under the Prevention of Money-Laundering (Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005 and the General Financial Rules, 2017, neither the foreign direct investment policy nor the FEMA Rules provide a definition of the term “beneficial owner”. The interpretation of “beneficial owner” and enforcement of this regulatory change involves certain uncertainties, which may have an adverse effect on our ability to raise foreign capital. Further, there is uncertainty regarding the timeline within which the said approval from the GoI may be obtained, if at all. 

# **_66. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our products at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our clients thereby reducing our margins._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of transportation, wages, raw materials and other expenses relevant to our business. 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or entirely offset any increases in costs with increases in prices for our products. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, the Government has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **RISKS RELATING TO THE OFFER AND THE EQUITY SHARES** 

**_67. Our Company is a professionally managed company and does not have an identifiable promoter in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Companies Act._** 

Our Company is a professionally managed company and does not have an identifiable promoter in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Companies Act. Accordingly, in terms of Regulation 14(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, there is no requirement of minimum promoter’s contribution in this Offer and accordingly, none of the Equity Shares will be locked in for a period of 18 months pursuant to the Offer. In terms of Regulations 17 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the entire pre-Offer equity share capital will be locked-in for a period of six months from the date of Allotment, other than (a) Equity Shares which 

52 

are successfully transferred as part of the Offer for Sale; and (b) any Equity Shares allotted to employees, whether currently an employee or not, pursuant to the ESOP Scheme, prior to the Offer. Following the lock-in period of six months, the pre-Offer shareholders, may sell their shareholding in our Company, depending on market conditions and their investment horizon. Further, any perception by investors that such sales might occur could additionally affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

**_68. Pursuant to listing of the Equity Shares, we may be subject to pre-emptive surveillance measures like Additional Surveillance Measure (“ASM”) and Graded Surveillance Measures (“GSM”) by the Stock Exchange in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard the interest of investors._** 

SEBI and the Stock Exchange have introduced various pre-emptive surveillance measures in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard the interests of investors, including ASM and GSM. ASM and GSM are imposed on securities of companies based on various objective criteria such as significant variations in price and volume, concentration of certain client accounts as a percentage of combined trading volume, average delivery, securities which witness abnormal price rise not commensurate with financial health and fundamentals such as earnings, book value, fixed assets, net worth, price / earnings multiple, market capitalization etc. 

Upon listing, the trading of our Equity Shares would be subject to differing market conditions as well as other factors which may result in high volatility in price, low trading volumes, and a large concentration of client accounts as a percentage of combined trading volume of our Equity Shares. The occurrence of any of the abovementioned factors or other circumstances may trigger any of the parameters prescribed by SEBI and the Stock Exchange for placing our securities under the GSM and/or ASM framework or any other surveillance measures, which could result in significant restrictions on trading of our Equity Shares being imposed by SEBI and the Stock Exchange. These restrictions may include requiring higher margin requirements, requirement of <mark>settlement on a trade for trade basis without netting off,</mark> limiting trading frequency, reduction of applicable price band, requirement of settlement on gross basis or freezing of price on upper side of trading, as well as mentioning of our Equity Shares on the surveillance dashboards of the Stock Exchanges. The imposition of these restrictions and curbs on trading may have an adverse effect on market price, trading and liquidity of our Equity Shares and on the reputation and conditions of our Company. 

# **_69. Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and wide-spread as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

**_70. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares. The Income Tax Act levies taxes on long-term capital gains exceeding ₹100,000 arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while there is no tax charged on unrealized capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on equity shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. The Income Tax Act levies taxes on such long-term capital gains exceeding ₹100,000 arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while continuing to exempt the unrealized capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on such equity shares subject to specific conditions. 

A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied both at the time of transfer and acquistion of the equity shares (unless exempted under a prescribed notification), and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realised on the sale of equity shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold using any other platform other than on a recognised stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, are subject to long term capital gains tax in India. Such long term capital gains exceeding ₹ 100,000 arising from the sale of listed equity shares on the stock exchange are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess). Unrealized capital gains earned on listed equity shares up to January 31, 2018 continue to be tax exempt in such cases. Further, STT will be levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange if the equity shares are sold on a stock exchange. With respect to capital gains arising in an off market sale, long term capital gains are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) without the exemption of ₹ 100,000. Short-term capital gains, arising from the sale of such equity shares on a stock exchange would be subject to tax at the rate of 15% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), while short term capital gains arising in an off-market sale would be subject to tax at a higher rate of 40% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of foreign companies and 30% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of other non-resident taxpayers. 

Further, the Government of India has announced the union budget for the Fiscal 2024, pursuant to which the Finance Act, 2023 (“ **Finance Act** ”) has introduced various amendments. We have not fully determined the impact of these recent laws and regulations on our business. We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors and to carefully consider the potential tax consequences of owning Equity Shares. Unfavourable changes in or 

53 

interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. 

The Finance Act has also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. 

Our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_71. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchange. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time taken for such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares outside India, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

# **_72. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to compliance with sectoral norms and certain other restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Further, unless specifically restricted, foreign investment is freely permitted in all sectors of the Indian economy up to any extent and without any prior approvals, but the foreign investor is required to follow certain prescribed procedures for making such investment. The RBI and the concerned ministries/departments are responsible for granting approval for foreign investment. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. 

In addition, pursuant to the Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, which has been incorporated as the proviso to Rule 6(a) of the FEMA Rules, investments where the beneficial owner of the Equity Shares is situated in or is a citizen of a country which shares land border with India, can only be made through the Government approval route, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy dated October 15, 2020 and the FEMA Rules. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained with or without any particular terms or conditions or at all. 

We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” beginning on page 347. 

# **_73. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked securities by us may dilute your shareholding._** 

Any future issuance of the Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us, including through exercise of employee stock options may dilute your shareholding in our Company, adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issue of our securities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will not issue additional Equity Shares. 

**_74. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

54 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares preemptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction the investors are located in do not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emption rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in us would be reduced. 

**_75. A third party could be prevented from acquiring control of our Company because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

There are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company, even if a change in control would result in the purchase of your Equity Shares at a premium to the market price or would otherwise be beneficial to you. Such provisions may discourage or prevent certain types of transactions involving actual or threatened change in control of our Company. Under the SEBI Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to its stakeholders, it is possible that such a takeover would not be attempted or consummated because of the SEBI Takeover Regulations. 

**_76. QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid amount) at any stage after submitting a bid, and Retail Individual Bidders are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after Bid/Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are required to block the Bid amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of equity shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Similarly, Retail Individual Bidders can revise or withdraw their Bids at any time during the Bid/Offer Period and until the Bid/ Offer Closing date, but not thereafter. While we are required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchange where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the investors’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the investors’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. Therefore, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders will not be able to withdraw or lower their bids following adverse developments in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or otherwise between the dates of submission of their Bids and Allotment. 

**_77. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and may experience price and volume fluctuations following the completion of the Offer, an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for our Equity Shares will develop or, if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book building process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described in the section “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” beginning on page 92. This price may not necessarily be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Offer is completed. You may not be able to re-sell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer price and may as a result lose all or part of your investment. 

Our Equity Shares are expected to trade on BSE after the Offer, but there can be no assurance that active trading in our Equity Shares will develop after the Offer, or if such trading develops that it will continue. Investors may not be able to sell our Equity Shares at the quoted price if there is no active trading in our Equity Shares. 

There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and the trading price of our Equity Shares after this Offer could fluctuate significantly as a result of market volatility or due to various internal or external risks, including but not limited to those described in this Red Herring Prospectus. The market price of our Equity Shares may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

55 

- the failure of security analysts to cover the Equity Shares after this Offer, or changes in the estimates of our performance by analysts; 

- the activities of competitors and suppliers; 

- future sales of the Equity Shares by us or our shareholders; 

- investor perception of us and the industry in which we operate; 

- our quarterly or annual earnings or those of our competitors; 

- developments affecting fiscal, industrial or environmental regulations; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases and adverse media reports; and 

- general economic conditions. 

A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

# **_78. Compliance with provisions of Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act may affect payments on the Equity Shares._** 

The U.S. “Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” (or “ **FATCA** ”) imposes a new reporting regime and potentially, imposes a 30% withholding tax on certain “foreign passthru payments” made by certain non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries). 

If payments on the Equity Shares are made by such non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries), this withholding may be imposed on such payments if made to any non-U.S. financial institution (including an intermediary) that is not otherwise exempt from FATCA or other holders who do not provide sufficient identifying information to the payer, to the extent such payments are considered “foreign passthru payments”. Under current guidance, the term “foreign passthru payment” is not defined and it is therefore not clear whether and to what extent payments on the Equity Shares would be considered “foreign passthru payments”. The United States has entered into intergovernmental agreements with many jurisdictions (including India) that modify the FATCA withholding regime described above. It is not yet clear how the intergovernmental agreements between the United States and these jurisdictions will address “foreign passthru payments” and whether such agreements will require us or other financial institutions to withhold or report on payments on the Equity Shares to the extent they are treated as “foreign passthru payments”. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the consequences of FATCA, or any intergovernmental agreement or non-U.S. legislation implementing FATCA, to their investment in Equity Shares. 

**_79. U.S. holders should consider the impact of the passive foreign investment company rules in connection with an investment in our Equity Shares._** 

A foreign corporation will be treated as a passive foreign investment company (“ **PFIC** ”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year in which either: (i) at least 75% of its gross income is “passive income” or (ii) at least 50% of its gross assets during the taxable year (based on of the quarterly values of the assets during a taxable year) are “passive assets,” which generally means that they produce passive income or are held for the production of passive income. 

There can be no assurance that our Company will or will not be considered a PFIC in the current or future years. The determination of whether or not our Company is a PFIC is a factual determination that is made annually after the end of each taxable year, and there can be no assurance that our Company will not be considered a PFIC in the current taxable year or any future taxable year because, among other reasons, (i) the composition of our Company’s income and assets will vary over time, and (ii) the manner of the application of relevant rules is uncertain in several respects. Further, our Company’s PFIC status may depend on the market price of its Equity Shares, which may fluctuate considerably. 

56 

