# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Potential investors should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry in which we operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not currently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may also adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any or some combination of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or believed to be adverse, actually occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition could suffer, the trading price of, and the value of your investment in, our Equity Shares could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Financial Information” beginning on pages 143, 93, 265 and 197, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and our business and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved._ 

_Potential investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are unable to quantify the financial or other impact of any of the risks described in this section. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information for Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021 and the nine months ended December 31, 2021 included herein is derived from the Restated Consolidated Financial Information, included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Financial Information” beginning on page 197._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. See “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 17._ 

_Our Company’s Fiscal commences on April 1 and ends on March 31 of the immediately subsequent year, and references to a particular Fiscal are to the 12 months ended March 31 of that particular year. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “the Company” or “our Company” are to Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited on a standalone basis, and references to “the Group”, “we”, “us”, “our”, are to Prudent Corporate Advisory Services Limited and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section have been derived from the report “Assessment of financial products distribution industry in India” (the “_ **_CRISIL Report_** _”) exclusively prepared and released by CRISIL Research, a division of CRISIL Limited, dated December 2021 and commissioned by and paid for by our Company specifically in connection with the Offer. The copy of the CRISIL Report is available for online access at https://prudentcorporate.com/investorrelation. Also see, “Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Industry and Market Data” beginning on page 15._ 

## **<u>Internal Risk Factors</u>** 

**1.** **_We operate in a highly regulated environment, which is subject to change, and existing and new laws, regulations and government policies affecting the sectors in which we operate could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We believe that significant regulatory changes in our industry are likely to continue, which is likely to subject industry participants to additional and generally more stringent regulations. The requirements imposed by our regulators are designed to ensure the integrity of the financial markets and to protect investors and other third parties who deal with us, and may not always coincide with the interests of our shareholders. Consequently, these regulations may serve to limit our activities and/or increase our costs, 

27 

including through investor protection, compliance management and market conduct requirements. We may also be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules by various governmental authorities and self-regulatory organisations. 

Our business activities are subject to extensive supervision and regulation by the Government and various regulatory authorities, such as SEBI, IRDAI, PFRDA, AMFI, RERA, Depositories and the Stock Exchanges. We are subject to a variety of financial services regulation, including, the SEBI Act, SEBI Intermediaries Regulations, SEBI Investment Advisers Regulations, directions issued by AMFI, PFRDA (POP) Regulations, IRDAI (Insurance Broker) Regulations, 2018, the RERA Act, SEBI Stock Brokers Regulations, , SEBI Mutual Fund Regulations, AMFI Guidelines, SEBI Code of Conduct for Intermediaries of Mutual Funds, SEBI Research Analysts Regulations, SEBI Certification of Associated Persons Regulations, SEBI Depositories and Participant Rules, SEBI Intermediaries Circular on Conflicts and various applicable laws issued by Stock Exchanges. The laws and regulations governing advisory and distribution services relating to financial products have become increasingly complex and cover a wide variety of issues, including registration, disclosures and conflicts. Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations applicable to us and our business. For example, by way of a circular dated September 23, 2020 (bearing reference no. SEBI/HO/IMD/DF1/CIR/P/2020/182), SEBI issued the Guidelines for Investment Advisors, wherein detailed guidelines have been provided in respect of, amongst others, (a) client level segregation of advisory and distribution activities, including compliance and monitoring processes to be adopted, (b) terms of mandatory agreement to be entered into between an investment advisor and a client, (c) fees that may be charged by an investment advisor, and (d) maintenance of records. While the impact of such segregation on our operations has been minimal on account of our current activities, there is no guarantee that we will be able to diversify to include substantial investment advisory services as part of our portfolio. 

There can be no assurance that the Government of India will not implement new regulations and policies which may require us to obtain approvals and licenses from the Government of India and other regulatory bodies or impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations. For example, from April 1, 2019, SEBI has implemented the proposal of lowering the cost for mutual fund investors by revision of AUM slab-wise limits of total expense ratio of mutual fund schemes. Any future changes and related uncertainties with respect to the applicability, interpretation and implementation of any amendment to, or changes to governing laws, regulation or policy in the jurisdictions in which we operate may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may have to incur expenditures to comply with the requirements of any new regulations, which may also adversely affect our results of operations. Any unfavourable changes to the laws and regulations applicable to us could also subject us to additional liabilities. 

For further details, please see “ _Key Regulations and Policies of India_ ” on page 161. 

**2.** **_Non-compliance with regulatory guidelines and directions/ observations during inspection by regulatory organisations may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation._** 

We are subject to regular scrutiny supervision and periodic inspections by various regulators, statutory bodies and regulatory organisations such as SEBI, PFRDA, IRDAI, RERA, Stock Exchanges, Depositories and AMFI. The requirements imposed by these regulators are designed to ensure the integrity of the financial markets and to protect investors’ interests. Any non-compliance with regulatory guidelines and directions may result in regulatory actions which includes issuance of administrative/warnings/deficiency letters, fines or sanctions imposed by these regulators and in some circumstances could lead to revocation of our licenses. Any negative findings against us during such inspections may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We also face the risk of regulatory penalties in our business from regulators or the Stock Exchanges for failures of routine operational processes. 

Our Subsidiary, PBSPL has in the past been penalized an amount of ₹ 1 million by SEBI by way of an order November 27, 2020, under Section 23D of the SCRA, Sections 15A(c) and 15 HB of the SEBI Act read with Section 19G of the Depositories Act for violation of SEBI circulars and regulations in relation to pledging of securities in excess of client obligations, mis-utilization of client funds and irregularities in client registration process. 

28 

**<u>(</u>** **_<u>in ₹</u>_** **<u>)</u>** 

|**Segment**|**2018-19**|**2019-20**|**2020-21**|
|---|---|---|---|
|SEBI|-|-|1,000,000<br>(01.04.2017 to 30.09.2018)|
|NSE|194,300|-|75,000|
||(01.08.2016 to 31.07.2017)||(01.09.2018 to 31.10.2019)|
|MCX|108,025<br>(01.04.2016 to 31.03.2017)|-|-|
|NCDEX|100,140<br>(01.04.2014 to 28.09.2016)|-|-|



Further, PBSPL, has, in the past, received warning letters dated December 14, 2012, January 11, 2019 and August 12, 2020 advising it to improve compliance standard and address recurrence of deficiencies in processes including failure to settle credit balances of clients, mismatch in stock reconciliation, irregularities in respect of use of client funds, instances of pledging of client securities and lapses in implementation of KYC formats as directed by SEBI. PBSPL has also, pursuant to a joint inspection conducted by SEBI, NSE and BSE, been imposed a penalty of ₹ 50,000 for granting further exposure to clients beyond T+2+5 days in accordance with exchange notice number 20180214-21 dated February 14, 2018 

Our erstwhile subsidiary, Prudent Fintrade Private Limited has in the past had its registration as a nonbanking finance company cancelled, on account of being unable to meet the net owned funds requirements prescribed by RBI. 

While we attempt to comply with all regulatory provisions applicable to us, in the event we are not able to comply with the observations made by these regulators, we could be subject to supervisory actions, which may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 

**3.** **_There is an outstanding criminal case in which the Economic Offences Wing has issued notices to Prudent Comder Private Limited (since merged with our Subsidiary, Prudent Broking Services Private Limited (“PBSPL”)), our Promoter and a director of our Subsidiary and there is an outstanding SEBI matter against PBSPL, which if determined in an adverse manner, may result in a loss of license of PBSPL and consequently may adversely impact our future operations, reputation and profitability._** 

As a broker for National Spot Exchange Limited (“ **NSEL** ”), Prudent Comder Private Limited ( **“Prudent Comder** ”), which was a wholly owned subsidiary of PBSPL before being subsequently merged into PBSPL has received notices in relation to complaint filed against NSEL, its directors and others. The Economic Offences Wing (“ **EOW** ”) had issued a notice dated January 16, 2019, directing Prudent Comder to furnish certain documents in connection with the investigation relating to this matter, which was furnished by PBSPL by way of its response dated February 4, 2019. The EOW, on May 6, 2021, issued another notice to Munjal Mehta, who is currently one of the directors of PBSPL, for his personal attendance for further investigation along with furnishing of certain documents as specified in the aforementioned notice. He submitted the required information and documents vide his reply dated May 24, 2021 and recorded his statement before the EOW authorities. 

Subsequently, the EOW also issued a notice dated June 30, 2021 to Sanjay Shah, our Promoter and Managing Director, requiring his personal attendance along with furnishing of specific information for further investigation. Sanjay Shah submitted the required information and the documents vide his reply dated July 14, 2021 and recorded his statement before the EOW authorities on July 15, 2021. 

Further, SEBI had issued show cause notice dated September 25, 2018 under Regulation 25(1) of the SEBI (Intermediaries) Regulations, 2008, as amended (“ **SEBI Intermediaries Regulations** ”) to Prudent Comder alleging that Prudent Comder, which was a member of NSEL had facilitated or participated in trading on the NSEL platform in ‘paired contracts’ in contravention of provisions of the erstwhile Forward Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1952 and Government notification dated June 05,2007. SEBI further observed in the SCN that Prudent Comder violated the SEBI (Stock Broker and Sub Broker) Regulations, 1992 and therefore, was no longer a “fit and proper person” for holding the certificate of registration as an intermediary in the 

29 

securities market. The SCN called upon Prudent Comder to show cause as to why appropriate recommendations should not be made against it under the SEBI Intermediaries Regulations. 

PBSPL, pursuant to its letter dated October 15, 2018 and November 19, 2019, responded to the SCNs denying the allegations. Thereafter, SEBI issued a show cause notice under Regulation 28(1) of the SEBI Intermediaries Regulations dated January 28, 2020 to Prudent Comder based on an enquiry report dated December 31, 2019 of the Designated Authority (hereinafter referred to as “ **January SCN** ” and the enquiry report as “ **Enquiry Report** ”) in terms of the SEBI Intermediaries Regulations. In terms of this Enquiry Report, the Designated Authority observed that PBSPL had facilitated trading in paired contracts by providing the infrastructure and services to its clients and had allegedly failed to conduct adequate due diligence on the products which it offered for trading to its clients. Therefore, it was held that PBSPL had not maintained the requisite standards of the code of conduct, required by it to exercise due skill, care and diligence and as a result of which the Designated Authority recommended that the certificate of registration of PBSPL as a commodity derivatives broker be cancelled in terms of Regulation 27 of the SEBI Intermediaries Regulations. 

Relying on the Enquiry Report, SEBI called upon PBSPL to show cause as to why action under Regulation 28(2) of the SEBI Intermediaries Regulations should not be taken against it. PBSPL, pursuant to its response dated March 30, 2021. PBSPL once again denied the allegations made in the January SCN and submitted, among other things, that the allegations made in the January SCN are misconceived and based on incomplete and incorrect assumption of facts, and that it has already responded to each of the observations in the Enquiry Report in its earlier responses. PBSPL further submitted that discovery of the intention, objective or purpose of the client which are alleged to be in the nature of financial transactions cannot form a part of the due diligence responsibility of a broker, and sought that all allegations against PBSPL be dropped and that PBSPL be granted a personal hearing before the concerned authority. The matter is currently pending. 

In the event that the matter is decided adversely, PBSPL may lose its ability to offer services as a commodities broker and this may adversely impact our reputation and future operations and profitability. There can be no assurance that these matters will be decided favourably or that we will not be subject to adverse orders, penalties or cancellation of the commodities broking registration of PBSPL. For further details of these matters, refer to “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments – Litigation involving our Subsidiaries – Litigation against our Subsidiaries – Litigation against PBSPL_ ” on page 297. 

**4.** **_Recommendations, suggestions and advice provided by Mutual Fund Distributors (“MFDs”) using our platform to their clients may be subject to errors or fraudulent behaviour and are beyond our control and any resultant adverse impact to their clients could have an adverse impact on our reputation, business and results of operations._** 

We provide a platform to MFDs to facilitate their operations and interactions with clients. Further, we also offer various data analysis tools and reports to MFDs as part of our platform offering, based on certain identified parameters or are sourced from third parties. There can be no guarantee that the underlying data for any such data or report will be accurate, as a result of which the accuracy of the report or analysis may be faulty. Further, the recommendations, suggestions and advice provided by these MFDs to their clients are beyond our control. Any adverse impact such as loss of amounts invested etc. could affect our reputation leading to a loss of client confidence, negative publicity, deterioration of brand image, or loss of goodwill, and which may in turn affect our business operations. 

Further, any illegal or fraudulent activity on the part of the MFDs may implicate us and may cause reputational damage. For example, a client complained about an unauthorized switch by a MFD which was received from HDFC AMC on July 17, 2019. The matter needed to be resolved. Such instances may adversely impact our business and results of operations. 

**5.** **_If we do not continue to innovate and further develop our platform or our platform developments do not perform, or we are not able to keep pace with technological developments, we may not remain competitive and our business and results of operations could suffer._** 

Our operations are dependent on the effectiveness of our technological platform and the ability to record and process accurately a large number of transactions on a daily basis and in a timely manner to provide a seamless digital experience to our clients. 

The financial services industry is characterized by rapid technological evolution, changes in customer 

30 

requirements and preferences, frequent introduction of new services and products embodying new technologies, and the emergence of new industry standards and practices. To remain competitive, we must continue to stay abreast of the constantly evolving industry trends and to enhance and improve the responsiveness, functionality and features of our platform. In order to attract and retain MFDs, we must continue to invest significant resources in research and development to enhance our information technology and improve and refresh our existing services Our inability to keep up with such changes could render our existing technologies and systems obsolete. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to identify, develop, acquire or license leading technologies useful in our business, and respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices in a cost-effective and timely way. The development of mobile applications, websites and other proprietary technology entails significant technical and business risks. There can be no assurance that we will be able to use new technologies effectively or adapt our mobile applications, websites, proprietary technologies and systems to meet customer requirements or emerging industry standards. If we are unable to adapt in a cost-effective and timely manner in response to changing market conditions or customer preferences, whether for technical, legal, financial or other reasons, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 

Developing and launching enhancements to our platform and new services on our platform may also involve significant technical risks and upfront capital investments that may not generate returns on investment, in a timely manner or at all. We may use new technologies ineffectively, or we may fail to adapt to emerging industry standards. If we face material delays in introducing new or enhanced platform features and services or if our recently introduced offerings do not perform in accordance with our expectations, MFDs and the end customers that utilize our platform may forego the use of our services in favour of those of our competitors. 

**6.** **_Our business operations are highly dependent on information technology. Failure or disruption of our Information Technology (“IT”) systems may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

We have implemented various IT solutions to cover key areas of our operations and accounting, and our business operations are highly dependent on the same. 

These systems are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources, which could result in a material adverse effect on our operations. An IT malfunction could disrupt our business or lead to disclosure of sensitive company information. Our ability to maintain our business operations depends on the proper and efficient operation and functioning of various IT systems, which are susceptible to malfunctions and interruptions (including those due to equipment damage, power outages, computer viruses and a range of other hardware, software and network problems). 

Our platforms use technology to interact with clients via online/mobile based services delivered by our relationship managers and MFDs. A significant or large-scale malfunction or interruption of one or more of our IT systems could adversely affect our ability to keep our operations running efficiently. In addition, it is possible that a malfunction of our data system security measures could enable unauthorised persons to access sensitive business data, including information relating to our intellectual property or business strategy or those of our clients. Such malfunction or disruptions could cause economic losses for which we could be held liable. A failure of our information technology systems could also cause damage to our reputation which could harm our business. Any of these developments, alone or in combination, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, unavailability of, or failure to retain, well trained employees capable of constantly servicing our IT systems may lead to inefficiency or disruption of IT system thereby adversely affecting our ability to operate efficiently. 

Additionally, we rely on certain third party software for provision of our services, which may not continue to be available to us at commercially acceptable terms or at all. Any requirement to replace such software may cause us to incur substantial expenditure of money and management time and may not result in similar or appropriate service delivery to MFDs or the end customers. 

Any failure or disruption in the operation of these systems or the loss of data due to such failure or disruption (including due to human error or sabotage) may affect our ability to plan, track, record and analyse work in progress and sales, process financial information, meet business objectives based on IT initiatives, or otherwise conduct our normal business operations, which may increase our costs and otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

31 

**7.** **_Systems failures and resulting interruptions in the availability of our platform could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

The proper functioning of our technology infrastructure is essential to the conduct of our business. Specifically, the satisfactory performance, reliability and availability of our platform, our transactionprocessing systems and our network infrastructure are critical to our success and our ability to attract and retain MFDs or the end customers and provide adequate services. 

It is critical to our success that all participants on our platform are able to access our platform, at all times. The size and complexity of our computer systems may make them potentially vulnerable to breakdowns. Our systems, or those of third parties such as NSE, upon which we rely, may experience service interruptions or degradation or other performance problems because of hardware and software defects or malfunctions, unexpected high volume of transactions, distributed denial-of-service and other cyberattacks, infrastructure changes, human error, earthquakes, pandemics, hurricanes, floods, fires, natural disasters, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, unauthorized access, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks, legal or regulatory takedowns, computer viruses, ransomware, malware, or other events. Our systems also may be subject to break-ins, sabotage, theft and intentional acts of vandalism, including by our own employees and it could materially interrupt our business operations or cause disclosure or modification of sensitive or confidential information. Some of our systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. We take back-up of data in local server, an external hard disk kept at separate physical location and cloud server. Currently, our main server is located at Sears Towers in Ahmedabad, whereas back server is located at our nearby registered office, which may expose us to complete loss of business or availability of platform in the case of failure of our primary site especially in natural disasters like earthquakes etc. We do not currently maintain business interruption insurance which may expose us to significant losses that may result from interruptions in our service as a result of systems failures and similar events. 

We may also face cyber threats such as (i) phishing and trojan attacks - targeting our customers, wherein fraudsters send unsolicited mails to our customers seeking account sensitive information or to infect customer machines to search and attempt ex-filtration of account sensitive information; (ii) hacking – wherein attackers seek to hack into our website with the primary intention of causing reputational damage to us by disrupting services; (iii) data theft – wherein cyber criminals may attempt to intrude into our network with the intention of stealing our data or information; and (iv) advanced persistent threat – a network attack in which an unauthorized person gains access to our network and remains undetected for a long period of time with an intention to steal our data or information rather than to cause damage to our network or organization. 

We have experienced and will likely continue to experience system failures and other events or conditions from time to time that interrupt the availability or reduce or affect the speed or functionality of our platform. These system failures generally occur either as a result of software updates being deployed with unexpected errors or as a result of temporary infrastructure failures related to storage, network, connectivity issues or computing capacity being exhausted. Further, in some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within an acceptable period of time. Even a minor interruption or reduction in the availability, speed, or other functionality of our platform could adversely affect our business and reputation and could result in the loss of MFDs or the end customers. 

The software underlying our platform is highly complex and may contain undetected errors or vulnerabilities, some of which may only be discovered at a subsequent stage or may not get discovered at all. Our practice is to release frequent software updates. Any third-party software that we integrate into our platform, may also be subject to errors or vulnerabilities. Any errors, vulnerabilities or infringements discovered in our code or from third-party software after release could result in negative publicity, a loss of MFDs or the end customers or loss of revenue, legal proceedings, and access or other performance issues. Such vulnerabilities could also be exploited by malicious actors and result in exposure of data of the participants on our platform, or otherwise result in a security breach or other security incident. We may need to expend significant financial and development resources to analyze, correct, eliminate, or work around errors or defects or to address and eliminate vulnerabilities. Any failure to timely and effectively resolve any such errors, defects, or vulnerabilities could adversely affect our business, reputation, brand, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

32 

Further, our financial, accounting, or other data processing systems may fail to operate adequately, or at all, because of events that are beyond our control, including a disruption of electrical or communications services in the markets in which we operate. Our ability to operate and remain competitive will depend in part on our ability to maintain and upgrade our information technology systems on a timely and costeffective basis. 

**8.** **_Our inability to grow at our historical rates could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business, measured in terms of AUM, which was ₹ 484,114,74 million as at December 31, 2021, has grown at a CAGR of 32.83 % since March 31, 2018. During the period between April 1, 2016 and December 31, 2021, the number of MFDs on our platform increased by 18,915 and stood at 23,262 as at December 31, 2021. Further, SIPs on our platform have grown from 0.79 million as at April 1, 2018 to 1.53 million as at December 31, 2021. We cannot assure you that we will be able to replicate or sustain the growth we have witnessed in the last few years. 

The products distributed and sold by us may have benefitted recently from positive market conditions and the economic scenario of India. However, these conditions may not sustain, and we may not be able to grow in the same manner as we historically have. Any such change in market or economic conditions or inability to grow in the same manner as we have previously, could have an adverse impact on the investment performance for our clients which may impact our ability to retain clients or attract new clients. 

Our growth strategy includes, amongst other things, expanding our team of MFDs or partner network, branches, relationship managers, business acquisitions, using technology to create scalability and brand building and marketing. Implementation of such growth strategies will place significant demand on our management, financial and other resources, and will require us to continually develop and improve our operational, financial and internal controls. Any inability on our part to scale up or develop our internal systems may hinder the growth of our business. 

**9.** **_Any reduction in our commission or brokerage of other financial products could have adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects._** 

Our revenue from insurance business is derived from commissions earned through distribution of insurance products. The rates of commission are governed by IRDAI (Payment of Commission or Remuneration or Rewards to Insurance Agents and Insurance Intermediaries) Regulations, 2016. Any adverse change in rates of commission could result in reduced revenue from distribution of insurance products and, in turn, adversely impact our revenues and results of operations. 

We derive the revenues in our stock broking operations from brokerage charged to the clients for the execution of their trades. There is constant pressure on brokerage rates in the industry due to competition, especially as we have no exclusivity arrangements with our clients, the products being standardised and offered online. If we face increased competition on our brokerage rates, we may need to lower our brokerage to attract clients. Further, there is no assurance that we will be able to attract such clients despite reducing our brokerage rates, which could adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. 

Additionally, any reduction in the commission or margin earned by us through the distribution or sale of other financial products like AIF, PMS, bonds, unlisted equities or fixed deposits could result in reduced revenue from distribution and sale of financial products and, thus, could adversely impact our revenues and results of operations. 

**10.** **_We have commissioned and paid for an industry report from CRISIL Limited specifically for the purpose of the Offer, which has been used for industry related data in this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

Certain information in the sections entitled “ _Summary of the business of our Company_ ”, “ _Summary of the industry in which our Company operates_ ”, “ _Our Business_ ” “ _Industry Overview_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on pages 19, 19, 143, 93 and 265 includes information that is derived from the CRISIL Report. We commissioned this report for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Offer. CRISIL has advised that while it has taken due care and caution in preparing the report based on information obtained from sources which it considers reliable, is not responsible for the results obtained from the use of CRISIL Report or the data therein. The CRISIL Report highlights certain industry and market data relating to our Company and our competitors. Such data is subject to many assumptions. There are no standard data gathering 

33 

methodologies in the industry in which we conduct our business, and methodologies and assumptions may vary widely among different industry sources. Further, such assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that CRISIL’s assumptions are correct or will not change and accordingly our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the CRISIL Report is not a recommendation to invest or disinvest in our Company or any company covered in the CRISIL Report. CRISIL has stated that it is not responsible for any loss or damage arising from the use of the CRISIL Report. Prospective investors are advised not to unduly rely on the CRISIL Report when making their investment decision. 

While we believe data from official and industry publications and other sources referred to in this Red Herring to be true, we cannot assure you that they are complete or reliable. Such data may also be produced on different bases from those used in the industry publications we have referenced. Therefore, discussions of matters relating to India, its economy and the industries in which we currently operate are subject to the caveat that the third-party and statistical data upon which such discussions are based may be incomplete or unreliable. For further details, please see the section entitled “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 93. 

**11.** **_We depend on our ability to attract and retain registered Mutual Fund Distributors (“MFDs”) on our platforms and any inability to retain them may adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

As an independent retail focussed wealth management services group (excluding banks) in India,the industry in which we operate is people-centric. The success of our business is dependent substantially on our ability to attract and retain MFDs on our platforms. Our ability to retain MFDs on our platform is based on our ability to provide a user-friendly and diverse platform while providing a high standard of client service. 

While we enter into perpetual non-exclusive agreements with our MFDs, each such agreement can be terminated by the MFDs, including without cause and at no additional cost. As we do not engage directly with any of the end customers of the MFDs, our business is exclusively dependent on our good relationship with the MFDs . 

There can be no assurance that our products and services will continue to find favour with MFDs and that they will not migrate their customers to any competing platform or engage in direct selling arrangements with AMCs and other customers. 

Our inability to attract and retain MFDs may have an adverse impact on our business and future financial performance. If such MFDs were to terminate their relationship with us, seek to migrate their existing client base from our platforms to those of our competitors or to a new platform, which could adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. 

**12.** **_Competition from existing and new market participants in our line of business may affect our market share, or results of operations._** 

The financial services industry is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive. We expect competition to continue to intensify in the future. It is possible that there may in the future be consolidation in the market, amongst the smaller market participants, between such smaller participants and the larger participants, or between the larger participants. Any such consolidation may create stronger competitors in the market overall, and/or leave us at a competitive disadvantage. 

We face competition from various companies in the financial services industry, including other mutual fund distributors and wealth management companies, who cater to the need of MFDs. We also face competition from the wealth management arms of several market participants, including established Indian and foreign banks, private banks and dedicated wealth management companies. We also compete with a large number of MFDs as a consequence of the fragmented wealth management market in India. Large and integrated banks also compete with us, who have a wide geographical reach which offer a variety of financial services and enables them to leverage their existing platforms and services to cross-sell their wealth management services. 

MFDs associated with us also face competition from several market participants, including more established players, who may have greater access to resources or technology. As a consequence, they may not be able to retain end customers or generate new business or may choose to migrate their new business to more established players, who are able to offer greater benefits. 

34 

Further, with the rise in the use of technology, we and MFDs associated with us may face competition from new entrants in the industry who may leverage technology to provide products and services similar to us or which our clients prefer over services provided by us. If such newer entrants or existing participants, especially direct distribution platforms are able to leverage their existing competencies to attract greater numbers of end customers, MFDs associated with us may lose end customers to such competitors. This would adversely impact the revenues and AuM available with MFDs associated with our platform, in turn adversely impacting our revenues, growth prospects and results of operations. 

We use technology in almost every aspect of our business, including sales, risk management, fraud detection, client service and settlement. Further, our competitors could utilise more advanced technology, substantially greater financial resources, well-established branch network, big data and innovation to simplify and improve the client experience, increase efficiencies, redesign products, improve client targeting, alter business models or to effect disruptive changes in the Indian financial services industry. If we do not anticipate, innovate, keep pace with, and adapt to, technological and other changes impacting the Indian financial services industry, it could harm our ability to compete in the market, decrease the attractiveness of our products to clients and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. This increased competition may result in our inability to grow or maintain our market share. It may also result in reduced AUM, which may adversely affect our results of operations. Further, increased competition may result either in a decrease in our market share, or force us to reduce our fees or increase marketing expenses so as to preserve our market share either of which would decrease our revenue from operations, profitability and results of operations. 

**13.** **_Our revenues from distribution of mutual funds are dependent on certain Asset Management Companies (“AMCs”) and our sustained ability to increase our Assets Under Management (“AUM”) as well as on the performance of the funds that we distribute. Any changes in the total expense ratio due to regulatory changes may reduce our distribution commission income which may have a adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation_** 

We are empaneled with several AMCs for whom we act as a distributor for their mutual fund schemes, for which we earn commission. Our commissions on distribution of mutual funds are dependent on the value of the AUM. The mutual fund distribution business constitutes a significant part of our revenue. For the nine months ended December 31, 2021, Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019 our total commission and fee income from distribution of mutual fund products contributed 84.49%, 80.73%, 83.29% and 88.16% of our total revenue from operations, respectively of which the top five AMCs accounted for  50.77%, 59.30%, 53.79% and 52.00% of our total revenue, respectively with the single largest AMC contributing 11.43%, 16.21%, 13.95% and 12.81%, respectively. Any adverse change in our AUM may result in a decline in our revenue and profitability. 

Further, our distribution arrangements with AMCs may be terminated without cause. Additionally, if the AMCs reduce the total expense ratio due to regulatory changes, they may reduce our distribution commission income, which would impact our revenues and results of operations. 

All market linked securities are subject to a degree of risk, including loss of part or all of the investment made by an investor. Market conditions, declines in the Indian equity markets, declines in systematic investment plans, economic volatility or changes in the financial environment may render our products less attractive to investors. Under-performance of mutual fund as an investment class or our financial products distributed by us could lead to a loss of investors, failure to attract new investors, reduction in AUM, which in turn could adversely affect our results of operations. 

**14.** **_The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares for our Promoter and the Selling Shareholders could be lower than the Floor Price._** 

The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares for our Promoter is ₹ 0.01, and the average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares for Wagner Limited is ₹ 150.94, and for Mr. Shirish Patel is ₹ 0.13. The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares for our Promoter and each of the Selling Shareholders may be lower than the Floor Price. The Floor Price or the Offer Price is not indicative of the market price following the listing of the Equity Shares. For details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” beginning on page 70. 

**15.** **_The deterioration of general economic conditions due to COVID– 19 and the extent to which the recent escalation of the COVID-19 pandemic will impact our future business and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are difficult to predict._** 

Since first being reported in December 2019, the outbreak of COVID-19 has spread globally. The World 

35 

Health Organization declared the novel coronavirus disease (“ **COVID-19** ”) outbreak a Public Health Emergency of International Concern on January 30, 2020, and a pandemic on March 11, 2020. In the first half of calendar year 2020, COVID-19 spread to a majority of countries across the world, including India. The rapid and diffused spread of COVID-19 and global health concerns relating to this pandemic have had a negative impact on, among other things, economic conditions and trade and could continue to do so or could worsen for an unknown period of time, that could in turn have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition, including liquidity and growth. While there has been no significant impact in our revenue from operations and profits due to COVID-19 pandemic, extended period of business disruptions, stock market volatility and decrease in investor’s sentiments for new investment may represent challenges for us in the future. The nature of our business requires personal meetings and face-to-face discussions with clients, which could not take place effectively during the initial phase of the pandemic. The extent to which subsequent waves of the COVID-19 outbreak impacts our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, including on the duration and severity of the pandemic, the nature and scope of government actions to contain it, and the potential impact on global and national economic conditions, including inflation, interest rates, functioning of capital markets, consumer spending rates, energy availability and costs (including fuel surcharges), which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. The scope, duration and frequency of any potential containment measures and the adverse effects of COVID-19 remain uncertain and are likely to be severe. In addition, while the Government of India, in coordination with the state governments, has started the bulk immunization process or vaccination drive since January 16, 2021, achieving complete vaccination scale may take a significant amount of time. There is also no assurance that the vaccines that are developed will be fully effective and/ or will not have side effects. 

Some of the ascertainable impact of COVID-19 pandemic and the pandemic induced lockdown on our business and operations include: 

- restrictions on the movement of people during the lockdown which has adversely impacted our ability to expand our MFD base or the ability of MFDs using our platform to expand their customer base; 

- a slowdown of branch expansion; 

- inability to effectively execute our business plans and strategies; and 

- • temporary decline in mutual fund AUM due to volatility in the market. 

Additionally, we cannot predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on MFDs using our platform or their customers and other business partners, and each of their financial conditions; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact us. As a result of these uncertainties, the impact may vary significantly from that estimated by our management from time to time, and any action to contain or mitigate such impact, whether government-mandated or opted by us, may not have the anticipated effect or may fail to achieve its intended purpose altogether. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection for all costs that may arise from all such possible events. 

The COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency could therefore materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. To the extent that the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this “ _Risk Factors_ ” section. 

**16.** **_There are operational risks associated with the financial services industry which, if realised, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects._** 

We face various operational risks related to our business operations in the financial services industry, such as: 

- human and systems errors, including in the failure to submit transactions before cut off, incorrect mapping of business, uploading, entry or settlement of transactions, due to the complexity and high volume of transactions; 

- inadvertent deviations from defined processes and inadvertent errors due to the manual nature of processes; 

- 

   - delay or failure to timely transfer, pledge or un-pledge securities to and from depository participants; 

- failure to establish and maintain effective controls and compliance oversight by our authorised persons’ network or by the MFDs utilising our platforms; 

- failure of technology in our processes, including risk management and settlement processes, causing 

36 

errors or disrupting our operations; 

- 

   - inadequate technology infrastructure or inappropriate systems architecture; 

- failure to adequately monitor and control authorised persons and personnel at our dealer helpdesks; 

- failure to implement sufficient information security, including cyber-security and controls; 

- 

   - failure to maintain appropriate deposits with exchanges or with other regulators; 

- fraud by employees, associates, MFDs, authorised persons or through our digital and online platforms; 

- fraud by authorised persons or personnel at our dealer helpdesks or our employees; 

- delay or disruption in timely completion of obligations by market and other intermediaries including banks, exchanges, depositories, RTAs, AMCs, insurance companies and other participants; 

- any interruption in services by our critical service providers; 

- failure to timely report transactions to concerned intermediaries; 

- 

- 

- 

   - damage to physical assets; 

   - failure of our risk management systems due to incorrect or inadequate algorithms; 

   - authorisation of direct market access system for non-institutional investors by SEBI; and 

- inadequate due diligence, including client verification, non-adherence to anti-money laundering guidelines, KYC processes and client needs analysis, in the sales process. 

In the past certain instances have occurred related to the above. For example, in one instance a client filed a complaint with SEBI Scores regarding a NAV allotment of the next working day. The client had transacted on a bank holiday and hence the funds were transferred to AMC on next working day. 

If any of the foregoing were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects. 

**17.** **_We are highly dependent on our management team and key management personnel. Any loss of such team members or the inability to attract or retain management personnel may have material adverse effect on our business performance._** 

Our business, performance and the implementation of our strategy are dependent upon our management team and key managerial personnel, including our Chairman and Managing Director and Promoter, Sanjay Shah, our Whole-time Director and CEO, Mr. Shirish Patel, our Whole-time Director, Mr. Chirag Shah and our Chief Financial Officer, Chirag Kothari, who oversee our day-to-day operations, the strategy and growth of our business. Our attrition rate for the nine month period ended December 31, 2021 and Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019 was 13.17%, 18.80%, 24.41%, and 26.71% for all employees and 12.07%, 15.88%, 8.67% and 13.73% for senior employees (ranked Deputy Manager and above). 

We cannot assure you that members of our management team will not leave our Company and join our competitors, and that we will be able to find suitable replacements for them, in a timely manner or at all. If one or more members of our management team, including our KMPs are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, such persons would be difficult to replace and there could be a material adverse effect on our business, prospects and results of operations. For further details on our management team, see ‘ _Our Management_ ’ on page 173. 

For example, the following are the Directors who have resigned or ceased to act as a Director in the three years preceding the date of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus. There have been no KMPs who have resigned in the past three years: 

|**Name**|**Date of cessation **|**Reason**|
|---|---|---|
|Aditya Sharma|May 1, 2021|Cessation pursuant to resignation by Mr. Aditya<br>Sharma from Wagner, as Mr. Aditya Sharma was a<br>nominee directorofWagner.|
|Niketa Shah|September 24, 2018|Cessation due to personal reasons|



Further, the competition for professionals with the necessary experience, reputation and relationships in our industry is intense and we may not be successful in recruiting and retaining the required personnel that perform critical functions in our company. 

In addition, we may need to increase employee compensation levels in order to retain our existing team and attract any additional personnel we may require. 

Our success in expanding our business will also depend, in part, on our ability to attract, retain and motivate mid-to-senior management personnel. We may be unable to successfully manage our personnel needs which 

37 

could adversely affect our business prospects and results of operations. These risks could be heightened to the extent we invest in businesses or geographical regions in which we have limited experience. If we are not able to address these risks, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

**18.** **_If our techniques and processes for managing risks are ineffective, we may be exposed to material unanticipated losses._** 

We have established a system of risk management and internal controls consisting of an organizational risk management framework, policies, risk management system tools and procedures that we consider to be appropriate for our business operations. Our risk assessment methods depend upon the extant regulatory requirements, historical market behaviour and statistics, the evaluation of information regarding financial markets, clients or other relevant matters that are publicly available or otherwise accessible to us. Such information may not be accurate, complete or properly evaluated. Moreover, the information and experience data that we rely on may quickly become obsolete as a result of market and regulatory developments, and our historical data may not be able to adequately reflect risks that may emerge from time to time. Inaccuracy in estimates of the level of margin to be maintained by our clients with us for the transactions undertaken by them could result in a shortfall in margins deposited by our clients with us. However, due to the inherent limitations in the design and implementation of risk management systems, including internal controls, risk identification and evaluation, effectiveness of risk control and information communication, our risk management systems and mitigation strategies may not be adequate or effective in identifying or mitigating our risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risks in a timely manner, or at all. Further, we may not be able to completely avoid the occurrence of or timely detect any operational failure. 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to manage our operations, prepare reliable financial reports and effectively avoid fraud. Moreover, any internal controls that we may implement, or our level of compliance with such controls, may deteriorate over time, due to evolving business conditions. There can be no assurance that deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise in the future, or that we will be able to implement, and continue to maintain, adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls. Any inability on our part to adequately detect, rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls may adversely impact our ability to accurately report, or successfully manage, our financial risks, and to avoid fraud. 

We may also offer a broader and more diversified range of products, services or solutions. We may not be able to fully appreciate or identify operational risks related to the new products, services or solutions introduced by us from time to time. Accordingly, any risk management measures or controls implemented by us for such new products, services or solutions may not be adequate and we may be subject to liabilities arising therefrom. Further, any failure to change our risk management measures and controls to our developing business in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects. 

**19.** **_Direct investments in mutual funds by our existing as well as potential clients will have an adverse impact on our revenue from mutual fund distribution._** 

We derive our revenue from operations, from the commission and trail income _i.e._ in the nature of a recurring periodic payment as long as the AUM is reflected in our ARN code. With growing technology and increase in the ease of investments in such funds, our existing, as well as potential clients may not see significance in choosing to make their investments through us, and may choose to invest in such funds directly, thereby reducing or eliminating our involvement in the process of investments. In the event that such existing or potential clients choose to invest in such funds directly, our AUM or growth in AUM may reduce which would have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 

**20.** **_We may fail to detect money laundering and/or other illegal or improper activities in our business operations on a timely basis, which may have an adverse effect on our reputation, business operations, financial condition and results of operation._** 

We are required to comply with applicable anti-money laundering laws and regulations. These laws and regulations require financial institutions to establish sound internal control policies and procedures with respect to anti-money laundering monitoring and reporting activities. Such policies and procedures require us to, among other things, establish or designate an anti-money laundering framework, conduct client identification in accordance with relevant rules, duly preserve client identity information and transaction records and report suspicious transactions to relevant authorities. Since, we handle large volumes of 

38 

monetary transactions for a significant number of clients, the policies and procedures implemented by us for detecting and preventing the use of our brokerage platforms to facilitate money laundering activities may not comprehensively detect or eliminate instances of money laundering. 

We, in the course of our operations, run the risk of failing to comply with the prescribed KYC procedures and the consequent risk of fraud and money laundering by dishonest customers despite putting in place systems and controls to prevent the occurrence of these risks as is customary in our jurisdiction. We are required to implement effective surveillance controls and measures for ensuring that our electronic brokerage platform is not misused by our clients, authorised persons, personnel at our dealer helpdesks or market participants to carry out manipulative trading activities. Failure of the surveillance control and measures implemented by us to detect illegal or improper activities undertaken through our platforms in a timely manner, or at all, could lead to regulatory actions against us and adversely affect our reputation. 

If the controls and measures implemented for detecting or eliminating money laundering or other improper or illegal trading activities are considered inadequate under applicable laws and regulations by any regulatory, governmental or judicial authority, we may be subject to penal action, freezing or attachment of our assets, imposition of fines, or any combination of these. We cannot assure you that the controls and measures implemented by us are adequate to detect or eliminate every instance of money laundering or illegal trading activities in a timely manner or at all. Any such lapse may adversely affect our reputation, business operations, financial condition and results of operations. 

**21.** **_A show-cause notice was issued by the Joint Commissioner, Central Goods and Service Tax and Central Excise to our Company pursuant to its acquisition of the mutual fund folios of Karvy Stock Broking Limited_** 

A show-cause notice dated September 28, 2020 was issued by the Joint Commissioner, Central Goods and Service Tax and Central Excise (“ **Joint Commissioner- CGST and C.Ex** ”) to Karvy Stock Broking Limited (“ **KSBL** ”) The matter was further taken up for adjudication proceedings and notices granting the right of personal hearing on various dates were sent to the offices of KSBL and were thereafter returned showing the remark “left”. Subsequently, a show-cause notice was sent to our Company dated January 21, 2022 for complying with the tax liabilities of KSBL. In its reply dated January 31, 2022, our Company submitted that it had only acquired the mutual fund folios of KSBL through the bidding process conducted by the Joint Committee of Exchanges and the transaction cannot be equated to a takeover of the business of KSBL. Further, it was also submitted that both our Company and KSBL are separate companies incorporated under the Companies Act and should therefore be treated as separate and distinct legal entities under applicable law. The matter is currently pending. We cannot assure you that above proceedings will be settled in our favour, or that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. Imposition of any additional liabilities may adversely impact our results of operations and future prospects and may require our management to dedicate significant time towards pursuing the above proceedings. 

**22.** **_There is outstanding litigation against our Company and our Subsidiaries, which if determined adversely, could affect our business and results of operations._** 

In the ordinary course of our business, our Company and our Subsidiaries are involved in certain legal proceedings, pending at varying levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and appellate authorities. Any such action may include claims for substantial or unspecified compensatory and punitive damages, as well as civil, regulatory or criminal proceedings against our Directors, officers or employees, and the probability and amount of liability, if any, may be significant or remain unknown for significant periods of time. In this Red Herring Prospectus, pending litigation involving our Company other than criminal proceedings, statutory or regulatory actions and taxation matters (pending actions or any actions taken in the past five years), are considered material if the monetary amount of claim by or against the entity or person in any such pending matter is in excess of ₹ 4.53 million. Our Company is in the process of litigating these matters, and based on the assessment in accordance with Ind AS 37, our Company has presently not made provision for any of the pending legal proceedings. For further details, refer to the section “ _Financial Information – Restated Consolidated Financial Information – 51. Contingent Liabilities and Commitments – (a) Contingent Liabilities_ ” on page 259. 

A summary of such legal proceedings, including material legal proceedings, is set out below: 

39 

|**Name of**<br>**Entity**|**Criminal**<br>**Proceedings**|**Tax**<br>**Proceedings**|**Statutory or**<br>**Regulatory**<br>**Proceedings**|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions by the**<br>**SEBI or stock**<br>**exchanges**<br>**against our**<br>**Promoters**|**Material**<br>**Civil**<br>**Litigations**|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**<br>**involved**<br>**(Rs. in**<br>**millions)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Company**|Nil|4|Nil|Nil|Nil|4.17*|
|**By**<br>**the**<br>**Company**|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|**Against the**<br>**Company**|Nil|3|Nil|Nil|Nil|4.17*|
|**Directors**|1|1|Nil|Nil|Nil|10*|
|**By**<br>**our**<br>**Directors**|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|**Against the**<br>**Directors**|1|1|Nil|Nil|Nil|10*|
|**Promoters**|Nil|3|Nil|Nil|Nil|0.95|
|**By**<br>**Promoters**|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|**Against**<br>**Promoters**|Nil|3|Nil|Nil|Nil|0.95|
|**Subsidiaries**|19|5|1|Nil|2|105.13|
|**By**<br>**Subsidiaries**|18|Nil|Nil|Nil|1|48|
|**Against**<br>**Subsidiaries**|1|5|1|Nil|1|57.13|



_*To the extent quantifiable._ 

Except as set out below, the Company did not have any contingent liabilities not provided for as of the respective periods. 

|**Contingent liabilities**|**As at**<br>**December 31,**<br>**2021**|**As at March**<br>**31, 2021**|**As at March**<br>**31, 2020**|**As at March**<br>**31, 2019**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Bank Gaurantee with exchanges as margin<br>requirements|199.00|199.00|29.00|73.00|
|Income Tax Matters (refer note (i) below)|53.85|-|-|-|
|Claim<br>against<br>the<br>Group<br>not<br>acknowledged as debt (refer note (ii)<br>below)|-|-|3.42|-|
|**Total**|**252.85**|**199.00**|**32.42**|**73.00**|



(i) Includes - Income Tax Demand for A.Y. 2013-14 of Rs. 53.85 millions received on  September 29, 2021 by Prudent Broking Services Private Limited (PBSPL), a subsidiary of PCASL. PBSPL has filed appeals against the said order with CIT (Appeals).  Pending  the resolution of the appeals, the Company has agreed for payment of Rs 5.00 millions till August 31, 2022 out of which it has deposited Rs. 1.00 million as first instalment on January 27, 2022.  PBSPL has assessed that it is only possible, but not probable, that outflow of economic resources will be required. Further income tax notices u/s 148 for reopening assessment u/s 147 have been received for A.Y. 2014-15, A.Y. 2015-16, A.Y. 2016-17 and A.Y. 2017-18 on similar kind of matter and company has filed writ petition with Gujarat High Court for all these assessment years. 

- (ii) Claim against Prudent Broking Services Private Limited (“ **PBSPL** ”) not acknowledged as debt pertains to claims made by the client citing unauthorized trades had been placed by the PBSPL in the stock exchange. Pursuant to orders by Arbitral Tribunal pertaining to legal proceedings against clients, the PBSPL has been asked to bear an amount of ₹ 6.85 million which has been paid under protest by the PBSPL and shown as “Amount Paid under Protest” (Refer Note 10). Considering the facts of the case and the legal opinions, the PBSPL had made provision for 50% of the amount paid under protest amounting to ₹ 3.42 million in fiscal 2019-2020 and as the Company lost the legal case against client and there is no further prospects of recovery in case of client. Balance 50% amount i.e., ₹ 3.42 million is now written off during Fiscal 2020-21. 

For further details, refer to the section “ _Financial Information – Restated Consolidated Financial Information – 51. Contingent Liabilities and Commitments – (a) Contingent Liabilities_ ” on page 259. 

Our contingent liabilities as a percentage of networth for the nine months ended December 31, 2021, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019 was 11.77%, 12.62%, 2.88% and 8.78%, respectively. 

Given the uncertainties and complexity of many of these regulatory or legal proceedings, their outcome generally cannot be predicted with any reasonable degree of certainty. 

40 

We cannot assure you that any of the outstanding legal proceedings will be settled in our favour, or that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. We may incur significant expenses and management time in such legal proceedings and may have to make provisions in our financial statements, which could increase our expenses and liabilities. An adverse outcome in any of these proceedings could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 

Moreover, even if we ultimately prevail in the litigation, regulatory action or investigation, we could suffer significant harm to our reputation, which could materially affect our prospects and future growth, including our ability to attract new MFDs, retain current MFDs and recruit and retain employees. 

For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 298. 

**23.** **_We have outstanding dues to creditors, which if not paid may lead to claims against our Company and in turn adversely impact our reputation and results of operations._** 

We had trade payables to creditors other than micro enterprises and small enterprises in each of Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019 and for the nine months ended December 31, 2021 amounting to ₹ 939.35 million, ₹ 520.22 million, ₹ 695.44 million and  ₹ 1,135.83 million respectively. The details pertaining to net outstanding dues towards our material creditors are available on the website of our Company at www.prudentcorporate.com/investorrelation. If any amounts due and payable to our creditors are not paid in a timely manner or at all, we may be subject to loss of reputation, adverse impact on results of operations and litigation for recovery of dues, including bankruptcy proceedings. 

**24.** **_We have faced liabilities on account of delay or default in deposit of statutory dues which in turn may adversely impact our reputation and results of operations._** 

We have in the past faced instances of delayed deposit of TDS and GST in Fiscals 2021, 2020 and Fiscal 2019. In this regard, in Annexure “B” to the Independent Auditor's report dated August 28, 2019, September 30, 2020 and July 22, 2021, our auditors have reported as follows “ _The Company has generally been regular in depositing undisputed statutory dues of Provident Fund, Employees’ State Insurance, Income-tax, Custom Duty, Goods and Services Tax, cess and other material statutory dues applicable to it to appropriate authorities except for slight delay in a few cases of tax deducted at source and Goods and Services Tax_ ”. While we have not faced any penalties on account of such delayed deposit of statutory dues, there can be no assurance that such delays will not recur or that we will not be subject to penalties or interest thereon. Any such penalties or interest may adversely impact our reputation and results of operations. The audited financials of our Company are available on the website of our Company at www.prudentcorporate.com/investorrelation. 

**25.** **_We may not be able to derive expected benefits from the acquisition of the mutual fund folios of Karvy Stock Broking Limited._** 

Pursuant to the board resolution dated September 23, 2021, our Company participated in the bidding process for the acquisition/ transfer of Karvy Stock Broking Limited (“ **KSBL** ”) and acquired the entire mutual fund folios/ AUM of KSBL (“ **KSBL MF Folios** ”) for an amount of ₹ 1,510 million. The KSBL MF Folios have been transferred to our ARN with effect from November 28, 2021 

We have not acquired similar folios in the past three years and our ability to integrate the folios forming part of the KSBL MF Folios and the MFDs catering to such clients in a seamless and timely manner is not guaranteed. 

For instance, we understand that for the period of 27 days i.e. from November 1, 2021 to November 27, 2021, certain amounts pertaining to the KSBL MF Folios would be recovered from us since the KSBL MF Folios have been transferred to our ARN with effect from November 28, 2021. As on date, we are unable to ascertain the exact amount of commission to be recovered back from us since we have only received communication from one asset management company dated April 6, 2022, stating recoverable amount of ₹ 0.082 million (inclusive of GST @18%). 

Further, we may not be able to derive any expected benefits from the acquisition of the KSBL MF Folios in the future, if we fail to appropriately service the new clients onboarded pursuant to the transfer or to provide adequate services to new MFDs onboarded on our system pursuant to the acquisition of the KSBL MF Folios. Integration of the KSBL MF Folios and new MFDs onboarded may require us to expend 

41 

additional resources, while there is no guarantee of any benefits to our Company from us acquisition. We may not be able to onboard all the MFDs forming part of KSBL MF Folios. 

**26.** **_We have undertaken and may continue to undertake strategic investments and alliances, acquisitions and mergers in the future, which may be difficult to integrate and manage. These may expose us to uncertainties and risks, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial conditions and result of operations._** 

We have pursued and may continue to pursue strategic investments and alliances as a mode of expanding our operations. Going forward, we may undertake acquisitions, mergers, investments and expansions to enhance our operations and technological capabilities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient funds to finance such strategies for growth. Further, expansion and acquisitions may require us to incur or assume new debt, expose us to future funding obligations, legal claims, past liabilities, regulatory probes or integration risks and we cannot assure you that such expansion or acquisitions will contribute to our profitability. 

For example, in Fiscal 2019, we have acquired the entire share capital of Gennext from certain individuals by way of a share purchase agreement dated June 8, 2018, for an aggregate consideration of ₹ 22.66 million. For further details, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters_ ” on page 166. 

The return on capital deployed in any acquisitions will depend on the price of the acquisitions and efficiency of integration of acquired business employees and assets. We may also face numerous risks and uncertainties combining, transferring, separating or integrating the relevant businesses and systems, including the need to align accounting and data-processing systems and management controls and to integrate relationships with clients, trading counterparties and business partners. We may not be able to realise the benefits we might anticipate from any such acquisitions, which may adversely affect our growth prospects and results of operations. Moreover, we may expend significant management attention trying to do so, but may not see results. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to consummate our expansions, acquisitions, mergers or alliances in the future on terms acceptable to us, or at all. 

We have in the past incurred losses from the sale of investments made in Prudent Fintrade Private Limited, amounting to ₹ 10.16 million in Fiscal 2019, pursuant to the order of the RBI dated June 11, 2019, directing the cancellation of the NBFC license of Prudent Fintrade Private Limited, on account of being unable meet regulatorily mandated net owned funds requirements. Additionally, factors such as competition, culture, regulatory regimes, business practices and customs and client requirements in new markets that we may target may differ from those in our current markets and our experience in our current markets may not be applicable to these new markets. In addition, as we enter new markets and geographical regions, we are likely to compete with other banks and financial institutions that already have a presence in those jurisdictions and markets. As these banks and financial institutions are more familiar with local regulations, business practices and customs, they may have developed stronger relationships with clients. Our business expansion may be exposed to various additional challenges, including obtaining the necessary governmental approvals, identifying and collaborating with local business and partners with whom we may have no previous working relationship, successfully gauging market conditions in the local markets in which we have no previous familiarity, attracting potential clients in a market in which we do not have significant experience or visibility, being susceptible to local laws, including taxation in additional geographical areas in India and overseas, and adapting our marketing strategy and operations to the different regions. Due to the aforementioned challenges, if we are unable to expand our current operations on favourable terms or at all it may adversely affect our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

**27.** **_We require certain approvals and licenses in the ordinary course of business, and the failure to obtain or retain them in a timely manner may have a material adverse effect on our operations._** 

We require certain approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions for operating our business, some of which may have expired and for which we may have either made, or are in the process of making, an application for obtaining the approval for its renewal. While we have procured all material approvals for our operations, we are in the process of renewing/procuring certain approvals and licenses. Our Company has submitted an application for registering its office in Panaji under the relevant shops and establishment act. It has also submitted applications for renewal of shops and establishment registration for its offices located at Ranchi, Durgapur and Siliguri. Further, our Company is yet to submit applications for registering its new offices at Vishakhapatnam, Hubli, Godhara, Tiruchirappalli, Coimbatore, Ahmednagar and Burdwan, under the relevant shops and establishment act of the specific states. 

42 

Gennext has applied for registering its offices in Udaipur, Ajmer, Jodhpur, Kolkata, Siliguri, Dehradun, Madurai and Bhubaneswar under the relevant shops and establishment acts of various state. It has also applied for the renewal of the shops and establishment certificate for its offices located at Durgapur.It is also yet to submit applications for registering its new offices at Jalandhar, Junagadh, Godhara, Burdwan, Bhavnagar, Madurai, Tiruchirappalli, Coimbatore, Ahmednagar, Panaji,Visakhapatnam and Hubli under the relevant shops and establishment act of the specific states. If we are unable to make applications to obtain or retain any of these approvals or licenses, or renewals thereof, in a timely manner or at all, our business may be adversely affected, including having to find alternate locations for our offices, which may not be available in a timely and cost effective manner and temporary disruptions in our ability to provide physical services to our clients. Furthermore, our government approvals and licenses are subject to numerous conditions, some of which may be onerous and require us to make substantial compliance-related expenditure. If we are unable to comply or a regulator claims that we have not complied with these conditions, our reputation, business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

For details see “ _Government and Other Approvals – Material Approvals for which renewal applications have been made but not received by our Company and Material Subsidiary_ ” on page 307, “ _Government and Other Approvals – Material Approvals for which applications have been made but not received by our Company and Material Subsidiary_ ” on page 308 and “ _Government and Other Approvals_ – _Material Approvals for which renewal applications are yet to be made by our Company and Material Subsidiary_ ” on page 308. 

## **28.** **_We have entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in future._** 

We have entered into transactions with several related parties which were conducted in compliance with applicable laws. While such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis and contain commercially reasonable terms, which are in the interest of the Company and its minority shareholders, in compliance with applicable laws now and in the future, we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties, or that the respective regulatory authorities will concur with our views or will not seek adjustments to our income from taxation purposes. Further, the aggregate value of such related party transactions for each of Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019 and the nine month period ended December 31, 2021 to the total revenue was 2.70%, 4.12%, 7.08% and 39.66%, respectively. 

For more information regarding our related party transactions, see “ _Financial Information – Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note 39 – Related Party Disclosures_ ” on page 249. 

## **29.** **_We have in the past acquired an entity from certain related parties._** 

Pursuant to a share purchase agreement dated June 8, 2018 with Gennext, Maitry Shah, Chirag Shah and Harshida Patel (“ **SPA”** ), our Company acquired 870,000 fully paid up equity shares of Gennext representing 100% of the total issued and paid up equity share capital of Gennext on a fully diluted basis, for an aggregate consideration of ₹ 22.66 million, from certain related parties. For details, see “ _Financial Information – Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note 39 – Related Party Disclosures_ ” on page 249. Further, the fair market value per equity share of Gennext as certified by Patel & Panchal, Chartered Accountants, by way of a certificate dated May 20, 2018 was ₹ 26.04 per equity share. There can be no assurance that such transactions could not have received higher value from third parties or that that we will not enter into similar related party transactions in the future. 

**30.** **_We may be unable to detect and deter misconduct of our employees or other third party service providers, or failure of our internal processes and procedures, which could harm our brand and our reputation, or lead to regulatory fines or litigation against us._** 

Our business is exposed to the risk of employee and third-party misconduct, fraud, or the failure of our internal processes and procedures. We are vulnerable to reputational harm because we operate in an industry in which personal relationships, integrity and the confidence of our clients are of critical importance. Our employees and other third parties whom we deal with could engage in misconduct that adversely affect our business. For example, if an employee were to engage in illegal or suspicious activities, we could be subject to regulatory fines and suffer serious harm to our reputation (because of the negative perception resulting in such activities), financial position, client relationships and ability to attract new clients. 

While we have internal processes to detect, prevent and monitor our employees, agents, distributors and 

43 

other third parties and have not faced such a situation so far, we may not be successful in our endeavours. Further, our internal processes and procedures may prove to be inadequate or incomplete to detect any such misconduct. Such misconduct could include, engaging in mis-selling, misrepresentation or fraudulent, deceptive or otherwise improper activities when marketing or selling products, binding us to transactions, hiding unauthorised or unsuccessful activities, such as insider trading, improperly using or disclosing confidential information, making illegal or improper payments, falsifying documents or data, recommending products, services or transactions that are not suitable for our clients, misappropriation of funds, engaging in unauthorised or excessive transactions detriment to our clients or not complying with applicable laws or our internal policies and procedures. 

Due to the nature of business activities undertaken by us, our employees are also required to comply with various regulations, such as SEBI PIT Regulations, Stock Brokers Regulations, Research Analysts Regulations and Investment Advisers Regulations, IRDAI Insurance Brokers Regulations. Even though we have established an internal framework to monitor the conduct of our employees, we cannot assure you that none of our employees will violate the provisions of applicable law in the course of their employment with us or that all such violations would be detected by us in a timely manner, or at all. Any violation of applicable laws by our employees related to their employment with us may affect our business operations or reputation or result in imposition of vicarious liability on us by the Government or regulatory authorities. 

Our business often requires that we deal with confidential information. If our employees were to improperly use or disclose this information, even if inadvertently, we could be subject to legal action and suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position, and current and future business relationships. It is not always possible to deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent such activities may not always be effective. Misconduct by our employees, or even unsubstantiated allegations of misconduct, could result in an adverse effect on our reputation and our business. While we have implemented specific initiatives to reduce the likelihood of such situations occurring in future, including enhanced due diligence measures for high-risk cases and additional verification measures during the client on-boarding process, there can be no assurance that we will not be subjected to fraudulent claims in the future. We may also be subjected to fraudulent behaviour and disclosures by clients and third parties in respect of other areas of our operations, including money laundering and forgery, which may negatively impact our ability to comply with applicable regulations, which could result in us being subjected to regulatory action, and have an adverse impact on our results of operations, profitability and reputation. 

## **31.** **_Security breaches of clients’ confidential information that we store may harm our reputation and expose us to liability._** 

We store clients’ bank information and other sensitive data. While we have measures and systems in place to protect clients’ confidential data, any accidental or wilful security breach or other unauthorised access could cause the theft and criminal use of this data. Security breach or unauthorised access to confidential information could also expose us to liability related to the loss of such information, time-consuming and expensive litigation and negative publicity. If security measures are breached because of third party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, or if design flaws in our software are exposed and exploited, and, as a result, a third party obtains unauthorised access to client data, our relationships with clients will be severely damaged, and we could incur significant liability and reputational damage. Further, we engage with certain third party service providers, and although our contracts with them restrict the usage of client data and impose protective precautions, there can be no assurance that they will abide by such contractual terms or that the contracts will be found to be in compliance with data protection laws. 

Because techniques used to obtain unauthorised access or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognised until they are launched against a target, we and our third party hosting facilities may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. In addition, we may be required under applicable regulations to notify individuals of data security breaches involving their personal data. These mandatory disclosures regarding a security breach are costly to implement and often lead to widespread negative publicity, which may cause clients to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our data security measures. 

Further, we are subject to data privacy laws, rules and regulations that regulate the use of customer data. Compliance with these laws, rules and regulations may restrict our business activities, require us to incur increased expense and devote considerable time to compliance efforts. For example, data privacy laws, rules and regulations could limit our ability to cross-sell products. Applicable data privacy laws, rules and regulations could also limit our ability to use third-party firms in connection with customer data. In the event of any change in such norms in the future, we may be unable to honour our obligations under these 

44 

agreements, which may adversely affect our business. Certain of these laws, rules and regulations are relatively new and their interpretation and application remain uncertain. Data privacy laws, rules and regulations are also subject to change and may become more restrictive in the future. Changes or further restrictions in data privacy laws, rules and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. With the proposed enactment of the Personal Data Protection Bill, 2019 (“ **PDP Bill** ”), and the ongoing regulatory discussions in connection with proposed Indian regulation to govern non-personal data, the privacy and data protection laws are set to be closely administered in India, and we may become subject to additional potential compliance requirements. The PDP Bill proposes a legal framework governing the processing of personal data, where such data has been collected, disclosed, shared or otherwise processed within India, as well as any processing of personal data by the GoI, Indian companies, Indian citizens or any person or body of persons incorporated or created under Indian law. The PDP Bill defines personal data and sensitive personal data, prescribes rules for collecting, storing and processing of such data and creates rights and obligations of data-subjects and processors. The Indian Government has also been mooting a legislation governing non-personal data. In September 2019, the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology formed a committee of experts (“ **NPD Committee** ”) to recommend a regulatory regime to govern non-personal data (“ **NPD** ”). The NPD Committee has released two reports till date, which recommend, among other items, a framework to govern NPD (defined as any data other than personal data), access and sharing of NPD with government and corporations alike and a registration regime and for “data businesses”, being business that collect, process or store data, both personal and non-personal. 

As part of our operations, we are required to comply with the IT Act and the rules thereof, which provides for civil and criminal liability including compensation to persons affected, penalties and imprisonment for various cyber related offenses, including unauthorized disclosure of confidential information and failure to protect sensitive personal data. India has already implemented certain privacy laws, including the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011 and the recently introduced the Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines and Digital Media Ethics Code) Rules, 2021, which impose limitations and restrictions on the collection, use, disclosure and transfer of personal information. For further details, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies in India_ ” beginning on page 161. 

Any security breach, whether actual or perceived, would harm our reputation, and result in loss of clients, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

**32.** **_We cannot ensure that our intellectual property is protected from being copied or used by others, including our competitors, and intellectual property infringement actions may be brought against us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business._** 

We use, among others, the name, brand and trademark ‘ _PRUDENT_ ’ and associated logos in the ordinary course of our business and in our corporate name. The trademark and tagline of “Money through wisdom”, have been applied for, but the application is pending as on date. We also believe that maintaining and enhancing the brand and sub-brands, are critical to maintaining and expanding our client base. 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we do not have any unregistered intellectual property rights, which may impact our ability to protect our intellectual property. We may be unable to detect the unauthorised use of, or take appropriate steps to enforce, our intellectual property rights. One of our trademark applications, in respect of “Policyworld” in class 36, have been objected to. Maintaining and enhancing our brand and sub-brands may require us to make substantial investments in various areas, such as product development, marketing and brand building activities, and these investments may not be successful. Failure to protect our intellectual property and trademarks adequately could harm our reputation and affect our ability to compete effectively. Further, defending our intellectual property rights may require significant financial and managerial resources, the expenditure of which may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, we cannot assure you that such attempts to defend our intellectual property rights will be successful. 

We may also be subject to claims that we have breached our licensed use of software or otherwise infringed on the intellectual property of third parties, including infringement by service providers who use such licences to provide services to us. Any of the above matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial performance and the trading price of our Equity Shares. 

45 

**33.** **_We may require additional equity or debt in the future in order to continue to grow our business, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all._** 

As at December 31, 2021 our total outstanding borrowings amounting to ₹ 330.02 million consisting of unsecured loans availed from Mr. Sanjay Shah in PCASL and banks and financial institutions towards working capital requirements along with accrued interest thereon in PBSPL. There have been no instances of default in repayment of debt or restructuring or rescheduling of our borrowings in any of Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019 and the nine months ended December 31, 2021. Our strategy to grow our business may require us to raise additional funds for our working capital or long term business plans. We cannot assure you that such funds will be available on favorable terms or at all. Additional debt financing may increase our financing costs. Our financing agreements may contain terms and conditions that may restrict our ability to operate and manage our business, such as terms and conditions that require us to maintain certain pre-set debt service coverage ratios and leverage ratios and require us to use our assets, including our cash balances, as collateral for our indebtedness. If we are unable to raise additional funds on favorable terms or at all as and when required, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects could be adversely affected. 

**34.** **_We have issued corporate guarantees in respect of certain bank guarantees submitted by our Subsidiary PBSPL, which if called upon, may subject us to additional liabilities and strain our cash flows._** 

In the ordinary course of its activities, our Subsidiary, PBSPL, is required to submit certain bank guarantees to various Stock Exchanges to secure its obligations. In respect of certain bank guarantees submitted by PBSPL, our Company has provided corporate guarantees to the lender as security for the issue of such bank guarantees. The aggregate liability of such corporate guarantees as of December 31, 2021 was ₹ 25 million. In the event that we are called upon to make payment of the amounts secured by way of the corporate guarantees, we would be subject to additional liabilities, which may strain our cash flows. 

**35.** **_A majority of our immovable properties, including our Corporate Office, are leased. If we are unable to renew existing leases or relocate our operations on commercially reasonable terms, there may be an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operations._** 

We have taken on lease certain immovable properties including our Corporate Office, pursuant to long term leases. If we are unable to renew certain or all of these leases on commercially reasonable terms, we may suffer a disruption in our operations or be unable to continue to operate from those locations in the future. In addition, the terms of certain of our leases require us to obtain the lessor’s prior consent for certain actions, which may not be available. Any failure to renew our leases or to find alternative property may have an adverse impact on our operations and profitability. In the event that we decide to terminate any of our current lease deeds, we may liable to pre-mature termination charges. 

**36.** **_We lease certain properties from our Promoter and a member of our Promoter Group, for which they are entitled to receive rent._** 

In the ordinary course of our operations, we had taken on lease certain properties from our Promoter and Managing Director and from a member of our Promoter Group, Ms. Niketa Shah. On account of such agreements, we have paid ₹ 0.82 million, ₹ 0.84 million, ₹ 1.08 million and ₹ 1.42 million in each of the nine months ended December 31, 2021, Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019 to related Our Promoter and Managing Director and a member of our Promoter Group, Ms. Niketa Shah, may be deemed to be interested in our Company to the extent of the above, in addition to remuneration payable to them or any benefits arising out of their shareholding in our Company. While all related party transactions were in the ordinary course of our business and on arms length basis, there can be no assurance that we could not have obtained commercially better terms from third parties. Further, we may continue to enter in to similar related party transactions in the future. 

**37.** **_Our Promoter and Promoter Group will continue to have significant shareholding in us after the Offer, which will allow them to exercise significant influence over us._** 

After the completion of the Offer, our Promoter and Promoter Group will have significant shareholding in our Company. Accordingly, our Promoter and Promoter Group will continue to exercise significant influence over our business and all matters requiring shareholders’ approval, including the composition of our Board of Directors, the adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions or the sales of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, lending, investments and capital expenditures. This concentration of ownership may also delay, defer or 

46 

even prevent a change in control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of our Promoter and Promoter Group. Further, the Takeover Regulations may limit the ability of a third party to acquire control of our Company. The interests of our Promoter, as our Company’s controlling shareholder, could conflict with our Company’s interests, your interests or the interests of our other shareholders. However, the actions taken by our Company will be subject to the approval of our Board or shareholders, as necessary under the Companies Act and the Listing Regulations and in compliance with the Listing Regulations. There is no assurance that our Promoter will act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our Company’s or in your favour. While efforts shall be made to resolve any conflict of interests between our existing shareholders with other shareholders of our Company, we cannot assure you that such conflicts of interest will not arise or be resolved. Any such conflict may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy or to operate our business. 

**38.** **_Our Promoter, certain of our Directors and Key Management Personnel may be interested in our Company other than remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Certain of our Directors and Key Management Personnel are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, to the extent of their shareholding, direct and indirect, and stock options in our Company and benefits arising therefrom. Our Promoter is also interested in our Company to the extent of his shareholding in our Company and to the extent of repayment of loans extended by him to our Company. Our Directors may also be interested to the extent of any transaction entered into by our Company with any other company/firm/entity in which they are director/promoter/partner. While we believe that our Promoter, Directors and our Key Management Personnel believe that they act in the benefit and best interest of the Company, there can be an assurance of continuing the same. For details, see “ _Our Promoter and Promoter Group_ ”, “ _Our Management_ ” and “ _Financial Information – Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note 39 – Related Party Disclosures_ ” on pages 191, 173 and 249, respectively. 

**39.** **_Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our future cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and financial condition._** 

The amount of our future dividend payments, if any, will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our future earnings, cash flows, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures, applicable Indian legal restrictions and other factors. There can be no assurance that we will pay dividends. We may decide to retain all of our earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business and, therefore, may not declare dividends on our Equity Shares. Additionally, in the future, we may be restricted by the terms of our financing agreements in making dividend payments unless otherwise agreed with our lenders. Our historical payment of dividends is not indicative of any payments of dividends in the future. We may be unable to pay dividends in the near or medium term and our future dividend policy will depend on our capital requirements, financial condition and results of operations. For further details, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 196. 

**40.** **_Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to protect us against all potential losses, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our operations are subject to various risks inherent in the financial sector, as well as fire, theft, data crash, hacking, robbery, earthquake, pandemics, flood, acts of terrorism and other force majeure events. We have insurance policies providing coverage for our assets against losses from fire, theft, cyber risks and certain other risks. We also maintain insurance policies against third-party liabilities, including an errors and omissions policy, keyman insurance policies, stock brokers indemnity policy, group personal accident policy and a group health insurance policy to cover the medical expenses incurred by our employees during hospitalisation. We are not insured against business interruption, consequential damages, environmental damages and war - related events. As of December 31, 2021, March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019, we maintained total insurance coverage of ₹ 249.76 million or 99.89%, ₹ 225.26 million or 94.27%, ₹ 194.24 million or 90.35%, ₹ 178.33 million or 94.23% of our total assets (excluding intangible and deferred tax assets), respectively. None of our insurance policies are assigned in favour of any thirdparty. We may not have identified every risk and further may not be insured against every risk, including operational risks that may occur. While we have not experienced any instance in the past three Fiscals wherein our claims have exceeded our insurance cover and had an adverse impact on our results of operations, the occurrence of an event that causes losses in excess of the limits specified in our policies, or losses arising from events or risks not covered by insurance policies or due to the same being inadequate, could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. There can be no assurance that the insurance availed by us or risks covered under such insurance policies are adequate or 

47 

any claims filed will be honoured fully or timely under our insurance policies. Also, our financial condition may be affected to the extent we suffer any loss or damage that is not covered by insurance or which exceeds our insurance coverage. In addition the insurance policies are subject to periodic renewal, and we may not be able to renew certain or any of our insurance policies upon their expiration, either on commercially acceptable terms or at all. Moreover, even if our losses are insured, we may be required to pay a significant deductible on any claim for recovery of such a loss, or the amount of the loss may exceed our coverage for the loss. If we were to incur a serious uninsured loss or a loss that significantly exceeds the limits of our insurance policies, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects. 

**41.** **_We have not been able to obtain certain records of the educational qualifications of one of our Directors and have relied on an affidavit furnished by such Director for details of their profiles included in this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

One of our Independent Directors, Karan Kailash Datta, has been unable to trace copies of documents pertaining to his educational qualifications. While Karan Kailash Datta has requested for a copy of his degree from the University of Delhi, he has not received a response from the University of Delhi yet. He has also filed an FIR dated June 25, 2021. Accordingly, to the extent of disclosures relating to the foregoing, reliance has been placed on an affidavit furnished by him certifying the authenticity of the details of his educational qualifications. 

We cannot assure you that the information relating to Karan Kailash Datta included in “ _Our Management_ ” beginning on page 173, are true, accurate and not misleading. 

## **42.** **_We will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale._** 

This Offer consists of an Offer for Sale by the Selling Shareholders. The proceeds, net of the Offer expenses borne by the Selling Shareholders, from the Offer for Sale will be paid to the respective Selling Shareholders and our Company will not receive any such proceeds. For further details, see, “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 81. 

## **External Risk Factors** 

## **_Risks relating to India_** 

## **43.** **_Our operations are dependent on the performance of the Indian economy and securities market._** 

The growth in our business has been directly related to the growth in the Indian economy, including the growing household savings. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India or periods where inflation was high. Such economic growth is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports (oil and oil products), global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall, which affects agricultural production. Any slowdown or reversal in the growth of the Indian economy could result in a reduction in wealth in the Indian economy that can be diverted to savings and investment, a reduced interest in investment in the securities market and reduced foreign investment. Any such reductions could result in a reduction in our AuM and /or the commissions we can receive for our services. 

Additionally, an increase in India’s trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively impact interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely impact the Indian economy and our business. Any adverse revisions to India’s sovereign debt ratings may also adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. This could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to obtain refinancing, as well as the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

**44.** **_Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located elsewhere, including India. Adverse economic 

48 

developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficit, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity, and the price of our Equity Shares. 

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our products may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. Economic growth in the countries in which we operate is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. 

## **45.** **_Natural disasters, fires, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other events could materially and adversely affect our business._** 

Natural disasters (such as typhoons, flooding and earthquakes), epidemics, pandemics such as COVID-19, acts of war, terrorist attacks and other events, many of which are beyond our control, may lead to economic instability, including in India or globally, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations may be adversely affected by fires, natural disasters and/or severe weather, which can result in damage to our property or inventory and generally reduce our productivity and may require us to evacuate personnel and suspend operations. Any terrorist attacks or civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic and political events in India or countries to who we export our products could have a negative effect on us. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the price of the Equity Shares. A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of diseases such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19 virus. A worsening of the current outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic or future outbreaks of COVID-19 virus or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region. As a result, any present or future outbreak of a contagious disease could have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

**46.** **_A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating decreased from Baa2 with a “negative” outlook to Baa3 with a “negative” outlook by Moody’s and from BBB with a “stable” outlook to BBB with a “negative” outlook (Fitch) in June 2020; and from BBB “stable” to BBB “negative” by DBRS in May 2020. India’s sovereign ratings from S&P is BBB-with a “stable” outlook. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favourable terms and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

## **47.** **_Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia, Russia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has adversely affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. 

49 

Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (“ **Brexit** ”), there remains significant uncertainty as to the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets. 

In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

**48.** **_If there is any change in laws or regulations, including taxation laws, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements._** 

The application of various Indian tax laws, rules and regulations to our business, currently or in the future, is subject to interpretation by the applicable taxation authorities. If such tax laws, rules and regulations are amended, new adverse laws, rules or regulations are adopted or current laws are interpreted adversely to our interests, the results could increase our tax payments (prospectively or retrospectively) and/or subject us to penalties. Further, adverse changes in capital gains tax or tax on capital market transactions or sale of securities or any adverse change in taxation of insurance products or other financial products distributed by us, could affect investor returns or the acceptability of any particular financial product. As a result, any such changes or interpretations could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 

For instance, under the current regulatory regime the companies can voluntarily opt in favour of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which would ultimately reduce the effective tax rate for Indian companies from 34.94% to approximately 25.17%. Any such future amendments may affect other benefits such as exemption for interest received in respect of tax free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

Further, the Government of India has implemented a comprehensive national GST regime that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into a largely unified rate structure. Any such future increases in the GST rates or amendments may affect the overall tax efficiency of companies operating in India and may result in significant additional taxes becoming payable. 

Due to COVID -19 pandemic, the Government of India also passed the Taxation and Other Laws (Relaxation of Certain Provisions) Act, 2020, implementing relaxations from certain requirements under, amongst others, the Central Goods and Service Tax Act, 2017 and Customs Tariff Act, 1975. 

Our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional 

50 

approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

## **49.** **_High levels of inflation in the Indian economy may shift the trend of savings and investments adversely._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increasing inflation in India could cause a rise in the costs of rent, wages, raw materials and other expenses. High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. If we are unable to increase our revenues sufficiently to offset our increased costs due to inflation, it could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, the GoI has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

## **50.** **_Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

## **51.** **_A third party could be prevented from acquiring control of us post this Offer, because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

As a listed Indian entity, there are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company. Under the Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company subsequent to completion of the Offer. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to our shareholders, such a takeover may not be attempted or consummated because of Takeover Regulations. 

## **52.** **_Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us._** 

Our Company is a company incorporated under the laws of India. All of our Company’s Directors and officers are residents of India and all of our assets and such persons are located in India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce judgments obtained against such parties outside India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if that court was of the view that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy, or if judgments are in breach or contrary to Indian law. In addition, a party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain approval from the RBI to execute such a judgment or to repatriate outside India any amounts recovered. 

Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13, Section 14 and Section 44A of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (“ **CPC** ”). India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, such as the United Kingdom, Singapore, Hong Kong and the United Arab Emirates. In order to be enforceable, a judgment 

51 

from a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements established in the CPC. The CPC only permits the enforcement and execution of monetary decrees in the reciprocating jurisdiction, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India, including the United States, cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be directly enforceable in India. The party in whose favour a final foreign judgment in a non-reciprocating territory is rendered may bring a fresh suit in a competent court in India based on the final judgment within three years of obtaining such final judgment. However, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with the public policy in India. 

## **53.** **_Currency exchange rate fluctuations may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and value of the Equity Shares._** 

Our financial information is presented in Indian Rupees. There is no guarantee that we may be able to manage our foreign currency risk effectively or mitigate exchange exposures, at all times and our inability may harm our results of operations and cause our results to fluctuate and/or decline. 

The exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and the USD, Euro and other foreign currencies has changed considerably in recent years and may fluctuate substantially in the future. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and other currencies may affect the value of a non-resident investor’s investment in the Equity Shares. 

A non-resident investor may not be able to convert Rupee proceeds into USD, Euro or any other currency or the rate at which any such conversion may occur could fluctuate. In addition, our market valuation could be seriously harmed by the devaluation of the Rupee, if United States or other non-resident investors analyze our value based on the USD or Euro equivalent of our financial condition and results of operations. For historical exchange rate fluctuations, see “ _Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation_ ” on page 14. 

## **_Risks relating to the Equity Shares and this Offer_** 

**54.** **_The trading volume and market price of the Equity Shares may be volatile following the Offer._** 

The market price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate as a result of, among other things, the following factors, some of which are beyond our control: 

- quarterly variations in our results of operations; 

- results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

- results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

- changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research analysts and investors; 

- a change in research analysts’ recommendations; 

- announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments; 

- announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

- new laws and governmental regulations applicable to our industry; 

- additions or departures of key management personnel; 

- changes in exchange rates; 

- fluctuations in stock market prices and volume; and 

- general economic and stock market conditions. 

Changes in relation to any of the factors listed above could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. 

**55.** **_The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders in 

52 

consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 84 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

**56.** **_The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and the Offer may not result in an active or liquid market for the Equity Shares. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and the investors may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the stock exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India and volatility in the Stock Exchanges and securities markets elsewhere in the world. 

**57.** **_Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. 

A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for more than 12 months may be subject to long term capital gains tax in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as STT is paid, the quantum of gains and any available treaty exemptions. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of STT, on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

Further, the Finance Act, 2022, which received the asset of the President of India on March 30, 2022, has, among other things, provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime. There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2022 may have on our business and operations or in the industry we operate in. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. For instance, the Supreme Court of India has in a decision clarified the components of basic wages which need to be considered by companies while making provident fund payments, which resulted in an increase in the provident fund payments to be made by companies. Any such decisions in future or any further changes in interpretation of laws may have an impact on our results of operations. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

Our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**58.** **_Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. 

53 

Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited with the Equity Shares within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately six Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise any delay in commencing trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

**59.** **_Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked instruments by us may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering of Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares including through exercise of employee stock options, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us or sales of our Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that we will not issue Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares or that our Shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

**60.** **_Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. Further, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade, Government of India, investments where the beneficial owner of the Equity Shares is situated in or is a citizen of a country which shares land border with India, can only be made through the Government approval route, as prescribed in FDI Policy. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 349. 

**61.** **_Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

Our Restated Consolidated Financial Information for Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, and for the nine months ended December 31, 2021 have been prepared and presented in conformity with Ind AS. Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from Indian GAAP, IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our financial statements were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our financial statements, and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

54 

**62.** **_QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after the submission of their Bid, and Retail Individual Bidders are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after closure of the Bid/ Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Bidders can revise their Bids during the Bid/ Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until the Bid/ Offer Closing Date. While we are required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the investors’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Investors’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

**63.** **_Investors may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction the investors are in, does not permit them to exercise their preemptive rights without our Company filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless our Company makes such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in our Company would be reduced 

55 

