# **SECTION III – RISK FACTORS** 

_Unless otherwise stated, references in this section to the “Company” or “our Company” means “Quality Power Electrical Equipments Limited”, and “we”, “our” or “us” (including in the context of any financial information) is a reference to our Company together with our Subsidiaries._ 

_To obtain a complete understanding of our Company and business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview”, “Other Financial Information” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 152, 102, 303 and 306, respectively as well as financial and other information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus as a whole. Additionally, please refer to “Definitions and Abbreviations” on page 1 for definition of certain terms used in this section._ 

_Some of the information in the following section, especially information with respect to our plans and strategies, consists of certain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. You should read the section “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 14 for a discussion of the risks and uncertainties related to those statements and the section “Our Business” on page 152 for a discussion of certain risks that may affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section have been derived from the report titled “Research Report on Energy Transition Equipment & Power Technologies Industry” dated January 20, 2025 (the “_ **_CARE Report_** _”), prepared and released by CARE Analytics and Advisory Private Limited (“_ **_CARE_** _”). The CARE Report has been exclusively commissioned and paid for by our Company pursuant to an engagement letter dated January 13, 2024, for the purpose of understanding the industry in which we operate and in connection with this Offer. See “Risk Factors – Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report exclusively commissioned and paid for by us for the purposes of the Offer” on page 38. A copy of the CARE Report shall be available on the website of our Company at https://qualitypower.com/ipo-2 from the date of this Red Herring Prospectus till the Bid Offer/Closing Date._ 

# **INTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

**_1. We derive majority of our revenue from international markets, which contributed to more than 74.00% of our total revenue during the six-month period ended September 30, 2024 and in each of the last three Fiscals. We plan to further expand into new geographical regions and may be exposed to significant liability and could lose some or all of our investment in such regions, as a result of which our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected._** 

Our portfolio comprises product offerings that span across domestic and international markets, enabling us to access our customers effectively. The key regions we cater to include Asia, Middle East, North America, South America, Australia and Europe. The breakdown of our revenue generated from our domestic and international markets, for the relevant financial periods, are indicated in the table below: 

|**Markets**|**Six-month p**<br>**September**<br>|**eriod ended**<br>**30, 2024**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2024**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2023**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2022**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Revenue (****_₹_**<br>**_in million_) **|**As a % of**<br>**our total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Revenue (****_₹_**<br>**_in million_) **|**As a % of**<br>**our total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Revenue (****_₹_**<br>**_in million_) **|**As a % of**<br>**our total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Revenue (****_₹_**<br>**_in million_) **|**As a % of**<br>**our total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|
|Domestic|352.45|22.63|489.87|16.30|518.81|20.49|394.72|21.61|
|International|1,179.99|75.77|2,425.15|80.68|1,948.30|76.93|1,356.51|74.27|
|**Other**|24.94|1.60|90.95|3.03|65.39|2.58|75.15|4.11|
|**Operating**<br>**Revenue**|||||||||
|**Total**|**1,557.38**|**100.00**|**3,005.97**|**100.00**|**2,532.50**|**100.00**|**1,826.38**|**100.00**|



As indicated above, a substantial portion of our revenue is earned from overseas operations, which includes revenue generated from one of our Subsidiaries i.e. Endoks which is based in Turkey. Any adverse events or circumstances in Turkey or in any other countries in which we operate, including a market slow down, economic crisis, epidemic, political unrest, or other factors affecting the power transmission industries, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

The top 10 countries to which our customers belong to are Turkey, India, U.S.A, Spain, South Korea, Mexico, Israel, Vietnam, United Arab Emirates and China. Our revenue from international markets is subject to risks that are specific to each country and region in which we operate, as well as risks associated with international markets in general. Our revenue from international markets is subject to, among other risks and uncertainties, the following: 

- i. demand for our products by our customers located outside India; 

22 

- ii. social, economic, political, geopolitical conditions and adverse weather conditions, such as natural disasters, civil disturbance, terrorist attacks, war or other military action would affect our business and operations and may also prevent us from production or delivery of our products to our customers; 

- iii. compliance with local laws, including legal constraints on ownership and corporate structure, environmental, health, safety, labor and accounting laws, may impose onerous and expensive obligations on our foreign subsidiaries. If we are unable to comply with such laws, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected; 

- iv. changes in foreign laws, regulations and policies, including restrictions on trade, import and export license requirements, and tariffs and taxes, intellectual property enforcement issues and changes in foreign trade and investment policies, may affect our ability to both operate and the way in which we manage our business in the countries in which we operate; 

- v. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the Indian Rupee, may affect our results of operations, the value of our export receivables, the relative prices at which we and our competitors sell products in the same markets and the cost of certain inventory and non-inventory items required for our operations. For instance, fluctuation of the Pound Sterling, Euro and U.S. Dollar would have an impact on the export revenues and profits of our operations; 

- vi. anti-competitive behavior, money laundering, bribery and corruption by third parties as well as crime and fraud; 

- vii. inability to effectively enforce contractual or legal rights and adverse tax consequences; and 

- viii. differing accounting standards and interpretations. 

In addition, we may not perform as expected in our international markets, because our competitors and the established players in these markets may have more experience in operating in such market, which could allow them to have better relationships with distributors and consumers, gain early access to information regarding attractive sales opportunities and, in general, be better placed to launch products with other advantages of being a first mover. 

Further, as part of our expansion plans, we intend to focus on overseas operations and expand our customer base by identifying the locations in new regions new or acquire running operating facilities. The risks involved in entering new geographical regions and expanding operations in those areas, may be higher than expected. As we enter new locations, we will face competition from regional or national players, who may have an established local presence, and may be more familiar with local customers’ design preferences, business practices and customs. By expanding into new geographical regions, we may be exposed to significant liability and could lose some or all of our investment in such regions, as a result of which our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. While we have not experienced any of the above risks that had an adverse impact on our business operations and financial conditions in the last three Fiscals, we cannot assure that these risks will not arise in the future. 

# **_2. We are dependent on the performance of the market for High-Voltage Direct Current (“HVDC”) and Flexible Alternating Current Transmission Systems (“FACTS”), which in turn is dependent on a range of social, economic and regulatory factors beyond our control. Any adverse trend in such markets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

As a manufacturer and supplier of customized products such as reactors, transformers, static var compensators (“ **SVC** ”) and static synchronous compensators (“ **STATCOM** ”) our business is dependent on the performance of the market for high-voltage direct current (“ **HVDC** ”) and flexible alternating current transmission systems (“ **FACTS** ”). 

Set out below is the category-wise break-up of our revenue for the six-month period ended September 30, 2024 and for the financial years ended March 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022: 

|**Category**|**Six-month p**<br>**September**<br>|**eriod ended**<br>**30, 2024**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2024**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2023**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2022**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Revenue (****_₹_**<br>**_in million_) **|**As a % of**<br>**our total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Revenue (****_₹_**<br>**_in million_) **|**As a % of**<br>**our total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Revenue (****_₹_**<br>**_in million_) **|**As a % of**<br>**our total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Revenue (****_₹_**<br>**_in million_) **|**As a % of**<br>**our total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|
|Power<br>products<sup>(1)</sup>|698.04|44.82|1,238.60|41.20|849.01|33.52|615.84|33.72|
|Power<br>quality<br>systems<sup>(2)</sup>|834.40|53.58|1,676.42|55.77|1,618.10|63.89|1,135.39|62.17|
|Others<sup>(3)</sup>|24.94|1.60|90.95|3.03|65.39|2.58|75.15|4.11|



23 

|**Category**|**Six-month p**<br>**Septembe**|**eriod ended**<br>**r 30, 2024**|**Fiscal**|**2024**|**Fiscal**|**2023**|**Fiscal**|**2022**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Revenue (****_₹_**<br>**_in million_) **|**As a % of**<br>**our total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Revenue (****_₹_**<br>**_in million_) **|**As a % of**<br>**our total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Revenue (****_₹_**<br>**_in million_) **|**As a % of**<br>**our total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Revenue (****_₹_**<br>**_in million_) **|**As a % of**<br>**our total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|
|**Total**|**1,557.38**|**100.00**|**3,005.97**|**100.00**|**2,532.50**|**100.00**|**1,826.38**|**100.00**|



_(1)Power Products include a range of power products such as reactors, line traps, transformers, and instrument transformers. We also provide line tuners, metal-enclosed capacitor banks, and composites._ 

_(2)Power Quality Systems include static VAR compensators (SVC), STATCOMs, harmonic filters, capacitor banks, and shunt reactors._ 

_(3)Includes export incentives, packaging, freight, exchange rate difference, testing, inspection and service & repairs, etc._ 

Some of the factors which affect the performance of these markets include socio-economic factors such as changes in government policies, economic conditions, demographic trends, employment and income levels and interest rates, global adoption of renewable energy, and technological developments. Further, the global transmission line market is also poised for a transformative shift as the power generation sector is moving towards more sustainable and energyefficient energy sources. The cross-border energy transition and multilateral power trade around the world especially in USA, Europe, Middle East, and India are expected to attract investments in the sector and grow the sector ( _Source: Care Report_ ). The transition from traditional to more sustainable and energy-efficient energy sources in turn is dependent on numerous social, economic and environmental factors, including changes in government policies and economic conditions. There can be no assurance that the transition or industry at large will not undergo any adverse trend or de-growth. Any adverse trends in the industry may result in cancellation of orders placed by our customers. While there have been no instances of cancellation of orders placed by our customers in the last three fiscal years, there cannot be any assurance that we may not face any cancellations in the future. Any such cancellations may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Further, the nature of our business is capital intensive. While certain factors, such as general macroeconomic and consumer trends, have directly correlated impacts on demand in our industry, others can have indirect consequences that are difficult to predict and beyond our control and may result in our investments not yielding the expected results due to factors beyond our control. For example, the upfront capital costs associated with HVDC and FACTS projects can be substantial, as HVDC and FACTS systems involve complex engineering and sophisticated technologies. The design, manufacturing, and installation of specialized components, such as converters, transformers, and control systems, contribute to the overall complexity, driving up costs. In the six-month period ended September 30, 2024, and during Fiscal 2024, 2023 and 2022, we incurred capital expenditure aggregating to ₹ 37.62 million, ₹ 357.41 million, ₹ 72.57 million and ₹ 30.90 million, respectively. There can be no assurance that such capital expenditure requirements will corelate to growth in our business. 

In addition to social, economic and environmental factors, the HVDC and FACTS market may be significantly influenced by evolving regulatory frameworks, such as the 'Make in India' initiative, which encourages domestic manufacturing, as well as stringent local operating compliance requirements. Additionally, changes in import-export regulations and restrictions could further impact the market dynamics, potentially affecting the availability of raw materials, components, and finished products. Given the impact of various industry-related factors on our business, we cannot assure you that the demand for our products in the future will grow, or will not decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_3. Any disruption, breakdown or shutdown of our operating facilities may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We have a total of seven operating facilities which are located in India at Sangli, Maharashtra, and Aluva, Kerala and in Turkey at Ankara. Operating facilities are categorised as those facilities of the Company from where the Company conducts its operations for sales and supply of products to its customers. The six India based operating facilities are engaged in manufacturing of products and the one Turkey based facilities are engaged in design, operation, assembly, project management and delivery operations. 

We are dependent on our operating facilities for the production of our products and providing of our services. Adverse events affecting the geographical areas where our operating facilities are located such as our facility in Turkey, may disrupt our production and operations, leading to potential delays, increased costs, and interruptions in the supply chain. While we have not experienced any such disruptions in the past, there cannot be any assurance that we will not experience it in the future. 

Further, our operating facilities are subject to operating risks, such as the breakdown or failure of equipment, disruption in power supply or processes, severe weather conditions, performance below expected levels of efficiency, obsolescence, labor disputes, natural disasters, industrial accidents, infectious diseases (such as COVID-19 pandemic), political instability, the need to comply with the directives of relevant government authorities and the requirement to obtain certain material approvals to operate our operating facilities. For example, our operating facility located at 

24 

Sangli, Maharashtra was temporarily shut down/closed for approximately three weeks to comply with the COVID-19 lockdown orders issued by the Government of India in the year 2020. For details of our capacity and utilization, please refer to section “ _Our business - Manufacturing Capacity and Capacity Utilisation_ ” on page 177. 

Our customers rely significantly on the timely delivery of our products and our ability to provide an uninterrupted supply of our products is critical to our business. While we seek to ensure a timely supply of our products to our customers and there have not been any material delays in the past, our customer relationships, business and financial results may be adversely affected by any disruption of operations of our product lines and installed capacity, due to any of the factors mentioned above. 

**_4. Any shortages, delay or disruption in the supply of the raw materials we use in our operating process may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, the costs of the raw materials that we use in our operating process are subject to volatility. Increases or fluctuations in raw material prices, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We use key raw materials such as steel for structural components, copper and aluminum for conductive elements, insulating materials including paper or fiberglass, and magnetic cores typically made of iron or ferrite. While we follow a just-in-time delivery or lean operating process for procurement of our raw materials, the table below indicates details of the number of days' worth of inventory of raw materials and work-in-progress goods that we typically maintain at our facilities. 

|**Particulars**|**Six-month period ended**<br>||**For Fiscal**<br>||
|---|---|---|---|---|
||**September 30, 2024**|**2024**|**2023**|**2022**|
|Days of inventory of raw materials<br>and work-in-progress goods at our<br>operating facilities|78|63|103|107|



While we strive to maintain adequate inventory levels, we have experienced certain instances in the past of shortages of raw materials and work-in-progress goods from our suppliers during COVID -19 when we resumed our production at our operating facilities subsequent to the lockdown period. 

If we face a shortage in raw materials in the future, there can be no assurance that we may be able to acquire the raw materials from the market in a timely manner, or at all, and if we are not able to procure raw materials in sufficient quantities, we may not be able to manufacture our products according to our pre-determined timeframes or as contracted with our customers, at our previously estimated product costs, or at all. Therefore, any shortage, delay or disruption in supply of any of our raw materials could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and reputation. For further details, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations- Principal Factors Affecting our Results of Operations_ ” beginning on page 307. 

Further, our operations are dependent upon the price and availability of the raw materials that we require for the production of our products. Our primary raw materials include metal (such as aluminium, copper, and steel), insulation materials, resins, power electronic semiconductors, insulators, capacitors, and switchgear components. The following table sets forth the details of our total cost of materials for the periods indicated: 

|**Particulars**|**Six-month period ended**<br>||**For Fiscal**<br>||
|---|---|---|---|---|
||**September 30, 2024**|**2024**|**2023**|**2022**|
|Cost of Materials Consumed (₹ million)|878.32|2,053.04|1,575.33|1,079.94|
|Cost of Materials Consumed as a Percentage<br>of Total Expenses (%)|68.81|76.49|69.68|66.31|



The proportion of material costs to total expenses has been rising over the past three fiscal years, primarily due to the increasing prices of key raw materials such as copper and aluminum. Furthermore, the limited number of suppliers for raw materials, crucial to the manufacturing process of our Company, including aluminum and copper conductors, epoxy resin, and insulators, has contributed to the increase in raw material costs. The increase in these costs have not had any material adverse effect on the Restated Consolidated Financial Information of our Company. Any increase in prices of our raw materials may adversely affect our financial performance and results of operations. 

For further details in relation to procurement of our raw materials, see “ _Our Business – Raw Materials and Suppliers_ ” on page 175. 

We have in the past experienced cost fluctuations for these raw materials due to volatility in the commodity markets and have mitigated the risk of cost fluctuations by adjusting the selling price of our products. However, increasing global demand for, and uncertain supply of, any such raw materials could disrupt us or our suppliers’ ability to obtain such raw materials in a timely manner to meet our supply needs and at competitive prices and may lead to increased 

25 

costs. The prices and supply of these raw materials are also affected by, among others, general economic conditions, competition, production costs and levels, the occurrence of pandemic (such as COVID-19), transportation costs, indirect taxes and import duties, tariffs and fluctuations in the foreign currency exchange rate. 

Any increase in the cost of inputs to our production could lead to higher costs for our products. If we increase the prices of our products to offset the impact of higher costs, this may cause certain of our customers to cancel orders or refrain from purchasing our products, which may materially and adversely reduce the demand for our products, and thus, negatively impact our operating results. While we have not faced any such cancellations in the past, there cannot be any assurance that we may not face the same going forward. If we are unable to pass on cost increases to our customers or are unsuccessful in managing the effects of raw material price fluctuations, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. For further details, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations- Principal Factors Affecting our Results of Operations_ ” on page 307. 

# **_5. Our Company regularly deals in foreign exchange. Our inability to handle foreign currency fluctuation risks associated with our export sales could negatively affect our sales to customers in foreign countries, as well as our operations and representations in such countries, and our overall profitability._** 

During the six-month period ended September 30, 2024 and during Fiscals 2024, 2023 and 2022, we exported our products to 100 countries and a portion of our business transactions were denominated in foreign currencies. Our revenue from operations from outside India for the six-month period ended September 30, 2024, and during Fiscals 2024, 2023 and 2022 constituted as follows: 

|**Particulars**|**Six-month period**<br>**ended September**<br>**30, 2024**|**Fiscal 2024**|**Fiscal 2023**|**Fiscal 2022**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Revenue from international markets (in ₹<br>million)|1,179.99|2,425.15|1,948.30|1,356.51|
|Revenue from international markets as a %<br>as a percentage of revenue from operations|75.77|80.68|76.93|74.27|



Fluctuations, including the depreciation of the Indian Rupee against the Lira, USD, Euro, British Pound and other foreign currencies, as well as the depreciation of the USD and Lira, may adversely impact our operational results, particularly with respect to any proposed capital expenditures in foreign currencies. While we generally attempt to mitigate the effects of exchange rate volatility by adjusting our pricing to customers and by earning revenues in the respective currencies to establish a natural hedge, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so promptly or fully. This may negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. For details on the exchange rates between the Indian Rupee and the Turkish Lira, see “ _Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data – Exchange Rates_ ” on page 13. 

# **_6. We do not have long-term agreements with any of our customers. In order to retain some of our existing customers we may also be required to offer terms to such customers which we may place restraints on our resources. Our inability to maintain our customer network in India and globally, and attract additional customers may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our Company has presence in domestic and international markets and are exporting our products in over 100 customer reference points. As of September 30, 2024, we had 143 customers. Our end customers include power utilities, power industries, and renewable energy entities. 

We do not have long-term agreements with any of our customers and manufacture and sell our products through purchase orders with certain customers within India and abroad. The success of our business is accordingly significantly dependent on us maintaining cordial relationships with our customers. There can be no assurance that we can continue to maintain our networks of customers on commercially favorable terms or at all. The success of our business depends on maintaining good relationships with customers and ensuring that these customers find our products to be commercially remunerative and have continuing demand on the market. In addition, our growth as a business depends on our ability to attract additional customers. Furthermore, we have limited ability to manage the activities of independent third party suppliers and we cannot assure that they will, at all times, strictly adhere to the terms and conditions of our arrangements with them. 

Additionally, in order to retain some of our existing customers we may also be required to offer terms to such customers which we may place restraints on our resources. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain historic levels of business with our top customers or negotiate commercially favourably arrangements. Further, we may be reluctant to proceed against customer and strain the relations in the event of disagreements or disputes relating to our services. 

26 

# **_7. We are dependent on our top 10 customers who contribute to more than 52.66% of our total revenue from operations during the six-month period ended September 30, 2024 and in each of the last three Fiscals and the loss of any of these customers or a significant reduction in purchases by any of them could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We derived more than 52.66% of our total revenue from operations from the sale of products to our top 10 customers during the six-month period ended September 30, 2024 and in Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023, and Fiscal 2022. The table below sets forth the revenue derived from our top 3 customers, top 5 customers and top 10 customers during the respective financial years: 

|**Particulars**|**Six-mon**<br>**ended Sep**<br>**20**<br>|**th period**<br>**tember 30,**<br>**24**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2024**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2023**<br>|**Fisca**<br>|**l 2022**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Amount**<br>**(₹ million)**|**% of total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Amount**<br>**(₹ million)**|**% of total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Amount**<br>**(₹ million)**|**% of total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Amount**<br>**(₹ million)**|**% of total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|
|Top<br>3<br>customers|508.20|32.63|816.16|27.15|615.25|24.29|563.11|30.83|
|Top<br>5<br>customers|635.90|40.83|1,191.01|39.62|896.25|35.39|693.85|<br>37.99|
|Top<br>10<br>customers|862.10|55.36|1,748.69|58.17|1,410.44|55.69|961.74|<br>52.66|



Our customers include GE T&D Vernova India Limited, Hitachi Energy Limited and Kalpataru Projects International Limited ( _formerly known as Kalpataru Power Transmission Limited_ ), among others. The disclosure of Hitachi Energy Limited has only been made for such customers who have provided consent to being named in this Red Herring Prospectus. The remaining names of the top 10 customers as of the six-month period ended September 30, 2024, and during Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022 have not been included due to confidentiality reasons and non-receipt of consent from such customers to be named in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

We depend and expect to continue to depend on our top 10 customers for a substantial portion of our total revenue from operations. The loss of any of our top 10 customers (in particular our largest customer) for any reason (including due to loss of, or failure of our customers to win orders / contracts from their customers to renew our existing arrangements with our customers; limitation to meet any change in quality specification, change in technology; disputes with a customer; adverse changes in the financial condition of our customers, such as possible bankruptcy or liquidation or other financial hardship) could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, we rely on purchase orders and delivery schedules issued by our customers from time to time, that set out the price per unit, volume and other terms of sales for our products. However, such purchase orders/delivery schedules may be cancelled unilaterally with or without cause and should such cancellation take place, it may have an adverse impact on our revenue and results of operations. 

While there have not been a significant number of orders cancelled during the six-month period ended September 30, 2024, and in each of the past three Fiscals, there can be no assurance this trend will continue, and future cancellations orders might have an impact on our results of operations and business in the future. Furthermore, there is no assurance that our top 10 customers will continue to source products from us at volumes or rates consistent with, and commensurate to, the amount of business received from them historically, or at all. While our top 10 customers have not terminated their relationship with us or reduced the demand for our products during the six-month period ended September 30, 2024, and in the last three Fiscals, any decrease in the demand for our products from our top 10 customers, or a termination of our arrangements altogether, would adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. 

# **_8. Acquisitions, strategic alliances and investments could be difficult to integrate, disrupt our business and lower our results of operations._** 

We may enter into select strategic alliances and potential strategic acquisitions that are complementary to our business and operations, including opportunities that can help us further improve our technology system. These strategic alliances with third parties could subject us to a number of risks, including risks associated with sharing proprietary information, non-performance or default by counterparties, and increased expenses in establishing these new alliances, any of which may materially and adversely affect our business. We may have limited ability to control or monitor the actions of our strategic partners. To the extent a strategic partner suffers any negative publicity as a result of its business operations, our reputation may be negatively affected by virtue of our association with such party. Strategic 

27 

acquisitions and subsequent integrations of newly acquired businesses require significant managerial and financial resources, which could divert resources from our existing operations and negatively impact our growth. 

We have entered into a sale and purchase agreement (“ **SPA** ”) with Mehru Electrical and Mechanical Engineers Private Limited (“ **Mehru** ”) and certain individuals, wherein the Net Proceeds of the Offer will be utilized to acquire 51.00 % stake in Mehru. For further details see “ _Objects of the Offer – Details of the Objects – Payment of the purchase consideration for the acquisition of Mehru Electrical and Mechanical Engineers Private Limited_ ” on page 78. The proposed acquisition of Mehru is of critical importance to our business, and any failure to complete this transaction would have a substantial adverse effect on our operations and strategic objectives. For consequences of our inability to complete transaction, please also see _“– Objects of the Offer for which the funds are being raised have not been appraised by any bank or financial institutions. Any variation in the utilization of our Net Proceeds as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior Shareholders’ approval.”_ on page 30. 

There is no assurance that the acquired business or assets will generate the expected financial results, integration opportunities, synergies, or other benefits immediately, or at all, and they may incur losses. The costs and duration of integrating Mehru could materially exceed our expectations, potentially harming our operational results. Furthermore, we may face reputational or financial risks in resolving outstanding litigations, contractual liabilities, or financial indebtedness that come with this acquisition. 

These decisions reflect our dynamic approach to growth, characterized by an acquisitive past where we have consistently sought opportunities to expand our footprint. While our growth strategy remains centred on acquisitions, we cannot sure you that our acquisitions would assist in our growth strategy. Further, we may also face operational and structural integration challenges in integrating IT systems, retaining relationships with key employees of acquired businesses, and increased regulatory and compliance requirements. If any of such challenges are not resolved in our favour, we could lose opportunities in strategic acquisitions and alliances, and our business, financial condition and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected. 

# **_9. We are subject to strict quality requirements and any product defect issues or failure by us or our raw material suppliers or our customers to comply with quality standards may lead to the cancellation of existing and future orders, recalls or exposure to potential product liability claims._** 

We face an inherent business risk of exposure to product defects and subsequent liability claims if the use of any of our products results in personal injury or property damage. We may not be able to meet regulatory quality standards in India or abroad, or the quality standards imposed by our customers, raw material suppliers and applicable to our operating processes, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are also required to obtain material approvals and certifications for product quality verification in India and other jurisdictions. We are, ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015 and ISO 45001:2015, certified manufacturer. Further, our operating facilities are subjected to rigorous quality control checks, accreditation requirements, and periodic inspections and customer audit from various regulatory agencies that have issued us product and system certifications. While we have not experienced any instances of defect issues or failure to comply with the quality standards in the past, if any of our products do not meet regulatory standards or are defective, we may be, _inter alia_ , (i) responsible for damages relating to any defective products, (ii) required to replace, recall or redesign such products, (iii) incur significant costs to defend any such claims or (iv) restricted to produce or market such products to our customers. 

While there have not been any material product liability claims made against our products or any cancellation of existing or future orders resulting in a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, there can be no assurance that this will continue in the future. There can be no assurance that we comply or can continue to comply with all regulatory requirements or the quality requirement standards of our customers. Because of the long useful life of some our products, it is possible that latent defects might not appear for several years. There is no guarantee that any future non-compliance with quality standards will not result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

The failure by us or any of our suppliers to achieve or maintain compliance with regulatory requirements or quality standards may disrupt our ability to supply products sufficient to meet demand until compliance is achieved. The quality of raw materials will have an impact on the quality of the finished products and in turn affect our brand image, business and revenue. Our failure to comply with applicable regulations could cause adverse consequences to be imposed on us, including warning letters, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, the refusal of regulatory authorities to grant approvals, delays, suspensions or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, all of which could harm our business. While there have been no instances in the past, we cannot assure you that these risks will not arise in the future. There can be no assurance that if we need to engage new suppliers to satisfy our business requirement, we will be able to locate new suppliers in compliance with 

28 

regulatory requirements in a timely manner, or at all. Failure to do so could lead to the cancellation of existing and future orders and have a material adverse effect on our business and revenue. 

# **_10. Some of our operating facilities, and our Registered Office are located on leasehold lands and rental basis. If we are unable to renew existing leases or relocate our operations on commercially reasonable terms, there may be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operations._** 

Some of our operating facilities located in Sangli, Maharashtra are operating on leasehold land from Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation. For details, please refer to “ _Our Business – Properties_ ” on page 181. The agreements are among other obligations, subject to the following: 

- payment of rent, rates, taxes, and service charges, as well as complying with environmental regulations and building requirements; 

- planation of trees along the periphery of the plot within a specified time frame and maintain them throughout the lease term; 

- prohibition from excavating or building beyond certain limits without prior consent; 

- Compliance with water, air, and environmental pollution control acts and regulations, including obtaining necessary permits and memberships; and 

- to insure buildings against fire, maintain the premises in good condition, and allow inspections for repairs and compliance. 

While we have not experienced any issue in renewing the lease arrangement of our above-mentioned operating facilities in the past, however, if we are unable to renew certain or all of these leases on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, and are not able to relocate our operating facilities in a timely manner, we may suffer a disruption in our operations, and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected. 

# **_11. If we are unable to anticipate product trends and consumer preferences and develop successful new products, we may not be able to maintain or increase our revenues and profits._** 

To keep abreast of the most updated technology and respond effectively to changing customer preferences and requirements, we must be able to develop and produce new products to meet our customers’ demand in a timely manner. For instance, the increasing integration of renewable energy sources, such as wind and solar, into the U.S. grid has driven interest in HVDC transmission systems. HVDC can efficiently transport power from remote renewable energy sites to demand centres, overcoming transmission challenges associated with long distances ( _Source: CARE Report_ ). The Middle East has been investing in renewable energy projects, including solar and wind power. HVDC systems can be instrumental in efficiently transmitting electricity generated from renewable sources, especially from remote areas with abundant renewable resources ( _Source: CARE Report_ ). 

We assemble and manufacture metal-enclosed capacitor banks to meet the project requirements and specifications of our customers. Additionally, we have tested our metal enclosed capacitor banks for oil & gas requirements for fire and safety like internal arc tests. During the last financial year, we have launched a line matching unit and metal enclosed capacitor banks as new products. Further, as of September 30, 2024, we are working on multiple upgrades of existing product lines and intend to continue developing products suited to electrical requirements as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. For further details in relation to total number of products launched during the six-month period ended September 30, 2024, and during Fiscals 2024, 2023 and 2022, please see “ _Our Business_ ” on page 152. 

Please see below the details in relation to the capital expenditure incurred by us during the six-month period ended September 30, 2024, and during Fiscals 2024, 2023 and 2022: 

|||_(in ₹_<br>|_million, except speci_<br>|_fically mentioned)_<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Six-month**<br>**period ended**<br>**September 30,**<br>**2024**|**Fiscal 2024**|**Fiscal 2023**|**Fiscal 2022**|
|Capital Expenditure|37.62|357.41|72.57|30.90|
|Capital Expenditure as a percentage of total<br>expenditure|2.95|13.32|3.21|1.90|



We have funded the above capital expenditure by a combination of internal accruals and debt for the purpose of purchase of land aggregating to ₹ 239.60 million for potential business expansion opportunities and investment 

29 

purposes. The balance amount was spent on the purchase of plant and machinery, vehicles and office equipment for improving operational capabilities. 

Our new products may not receive customer acceptance as customer preferences could shift rapidly, and our future success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and respond to these changes. If we fail to anticipate accurately and respond to trends and shifts in customer preferences by adjusting the mix of existing product offerings, developing new products, or fail to install and commission new equipment needed to manufacture products for customers, we could experience lower sales, excess inventories and lower profit margins, any of which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, market acceptance of new products that we may introduce is subject to uncertainty and achieving market acceptance may require substantial marketing efforts and expenditures. We also cannot assure that our new products will have the same or better margins than our current products. The failure of the new product lines to gain market acceptance or our inability to maintain our current product margins with the new products could adversely affect our business, financial performance and/or results of operations. 

# **_12. We are highly dependent on our skilled personnel for our day-to-day operations. The loss of or our inability to attract or retain such persons have a material adverse effect on our business performance._** 

Our success in expanding our business will also depend, in part, on our ability to attract, retain and motivate skilled personnel. Competition for skilled personnel in our industry is intense. Our competitors may offer compensation and remuneration packages beyond what we are offering to our employees. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting employees that our business requires. Because of these factors, there is no assurance that we can effectively attract and retain sufficient number of skilled personnel to sustain our expansion plans, which would have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. The following table sets forth the attrition rate of the years/period indicated: 

|**Particulars**|**Six-month period**<br>**ended September**<br>**30, 2024**|**Fiscal 2024**|**Fiscal 2023**|**Fiscal 2022**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Total Number of employees|167|163|165|121|
|Total number of employees who terminated<br>their relationship with the Company|Nil|15|16|10|
|Attrition Rate (%)|Nil|9.20|9.70|8.26|



Our inability to attract and retain skilled personnel may impact our production, day to day operations and in turn adversely impact our results of operations and financial results. 

# **_13. We are highly dependent on Thalavaidurai Pandyan, Chitra Pandyan and Bharanidharan Pandyan, our Promoters and Directors for our business. The loss of or our inability to attract or retain such persons could have a material adverse effect on our business performance._** 

Our business and the implementation of our strategy is dependent upon Thalavaidurai Pandyan, Chitra Pandyan and Bharanidharan Pandyan, our Promoters and Directors, who oversee our day-to-day operations, strategy and growth of our business. If one or more members of our whole-time Directors are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, such persons could be difficult to replace in a timely and cost-effective manner. There can be no assurance that we will be able to retain these personnel. The loss of our Promoters and whole-time Directors or our inability to replace them may restrict our ability to grow, to execute our strategy, to raise the profile of our brand, to raise funding, to make strategic decisions and to manage the overall running of our operations, which would have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 

We cannot assure you that we will not lose our whole-time Directors in the future, or we will be able to replace any Directors in a timely manner or at all, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 

# **_14. Objects of the Offer for which the funds are being raised have not been appraised by any bank or financial institutions. Any variation in the utilization of our Net Proceeds as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior Shareholders’ approval._** 

We propose to use the Net Proceeds for payment of the purchase consideration for the acquisition of Mehru Electrical and Mechanical Engineers Private Limited, funding capital expenditure requirements of our Company for purchase plant and machinery and funding inorganic growth through unidentified acquisitions and other strategic initiatives and general corporate purposes. For further details, please see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 76. The proposed deployment of Net Proceeds has not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or other independent agency and is based on internal management estimates based on current market conditions and historic level of expenditures. 

30 

We are yet to place orders for the plant and machinery which will be purchased through the Net Proceeds. Further, the acquisition of Mehru for which majority of the funds are earmarked to be utilized through the Net Proceeds may not synergize with our operations or location. Any variation in the utilization of the Net Proceeds shall be on account of a variety of factors such as our financial condition, business and strategy and external factors such as market conditions and competitive environment, which may not be within the control of our management, and may be subject to various other approvals, which includes, amongst others obtaining prior approval of the Shareholders of the Company. In the event any circumstances arise that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilization of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the Shareholders’ approval in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such shareholders’ approval may adversely affect our business or operations. Furthermore, our Promoters would be required to provide an exit opportunity to Shareholders who do not agree with our proposal to change the objects of the Offer or vary the terms of such contracts, at a price and manner as prescribed under Regulation 59 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Additionally, the requirement on the Promoters to provide an exit opportunity to such dissenting shareholders may deter the Promoters from agreeing to the variation of the proposed utilization of the Net Proceeds, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. There can be no assurance that the Promoters or the controlling shareholders of our Company will have adequate resources at their disposal at all times to enable them to provide an exit opportunity at the price prescribed by SEBI. In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake variation of objects of the Offer to use any unutilized proceeds of the Fresh Issue, if any, or vary the terms of any contract referred to in this Red Herring Prospectus, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our Company’s ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilized portion. 

Various risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in this “ _Risk Factors_ ” section, may limit or delay our efforts to use the Net Proceeds to achieve profitable growth in our business. Accordingly, the use of the Net Proceeds to fund our growth and for other purposes identified by our management may not result in actual growth of our business, increased profitability or an increase in the value of our business and your investment. 

# **_15. There have been certain instances of delays in payment of statutory dues by our Company in the past. Any delay in payment of statutory dues by our Company in future, may result in the imposition of penalties and in turn may have an adverse effect on our Company’s business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows._** 

Our Company is required to pay certain statutory dues including provident fund contributions and employee state insurance contributions under the Employees’ Provident Funds and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952 and the Employees’ State Insurance Act, 1948, respectively, and professional taxes. The table below sets forth the details of the delays in statutory dues payable by our Company in relation to its employees for the periods indicated below: 

|**Particular**<br>**s**|**Six-mont**<br>**Septem**|**h period**<br>**ber 30, 2**|**ended**<br>**024**|**Fis**|**cal 2024**||**Fis**|**cal 2023**||**Fis**|**cal 2022**||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Number**|**Paid (₹**|**Unpaid**|**Number**|**Paid (₹**|**Unpaid**|**Number**|**Paid (₹**|**Unpaid**|**Number**|**Paid (₹**|**Unpaid**|
||**of**<br>**employee**<br>**s**|**in**<br>**million**<br>**)**|**(₹ in**<br>**million**<br>**)**|**of**<br>**employee**<br>**s**|**in**<br>**million**<br>**)**|**(₹ in**<br>**million**<br>**)**|**of**<br>**employee**<br>**s**|**in**<br>**million**<br>**)**|**(₹ in**<br>**million**<br>**)**|**of**<br>**employee**<br>**s**|**in**<br>**million**<br>**)**|**(₹ in**<br>**million**<br>**)**|
|Provident<br>Fund|132|1.06|-|110|2.01|-|105|1.92|<br>-|99|1.53|<br>-|
|ESIC|68|0.43|-|52|0.08|<br>-|55|<br>0.08|<br>-|56|0.07|<br>-|
|Tax<br>Deducted<br>at<br>Source<br>on salaries|<br>-|12.20|-|-|27.85|<br>-|-|<br>14.34|<br>-|-|14.93|<br>-|
|Tax<br>Deducted<br>at<br>Source<br>on<br>other<br>than<br>salaries|<br> <br>-|4.54|-|-|7.76|<br>-|-|<br>3.32|<br>-|-|2.46|<br>-|
|Tax<br>collected at<br>source|<br>-|0.50|-||0.01|<br>-|-|<br>-|<br>-|-|-|<br>-|
|GST|-|62.07|-|-|114.84|<br>-|-|89.18|<br>-|-|75.41|<br>-|
|Profession<br>Tax|-|0.15|-|-|0.31|<br>-|-|<br>0.29|<br>-|-|0.28|<br>-|
|Labour<br>welfare<br>fund|-|-|-|-|0.00|<br>-|-|<br>0.00|<br>-|-|0.00|<br>-|
|Group<br>Gratuity<br>LIC<br>-<br>Expenses|-|7.31|-|-|8.77|<br>-|-|<br>1.12|<br>-|-|1.68||



31 

|**Particular**<br>**s**|**Six-mont**<br>**Septem**|**h period**<br>**ber 30, 2**|**ended**<br>**024**|**Fis**|**cal 2024**||**Fis**|**cal 2023**||**Fis**|**cal 2022**||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Number**<br>**of**<br>**employee**<br>**s**|**Paid (₹**<br>**in**<br>**million**<br>**)**<br>|**Unpaid**<br>**(₹ in**<br>**million**<br>**)**|**Number**<br>**of**<br>**employee**<br>**s**|**Paid (₹**<br>**in**<br>**million**<br>**)**|<br>**Unpaid**<br>**(₹ in**<br>**million**<br>**)**|**Number**<br>**of**<br>**employee**<br>**s**|**Paid (₹**<br>**in**<br>**million**<br>**)**|**Unpaid**<br>**(₹ in**<br>**million**<br>**)**|<br>**Number**<br>**of**<br>**employee**<br>**s**|**Paid (₹**<br>**in**<br>**million**<br>**)**|**Unpaid**<br>**(₹ in**<br>**million**<br>**)**|
|Any other<br>dues|-|-|-|-|<br>-|<br>-|-|-|-|<br>-|<br>-|<br>-|



In the past, there have been instances of delays in the remittance towards the payment of these statutory dues including employee provident fund contributions. While we have addressed these issues, we cannot guarantee that similar delays or delays in payment of other statutory dues will not occur in the future. Such delays could result in penalties, interest charges, or other legal actions by the relevant authorities, which could adversely impact our financial performance and reputation. 

# **_16. There is a lack of specificity around one of the proposed objects of the Offer and we have not specifically earmarked the use of the Net Proceeds under the head of the objects of the Offer._** 

Our Company proposes to deploy a certain portion from the balance Net Proceeds towards funding of unidentified acquisitions and investments in a manner as approved by our Board from time to time. Although we have identified broad aspects on which the Company intends to utilise the Net Proceeds, the Company has not identified the specific acquisitions which will be undertaken by our Company and accordingly, there are no definitive agreements with the parties which the Company may enter into. Such initiatives will depend upon our business plans, market conditions, our Board’s analysis of economic trends and business requirements, competitive landscape, regulatory conditions as well as general factors affecting our results of operations, financial condition and access to capital. Inability to finalize such activities in a timely manner may delay our deployment of the Net Proceeds and adversely affect our business and future growth. For further information, please see the section entitled “ _Objects of the Offer – Funding inorganic growth through unidentified acquisitions and other strategic initiatives_ ” on page 84. 

# **_17. Improper storage, processing and handling of our raw materials, work products and products could damage our inventories and, as a result, have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We typically store our raw materials, work-in-progress, stock in trade and finished goods at some of our operating facilities. In the event that our raw materials, work products and products are improperly stored, processed and handled, the quality our raw materials, could be reduced and our work-in-progress products could be damaged. As a result, our production outputs could be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. While there have been no instances in the past where our raw materials, work products and products was damaged due to improper storage, processing and handling, however, we cannot assure that we will not face such issues in future. For details, please see “ _Our Business – Transportation and Storage_ ” on page 180. 

**_18. Our financing agreement with Axis Bank Limited to meet our working capital requirement contains covenants that limit our flexibility in operating our business. If we are not in compliance with certain of these covenants and are unable to obtain waivers from the respective lenders, our lenders may accelerate the repayment schedules, and enforce their respective security interests, leading to a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition._** 

As at December 31, 2024, our borrowings, on a consolidated basis, were ₹ 94.94 million. A portion of these borrowings is secured by mortgage of immovable properties, including the industrial properties which is situated at Sangli, hypothecation of current assets (both present and future), fixed immovable assets and personal guarantees given by our Promoters. Our existing financing arrangements contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and may limit our ability to, without prior consents from the lenders, engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interest, including restrictions on our ability to, among other matters, change our ownership, control or management of our board of directors, alter the shareholding of the Company and amendments or alterations to the constitutional documents of the Company, including but not limited to, the articles of association and the memorandum of association. 

If we are not in compliance with certain of these covenants and are unable to obtain waivers from the respective lenders or if any events of default occur, our lenders may accelerate the repayment schedules or terminate our credit facilities. For further details, see “ _Financial Indebtedness – Principal terms of borrowings currently availed by our Company_ ” on page 327. Additionally, we confirm that no breach of any covenants is foreseen in relation to the proposed offer. 

There can be no assurance that if we will be able to repay loans advanced to us in a timely manner or at all. Subsequently, if we are unable to pay our debt, affected lenders could also proceed against any collateral granted to them to secure such indebtedness. Further, such covenant defaults could result in cross-defaults in our other debt 

32 

financing agreements. In the event our lenders accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient assets to repay our indebtedness. 

If our future cash flows from operations and other capital resources become insufficient to pay our debt obligations or our contractual obligations, or to fund our other liquidity needs, we may be forced to sell assets or attempt to restructure or refinance our existing indebtedness. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets, our financial condition at such time and the terms of our other outstanding debt facilities. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. The terms of existing or future debt instruments may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. In addition, any failure to make payments of interest or principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our creditworthiness or credit rating which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness on acceptable terms. If any of these risks materialize, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_19. If we are unable to maintain and enhance our brand, including our ability to protect our brand through intellectual property, the sales of our products will suffer, which would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations._** 

We believe that our brand plays a significant role in the success of our business and sustaining customer loyalty. The ability to differentiate our products from that of our competitors is an important factor in attracting customers. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has 10 registered trademarks which are currently used by us. We have registered our trademark; ‘3’ and ‘1’ under Class 9 and 11, respectively, with the registrar of trademarks in India under the Trademarks Act, 1999 which is currently valid. Further, our subsidiary, Endoks has six trademarks registered in its name. For details, see “ _Our Business – Intellectual property rights_ ” on page 181. 

The application of laws governing intellectual property rights in India is uncertain, evolving and could involve substantial risks to us. Failure to register or renew the registration of any of our registered intellectual properties may affect our right to use such intellectual properties in future or allow others to use our products and designs as available in the public domain, without our consent. Further, if we are unable to register our intellectual properties for any reason, including our inability to remove objections to any trademark application, or if any of our unregistered trademarks are registered in favor of or used by a third party in India or abroad, we may not be able to claim registered ownership of such trademark, and as a result, we may not be able to seek remedies for infringement of those trademarks by third parties, which would cause damage to our business prospects, reputation and goodwill in India and abroad. We cannot assure you that there will not be similar instances where our applications for trademarks may be opposed, which may have a material adverse effect to our business. 

While we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we may be susceptible to claims from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims. If claims or actions are adjudicated against us from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims in India and abroad, we may be required to obtain a license, modify our existing product offerings or cease the use of such trademarks and design, or use a new noninfringing trademark. Such licenses or design modifications can be extremely costly. Further, necessary licenses may not be available to us on satisfactory terms, if at all. In addition, we may decide to settle a claim or action against us, the settlement of which could be costly and time consuming. We may also be liable for any past infringement. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_20. The pro-forma financial information included in this Red Herring Prospectus may not accurately reflect our future results of operations, financial position and cash flows_** 

This Red Herring Prospectus contains the pro forma consolidated financial information of our Company as of the sixmonth period ended September 30, 2024 and for the financial year ended March 31, 2024, solely to demonstrate the impact of acquisition of Mehru by our Company. The aforesaid transaction will be consummated only upon successful completion of the Offer, utilising the Net Proceeds. To assist in understanding the impact of such acquisition on our Company’s financial performance, we have prepared the Consolidated Proforma Financial Statements as of the sixmonth period ended September 30, 2024 and for the periods ended March 31, 2024, which are set forth “ _Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Information_ ” on page 292. The Proforma Consolidated Financial Information have been prepared for illustrative purposes only based on certain assumptions as specified therein, and therefore may not accurately reflect the actual consolidated financial condition and results of operations. If the various assumptions underlying the preparation of the pro-forma financial information do not occur, our actual financial results could be significantly different from those indicated therein. 

# **_21. We have certain contingent liabilities and commitments, which, if they materialize, may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

33 

Our contingent liabilities and commitments as of the six-month period ended September 30, 2024 and during Fiscals 2024, 2023 and 2022 are as follows: 

|**Particulars**|**Six-month period ended**<br>**September 30, 2024**|**2024**|**Financial Year**<br>**2023**|(_in ₹ million_)<br>**2022**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Letter of credit|Nil|Nil|0.93|Nil|
|Bank Guarantees issued|1,100.38|403.33|211.73|198.04|
|**Total**|1,100.38|403.33|212.66|198.04|



If any such contingent liability or commitment materializes, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. For details, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Contingent Liabilities_ ” beginning on page 321. 

# **_22. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, IFRS and U.S. GAAP, which may be material to investors’ assessments of our financial condition, result of operations and cash flows._** 

Our restated summary statements of assets and liabilities as at September 30, 2024, March 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, and restated summary statements of profit and loss (including other comprehensive income), cash flows and changes in equity for the six-month period ended September 30, 2024 and for Fiscals 2024, 2023 and 2022, have been prepared in accordance with the Indian Accounting Standards notified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the Ind AS Rules and restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the SEBI Circular and the Prospectus Guidance Note. 

We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP, IFRS or any other system of accounting principles on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP, IFRS or any other accounting principles. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS and Indian GAAP. Accordingly, the degree to which the Restated Financial Statement included in this Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Ind AS, Indian GAAP and the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited. 

# **_23. We regularly work with hazardous materials and activities in our operation which can be dangerous and could cause injuries to people or property. This may have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows and results of operations_** 

Our business requires individuals to work under potentially dangerous circumstances or with flammable materials. For example, moving machineries for manufacturing reactors, can seriously hurt or even disable employees or other persons, and cause damage to our properties and the properties of others. Despite compliance with requisite safety requirements and standards, our operations are subject to significant hazards, including mechanical failures and other operational problems, discharges or releases of hazardous substances, chemicals or gases and other environmental risks. 

While we have not experienced any such significant hazards in the past which caused any personal injury or destruction to property, these hazards can cause personal injury and loss of life or destruction of property and equipment as well as environmental damage. In addition, the loss or shutting down of our facilities resulting from any accident in our operations could disrupt our business operations and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and reputation. We could also face claims and litigation filed on behalf of persons alleging injury predominantly due to occupational exposure to hazards at our facilities. If these claims and lawsuits, individually or in the aggregate, are resolved against us, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

# **_24. There are certain proceedings involving our Company, our Promoters, our Directors, our Subsidiaries which if determined against us, may have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows and results of operations._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company, Promoters, Subsidiaries, and Directors, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. Brief details of material outstanding litigation are set forth below: 

34 

|**Name of**<br>**entity**<br> <br>|**Criminal**<br>**proceedings**<br>|**Tax**<br>**proceedings**<br>|**Statutory or**<br>**regulatory**<br>**proceedings**<br>**Comp**<br>|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions by the**<br>**SEBI or Stock**<br>**Exchanges**<br>**against our**<br>**Promoters in the**<br>**last five years**<br>**including**<br>**outstanding**<br>**actions**<br>**any**<br>|**Material**<br>**civil**<br>**litigations**<sup>**#**</sup><br>|**Aggregate amount**<br>**involved* (₹ in million)**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|By<br>the|Nil|Nil|Nil|_(Not applicable)_|Nil|Nil|
|<br>Company|||||||
|Against<br>the|Nil|Nil|Nil|_(Not applicable)_|1<sup>@</sup>|127.50|
|<br>Company|||||||
||||**Direct**|**ors**|||
|By<br>our<br>Directors|Nil|Nil|Nil|_(Not applicable)_|Nil|Nil|
|Against<br>the|Nil|Nil|Nil|_(Not applicable)_|1<sup>^</sup>|Nil|
|Directors|||||||
||||**Promo**|**ters**|||
|By Promoters|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Promoters|||||||
||||**Subsidi**<br>|**aries**<br>|||
|By<br>Subsidiaries|Nil|Nil|Nil|_(Not applicable)_|Nil|Nil|
|Against<br>Subsidiaries|Nil|Nil|Nil|_(Not applicable)_|Nil|Nil|



_*To the extent quantifiable._ 

_#In accordance with the Materiality Policy. @While the information available on the E-courts services website discloses that the suit has been disposed of, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, no order in relation to the said disposition has been passed by the Court._ 

For further details of the outstanding litigation proceedings, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 329. 

# **_25. Our Company is subject to various laws and extensive government regulations and if we fail to obtain, maintain or renew our statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals required in the ordinary course of our business, including environmental, health and safety laws and other regulations, our business financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected._** 

Our Company is required to comply with Indian laws, among other things, relating to Factories Act 1948, Employees Provident Fund Scheme, 1952, Water (Prevention & Control of Pollution) Act, 1974, Air (Prevention & Control of Pollution) Act, 1981, Hazardous and Other Wastes (Management and Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016, occupational health and safety (including laws regulating the generation, storage, handling, use and transportation of waste materials, the emission and discharge of hazardous waste materials into soil, air or water, and the health and safety of employees) and mandatory certification requirements for our facilities and products. For regulations and policies applicable to our Company, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” beginning on page 183. There can be no assurance that we will be in compliance at all times with such laws, regulations and the terms and conditions of any such consents or permits. If we violate or fail to comply adequately with these requirements, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by the relevant regulators. 

Our business and operations are subject to a number of approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions for construction and operation of our operating facilities, and trading office, in addition to extensive government regulations for the protection of the environment and occupational health and safety. We have either made or are in the process of making an application or renewal for obtaining necessary approvals that are not in place or have expired. 

Further, we may also need to apply for additional approvals including the renewal of approvals which may expire from time to time, in the ordinary course of business. For further details of pending renewals and pending material approvals, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 334. If we fail to retain, renew or receive any of such approvals, licenses, registrations, permissions or renewals, in a timely manner or at all, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects may be adversely affected. 

Further, our government approvals and licenses are subject to certain conditions, some of which are onerous and require us to make substantial compliance-related expenditure. If we fail to comply or a regulator claims that we have 

35 

not complied with such conditions, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

There can be no assurance that other environmental and safety allegations will not be made against us in the future. The relevant regulator may order closure of our facility where it is found to be non-compliant with the applicable norm. In some instances, such a fine or sanction could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, these requirements may become more stringent over time and there can be no assurance that we will not incur significant environmental costs or liabilities in the future. We are also subject to laws requiring the clean-up of contaminated property. Under such laws, we could be held liable for costs and damages relating to contamination at our facilities and at third party sites to which these facilities send waste material, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

In addition, we may be subject to additional laws, regulations and rules with respect to environment protection, health and safety in the jurisdiction we currently operate. As we expand into new markets, we may be required to comply with various environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. In complying with these additional laws, regulations and rules, we may incur substantial costs, including those relating to maintenance and inspection, development and implementation of emergency procedures and insurance coverage or other additional costs to address environmental incidents or external threats. Our inability to control the costs involved in complying with these and other relevant laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_26. There are certain of our historical corporate and secretarial records are not traceable. We cannot assure you that regulatory proceedings or actions will not be initiated against us in the future which may impact our financial condition and reputation and we will not be subject to any penalty imposed by the competent regulatory authority in this regard._** 

The Form SH-4 dated October 15, 2004 in relation to the transfer of 50 Equity Shares from Muthulaxmi Poomari to Thalavaidurai Pandyan is not traceable in our records. We have been unable to trace the form mentioned above despite conducting a search at our Company’s office and may be unable to obtain copies of these documents in the future to ascertain details of the relevant transactions or actions. Accordingly, for the purpose of making disclosures in the “ _Capital Structure_ ” section beginning on page 66 of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have relied on the search report dated February 6, 2025 prepared by Aditya Patil & Co., Independent Practising Company Secretary (having membership number A52585), and certified by their certificate dated February 6, 2025 (“ **RoC Search Report** ”) pursuant to their inspection and independent verification of the documents available or maintained by our Company. Further, while there have been no regulatory proceedings or actions initiated against us in relation to the aforementioned non-availability of the corporate records, we cannot assure you that the relevant corporate records will become available in the future, that regulatory proceedings or actions will not be initiated against us in the future, or that we will not be subject to any penalty imposed by the competent regulatory authority in this respect. 

# **_27. Our success depends on our ability to execute our growth strategies. If we are unable to sustain or manage our growth, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected._** 

We are embarking on a growth strategy that involves steps aimed at expanding our customer base and establishing leadership position for our products in India, enhancing our geographical footprint of our products, capitalizing on the market opportunity in our industry, including through innovation and product development to expand our product portfolio by entering into new product segments, enhancing productivity and operational efficiencies and enhancing our environmental initiatives. The growth strategy of our Company focuses on both organic and inorganic acquisitions, aiming to expand into new markets domestically and internationally. We have undertaken strategic acquisitions of Nebeskie, Endoks, and S&S Transformers, with a view to enhance our capabilities including our ability to serve larger industrial markets and assisting in transitioning from traditional to renewable energy. Additionally, our commitment to research and development ensures that we understand evolving market needs and innovate accordingly. Moving forward, we will continue to prioritize both organic and inorganic growth, particularly in smart industries and sustainable energy solutions, while leveraging our expertise in HVDC technology to capitalize on the increasing demand for renewable energy integration. With plans to expand manufacturing operations, including setting up a new factory in Sangli, Maharashtra, we aim to further strengthen our operating capabilities and consolidate our presence in key industrial hubs, harnessing the growth opportunities in the power transmission sector. 

Our growth strategy will place significant demands on our management as well as our financial, accounting and operating systems. Our ability to expand our business is subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including the following: 

- delays and cost overruns as a result of a number of factors, many of which may be beyond our control, such as unavailability of timely supplies of equipment and technologies; 

36 

- pandemics or epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 

- inability to hire, train and retain skilled sales and marketing personnel for the sale and distribution of our products; 

- inability to develop and maintain relationships with our customers; 

- delays or denial of required approvals by relevant government authorities; 

- diversion of significant management attention and other resources; 

- inability to derive benefits from product development efforts/ commercialization; 

- inadequate infrastructure and logistics for the delivery of our products; 

- inability to adapt our operational and management systems to an expanded distribution network; 

- the competition we face from other manufacturers, traders, suppliers and importers of wires, and consumer electrical products in relation to our offerings; 

- market development of new products taking longer than expected; 

- failure of our dealers and suppliers to adhere to our specifications and timelines; 

- failure to maintain high quality control standards; 

- shortage of raw materials or our inability to source for sufficient inventory; 

- failure to execute our expansion plans effectively; and 

- the need to raise significant additional funds to build an additional operating facility, which we may be unable to obtain on reasonable terms or at all; 

Additionally, we are proposing to expand our operations by addition of operating facilities. However, we cannot assure you that our operations will be able to generate cash flows sufficient to cover such costs. Further, we cannot assure you that any such expansion or improvement of technological infrastructure, will achieve an increased planned output capacity or operational efficiency. If the expenditure that we incur does not produce anticipated or desired results, our profitability, cash flows and financial condition will be adversely affected. 

To achieve and maintain future growth, we need to, among other things, effectively manage our expansion projects, accurately assess new markets, attract new dealers or customers, obtain sufficient financing for our expected capital expenditures, control our input costs, effectively expand, train and manage our employees, maintain sufficient operational and financial controls, acquire businesses that we believe are congruent with our expansion plans and make additional capital investments to take advantage of anticipated market conditions. 

Further, our ability to sustain our rates of growth may be affected by external factors outside our control, including a decline in the demand for our products, increased price competition, the lack of availability of raw materials, or a general slowdown in the economy. The industry may be affected by, among other things, changes in government policies, government initiatives, economic conditions, income levels and interest rates, which may negatively affect the demand for our products. These factors may negatively contribute to changes in the prices of, and demand for, our products, and could contribute to a failure to sustain our growth, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_28. We are exposed to compliance and internal control related risks. Any such risk could cause operational errors and have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows and results of operations_** 

As of September 30, 2024, we export our products across 100 countries and as a result, we are required to comply with a broad range of legal and regulatory requirements in a number of jurisdictions, including in the areas of anticorruption, anti-money laundering, anti-trust and competition. While we generally do not accept payments from third parties for sale of products to our customers, there have been a few instances in the past where we have accepted such payments. In such situations, we provide the banks with remitter details and our customer details along with the relevant invoice numbers. We may not have subjected the third party to our customer on-boarding and other checks or undertaken checks as to the source of funds and co-relation between the third party and our customer. As a result, our compliance and risk management policies, programs and functions may not be effective in managing different types of risks, including risks that we fail to identify or anticipate, as well as misconduct relating to a lack of adequate 

37 

internal governance or control. While we have not experienced any non- compliance or lack of adequate internal governance or control in the past, any failure to effectively prevent, identify or address violations as a result of inadequate internal controls, procedures, compliance systems and risk management systems could result in penalties and other sanctions, liabilities, the assertion of damages claims by third parties, and reputational damage, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition or prospects. 

# **_29. Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report exclusively commissioned and paid for by us for the purposes of the Offer._** 

We have commissioned and paid for a research report on “ _Research Report on Energy Transition Equipment & Power Technologies Industry_ ” (the “ **CARE Report** ”) dated January 20, 2025, which is exclusively prepared for the purposes of the Offer and issued by an independent third-party research agency, CARE Analytics and Advisory Private Limited, which has been used for industry related data that has been disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus. Our Company, our Promoters and our Directors are not related to CARE. CARE uses certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. Accordingly, investors should read the industry related disclosure in this Red Herring Prospectus in this context. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. CARE has advised that while it has taken reasonable care to ensure the accuracy and completeness of the CARE Report, it believes that the CARE Report presents a true and fair view of the industry within the limitations of, among others, secondary statistics and primary research, and it does not purport to be exhaustive, and that the results that can be or are derived from these findings are based on certain assumptions and parameters/ conditions. As such, a blanket, generic use of the derived results or the methodology is not encouraged. Further, the CARE Report is not a recommendation to invest / disinvest in any company covered in the CARE Report. Accordingly, prospective investors should not base their investment decision solely on the information in the CARE Report. 

The commissioned CARE Report also highlights certain industry and market data, which may be subject to assumptions. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which we conduct our business, and methodologies and assumptions vary widely among different industry sources. Further, such assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that CARE’s assumptions are correct and will not change and, accordingly, our position in the market may differ, favorably or unfavorably, from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

In view of the foregoing, you may not be able to seek legal recourse for any losses resulting from undertaking any investment in the Offer pursuant to reliance on the information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the CARE Report. You should consult your own advisors and undertake an independent assessment of information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the CARE Report before making any investment decision regarding the Offer. For the disclaimers associated with the CARE Report, see “ _Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Industry and Market Data_ ” on page 12. 

# **_30. Our failure to maintain optimum inventory levels could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flow._** 

Our products are offered at various price points and the pricing risk is suitably mitigated as majority of our sales are directly to customers. Our sales and marketing team takes into consideration various factors such as consistency, landing costs and discounts, and applicable taxes to arrive at the list price of our offerings. Most of the production that we entail is carried by us after the receipt of the order at a pre-agreed price and hence, as a result we are able to maintain the margins and work on a converter model and are largely immune to commodity price fluctuations. Our future earnings through the sale and distribution of our products may not be realized as forecasted, due to cancellations or modifications of firm orders or our failure to accurately prepare demand forecasts. If we are unable to appropriately estimate the demand for our products for any reason, it could result in excess inventory levels or the unavailability of our products during increased demand, resulting in loss in potential sales. 

Our ability to accurately forecast customer demand for our products is affected by various factors, including: 

- a substantial increase or decrease in the demand for our products or for similar offerings of our competitors; 

- changes in customer requirements; 

- aggressive pricing strategies employed by our competitors; 

- failure to accurately forecast or changes in customer acceptance of our products; 

- limited historical demand and sales data for our products in newer markets; 

38 

- fluctuations in foreign currencies; and 

• weakening of general economic conditions or customer confidence that could reduce the sale of our products. 

If we face demand in excess of our production, we may not be able to adequately respond to the demand for our products. This could result in delays in delivery of our products to our customers and we may suffer damage to our reputation and customer relationships. In addition, our customers may be driven to purchase products offered by our competitors, thereby affecting our market share. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our inventories at optimum levels to successfully respond to customer demand. 

# **_31. Information relating to capacity utilization of our operating facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on various assumptions and estimates. Under-utilization of capacity of our operating facilities and an inability to effectively utilize our operating facilities may have an adverse effect on our business and future financial performance._** 

Information relating to our capacity utilization of our operating facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on various assumptions and estimates of our management and independent chartered engineer, namely, Satish P. Kulkarni, Chartered Engineer, including proposed operations, assumptions relating to availability and quality of raw materials, potential utilization levels and operational efficiencies. For further information regarding our operating facilities, including our historical installed capacity and estimated capacity utilization, see “ _Our Business - Business Operations - Operating facilities_ ” and “ _Our Business - Business Operations – Manufacturing Capacity and Capacity Utilization_ ” on pages 174 and 177, respectively. Actual and future manufacturing volumes and capacity utilization rates may differ significantly from the estimated production capacities of our operating facilities. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on the information relating to our installed capacities or historical capacity utilization of our operating facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Further, there is no guarantee that our future production or capacity utilization levels will match or exceed our historical levels. Under-utilization of our operating capacities over extended periods, or significant under-utilization in the short term could increase our cost of production and our operating costs and adversely impact our business, growth prospects and future financial performance. Our expected return on capital invested is subject to, among other factors, the ability to ensure satisfactory performance of personnel to further grow our business, our ability to absorb additional infrastructure costs and utilize the expanded capacities as anticipated. In case of oversupply in the industry or lack of demand, we may not be able to utilize our capacity efficiently. 

# **_32. Failure or disruption of our information technology systems may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects._** 

We have implemented various information technology solutions to cover key areas of our operations including sourcing, planning, manufacturing, supply chain, accounting, distribution network and data security. However, these systems are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources, which could result in a material adverse effect on our operations. A large-scale information technology malfunction could disrupt our business or lead to disclosure of, and unauthorized access to, sensitive Company information. Our ability to keep our business operating depends on the proper and efficient operation and functioning of various information technology systems, which are susceptible to malfunctions and interruptions (including those due to equipment damage, power outages, computer viruses and a range of other hardware, software and network problems). Such malfunction or disruptions could interrupt our business operations and result in economic losses. Any failure of our information technology systems could also cause damage to our reputation which could harm our business. Any of these developments, alone or in combination, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We depend on a number of third-party service providers for maintenance of our information technology systems. These third-party service providers are essential in our production process. Our operations could be disrupted if we do not successfully manage relationships with such third-party service providers or if they do not perform or are unable to perform agreed-upon services, or if they are unwilling to make their services available to us at reasonable prices. If such third-party service providers do not perform their service obligations, it could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. While there have been no instances in the past, we cannot assure you that these risks will not arise in the future. 

There is no assurance that we will not experience disruption in our information technology systems in the future and we will be able to remedy such disruption in timely manner, or at all. Any such disruption of our information technology systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. 

Further, unavailability of, or failure to retain, well trained employees capable of constantly servicing our information technology systems may lead to inefficiency or disruption of our information technology systems, thereby adversely affecting our ability to operate efficiently. 

39 

Any failure in overhauling or updating our information technology systems in a timely manner could cause our operations to be vulnerable to external attacks and inefficient. Hence, any failure or disruption in the operation of these systems or the loss of data due to such failure or disruption (including due to human error or sabotage) may affect our ability to conduct our normal business operations, which may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. In addition, technological advances from time to time may result in our systems, methods or processing facilities becoming obsolete. 

Further, we are dependent on various external vendors for certain elements of our operations and are exposed to the contractual risks and operational risks of these external vendors. Their failure to perform their contractual obligations could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_33. Our suppliers and customers may engage in certain transactions in or with countries or persons that are subject to international economic sanctions. This may have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Various international jurisdictions, including the United States and the United Kingdom, restrict investments or otherwise doing business in or with certain countries or territories and with certain persons or businesses that have been specially designated by such government agencies. Other governments and international or regional organizations also administer similar economic sanctions. 

Our suppliers and customers may be located in and/ or may enter into transactions with end customers, either directly or indirectly through distributors and agents, located in, jurisdictions to which certain Office of Foreign Assets Controladministered and other sanctions apply, such as Myanmar. If we fail to comply with current or future applicable laws we could incur significant fines and other penalties and suffer negative publicity and reputational damage, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows, results of operations or business. While we have not experienced any incurred any such fines and other penalties in the past, we cannot assure you that these risks will not arise in the future. Further, investors in the Equity Shares could incur reputational or other risks as a consequence. There can be no assurance that our future business will be free of risk under sanctions implemented by these jurisdictions or that we will be able to conform our business operations to the expectations and requirements of such international regulatory agencies that do not have jurisdiction over our business but nevertheless assert the right to impose sanctions on an extraterritorial basis. 

# **_34. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to protect us against all potential losses, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Our operations are subject to various risks and hazards inherent in the operating business, including breakdowns, failure or substandard performance of equipment, third party liability claims, labor disturbances, employee fraud and infrastructure failure, as well as fire, theft, robbery, earthquake, flood, acts of terrorism and other force majeure events. We have obtained insurance policies in relation to plant and machinery, burglary, stocks and finished goods. In addition, we have also obtained directors’ and officers’ liability insurance. The following table sets forth details of our insurance coverage for the six-month period ended September 30, 2024 and for Fiscals 2024, 2023 and 2022: 

||||||_(in ₹_<br>|_million, excep_<br>|_t specifica_<br>|_lly mentioned)_<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Six-mon**<br>**ended Sep**<br>**2**<br>|**th period**<br>**tember 30,**<br>**024**<br>|**Fisca**<br>|**l 2024**<br>|**Fisc**<br>|**al 2023**<br>|**Fisc**<br>|**al 2022**<br>|
||**Insured**<br>**Tangible**<br>**Assets**|**Uninsured/**<br>**Under**<br>**insured**<br>**Tangible**<br>**Assets**|**Insured**<br>**Tangible**<br>**Assets**|**Uninsured/**<br>**Under**<br>**insured**<br>**Tangible**<br>**Assets**|**Insured**<br>**Tangible**<br>**Assets**|**Uninsured/**<br>**Under**<br>**insured**<br>**Tangible**<br>**Assets**|**Insured**<br>**Tangible**<br>**Assets**|**Uninsured/**<br>**Under**<br>**insured**<br>**Tangible**<br>**Assets**|
|Amount of Tangible Assets|369.45|364.37|346.6|324.67|264.78|129.85|242.48|<br>94.1|
|Amount of Sum Insurance|626.00|Nil|733.03|Nil|599.48|Nil|537.37|<br>Nil|
|Insurance Coverage (in %)|169.44|Nil|211.49|Nil|226.41|Nil|221.61|<br>Nil|



There are possible losses, which we may not have insured against or covered or wherein the insurance cover in relation to the same may not be adequate. If we were to incur a serious uninsured loss or a loss that significantly exceeds the limits of our insurance policies, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For details, see “ _Our Business – Insurance_ ” on page 180. 

Our policies are subject to standard limitations that apply to the length of the interruption covered and the maximum amount that can be claimed. Therefore, insurance might not necessarily cover all losses incurred by us and we cannot provide any assurance that we will not incur losses or suffer claims beyond the limits of, or outside the relevant coverage of, insurance policies. We cannot assure you that the operation of our business will not be affected by any of the risks and hazards listed above. In addition, our insurance may not provide adequate coverage in certain 

40 

circumstances including losses arising due to third-party claims that are either not covered by insurance or the values of which exceed insurance limits, economic or consequential damages that are outside the scope of insurance coverage and claims that are excluded from coverage. If our arrangements for insurance are not adequate to cover claims, we may be required to make substantial payments and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may therefore be adversely affected. 

We may not have identified every risk, and further may not be insured against every risk, including operational risks that may occur, and the occurrence of an event that causes losses more than the limits specified in our policies, or losses arising from events or risks not covered by insurance policies or due to the same being inadequate. Any of the above could materially harm our financial condition and future results of operations and cash flows. There can be no assurance that any claims filed will be honored fully or in a timely fashion under our insurance policies. In addition, we may not be able to renew certain of our insurance policies upon their expiration, either on commercially acceptable terms or at all. 

# **_35. Our Promoters and Promoter Group will continue to retain a majority shareholding in our Company after the Offer which will allow them to exercise significant influence over us_** 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters and Promoter Group hold 99.99% of our outstanding Equity Shares. Further, the involvement of our Promoters in our operations, including through strategy, direction and customer relationships have been integral to our development and business and the loss of any of our Promoters may have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. 

Accordingly, our Promoters and Promoter Group will continue to exercise significant influence over our business and all matters requiring shareholders’ approval, including the composition of our Board of Directors, the adoption of amendments to our constitutional documents, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions or joint ventures or the sales of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, investments and capital expenditures. This concentration of ownership may also delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of our Promoters and Promoter Group. Further, the Promoters’ shareholding may limit the ability of a third party to acquire control. The interests of our Promoters and Promoter Group, as our Company’s controlling shareholder, could conflict with our Company’s interests, your interests or the interests of our other shareholders. There is no assurance that our Promoters and Promoter Group will act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our Company’s or your favour. 

# **_36. We have issued Equity Shares by way of a bonus issue on January 13, 2024, at a price that may be lower than the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that we will not issue Equity Shares in the future at a price lower than the Offer Price._** 

We have issued Equity Shares by way of a bonus issue on January 13, 2024, at a price that may be lower than the Offer Price. The reserves used pre and post bonus issuance of Equity Shares on January 13, 2024, aggregated to ₹ 911.11 million and ₹ 191.11 million respectively. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 66. The price at which our Company has issued the Equity Shares in the past is not indicative of the price at which they will be issued or traded. We cannot assure you that the Equity Shares to be issued in the future will be at or lower than the Offer Price. 

# **_37. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our future cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and financial condition._** 

No dividend has been paid by our Company on the Equity Shares during the six-month period ended September 30, 2024, the last three Fiscals or from October 1, 2024, till the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. For details, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 215. However, the amount of our future dividend payments, if any, will depend on our future earnings, cash flows, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures, applicable Indian legal restrictions and other factors. There can be no assurance that we will pay dividends. We may decide to retain all of our earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business and, therefore, may not declare dividends on our Equity Shares. Additionally, in the future, we may be restricted by the terms of our financing agreements in making dividend payments unless otherwise agreed with our lenders. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **_38. Recent global economic conditions have been challenging and continue to affect the Indian market, which may adversely impact our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations._** 

The economy and securities markets in India are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other nations across the globe. Investors’ responses to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located in other countries, including India. Negative developments in the economy, such as increase in trade deficits, or a default on national debt, in other emerging countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increase in volatility in Indian securities markets and affect 

41 

the Indian economy in general. Any financial instability across the globe may also have a negative impact on the Indian economy, including the movement of exchange rates and interest rates in India and may adversely affect our business, financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

Any other global economic developments or the probability of their occurrence may continue to have an adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of financial markets across the globe and may significantly reduce global market liquidity and restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets. Any of these factors could decrease economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our equity shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

# **_39. Any natural or man-made disasters, fires, pandemics or epidemics, acts of war, terrorism, civil unrest and other events could materially and adversely affect our business._** 

Natural disasters (such as floods and earthquakes), epidemics, pandemics such as COVID-19, and man-made disasters, including acts of war, terrorism, and other events, which are beyond our control, may lead to economic instability, in India and other nations globally, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Recent developments in the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine has resulted in and may continue to result in a period of sustained instability across global financial markets, induce volatility in commodity prices, adversely impact availability of natural gas, increase in supply chain, logistics times and costs, increase borrowing costs, cause outflow of capital from emerging markets and may lead to overall slowdown in economic activity in India. 

Our operations may be adversely affected by fires, natural disasters, and severe weather, which can result in damage to our property or inventory and generally reduce our productivity and may require us to evacuate personnel and suspend operations. Any terrorist attacks or civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic, and political events in India may have a negative effect on our business operations. Such events could also create a perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and may have an adverse effect on our business and the price of the Equity Shares. Several countries in the world, including India, are vulnerable to infectious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of diseases such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1, and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the SARS-CoV-2 virus. As a result, any present or future outbreak of a contagious disease could have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares of our Company. 

# **_40. A slowdown in economic growth in India or political instability could adversely affect our business._** 

Our performance and the growth of our business are significantly dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. In the recent past, the Indian economy has been affected by global economic uncertainties and liquidity crisis, domestic policy and political environment, volatility in interest rates, currency exchange rates, commodity and electricity prices, adverse conditions affecting agriculture, rising inflation rates and various other factors. Risk management initiatives by banks and lenders in such circumstances may affect the availability of funds in the future or the withdrawal of our existing credit facilities. The Indian economy is undergoing various changes, and it is difficult to predict the impact of certain fundamental economic changes on our business. Conditions outside India, such as a slowdown or recession in the economic growth of other major countries, in the future may have an impact on the growth of the Indian economy. Additionally, an increase in trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which may adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and the trading price of our Equity Shares. Volatility, negativity, or uncertain economic conditions could undermine the business confidence and may have a significant impact on our results of operations. Changing demand patterns and economic volatility and uncertainty could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial conditions, and results of operations. 

# **_41. Downgrading of India’s sovereign debt rating by an international rating agency could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. Any downfall in the credit ratings for India and other jurisdictions we operate in, by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional finances. This may have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favourable terms and adversely affect our business operations, financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

42 

# **_42. Changes in laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties including taxation laws, their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements._** 

The regulatory environment in which we operate is evolving and is subject to change. The GoI may implement new laws or regulations that may affect the industry in which we operate and may lead to new compliance requirements. New compliance requirements could increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, the manner in which new requirements will be enforced or interpreted can lead to uncertainty in our operations and could adversely affect our operations. Accordingly, any adverse regulatory change in this regard could lead to fluctuation of prices of raw materials and thereby increase our operational cost. For details on the laws applicable to us, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies in India_ ” on page 183. 

With the implementation of Good & Services Tax (“ **GST** ”), we are obligated to pass on any benefits accruing to us as result of the transition to GST to the consumer thereby limiting our benefits. In order for us to utilise input credit under GST, the entire value chain has to be GST compliant, including us. While we are and will continue to adhere to the GST rules and regulations, there can be no assurance that our suppliers and dealers will do so. Any such failure may result in increased cost on account of non-compliance with the GST and may adversely affect our business and results of operations. Any dividend distributed by a domestic company is subject to Dividend Distribution Tax (“ **DDT** ”) in the hands of the investor at the applicable rate. Additionally, the Company is required to withhold tax on such dividends distributed at the applicable rate. 

Further, the GoI announced the union budget for Fiscal 2025, pursuant to which the Finance Act, 2024 (“ **Finance Act, 2024** ”), has introduced various amendments to taxation laws in India. There is no certainty on the impact of the Finance Act, 2023 and any amendments made to it in the future, may have on our business operations or the industry in which we operate. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. Further it may also impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. We may incur increase in expenses relating to compliance with such new requirements which may require support from our management and other resources and failure to comply may adversely affect our business and results of operations. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to or change in governing laws, regulations or policies, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming and costly of us to resolve and may affect our ability to grow our business in the future. 

The Government of India has passed new laws relating to social security, occupational safety, industrial relations and wages namely, the Code on Social Security, 2020, the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020, the Industrial Relations Code, 2020 and the Code on Wages, 2019, respectively which were to take effect from April 1, 2021 (collectively, the “ **Labour Codes** ”). The Government of India has deferred the effective date of the Labour Codes and they shall come into force from such date as may be notified by the Government. Further, the Code on Social Security, 2020 (“ **Social Security Code** ”) will impact overall employee expenses and, in turn, could impact the profitability of our Company. Under the Social Security Code, a new concept of deemed remuneration has been introduced, such that where an employee receives more than half (or such other percentage as may be notified by the Central Government), of their total remuneration in the form of allowances and other amounts that are not included within the definition of wages under the Social Security Code, the excess amount received shall be deemed as remuneration and accordingly be added to wages for the purposes of the Social Security Code and the compulsory contribution to be made towards the employees’ provident fund. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

# **_43. Non-compliance with existing or changes to environmental, health and safety, labour laws and other applicable regulations by us or our manufacturing partners may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We, as well as such manufacturing partners, are subject to the laws and regulations governing relationships with employees in areas such as minimum wages, maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and termination of employees, contract labour, work permits, maintenance of regulatory and statutory records and making periodic payments. See “ _Key Regulations and Policies in India_ ” on page 183. We and such manufacturing partners may fail to comply with such regulations, which could lead to enforced shutdowns and other sanctions imposed by the relevant authorities. We and such manufacturing partners may become involved or liable in litigation or other proceedings and consequently incur increased costs or penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

43 

We have incurred and expect to continue incurring costs for compliance with all applicable health and safety, and labour laws and regulations. We cannot assure you that we and such manufacturing partners will be able to comply with all applicable environmental, health, safety and labour laws and regulations or the terms and conditions of any consents or permits in the future or that such compliance will not result in a curtailment of production or a material increase in the costs of our production and operations. We may, in future, be held liable for any regulatory lapses and non-compliances and incur increased costs or be subject to penalties, which are not covered by the insurance we currently carry. Any of the above may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

In addition, we are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules in India, generally for carrying out our business. Most of these approvals are granted for a limited duration and require renewal. Further, while we have applied for some of these approvals, we cannot assure you that such approvals will be issued or granted to us in a timely manner, or at all. If we do not receive such approvals or are not able to renew the approvals in a timely manner, our business and operations may be adversely affected. For details of such approvals, including the approvals and registrations that we have applied for and are pending renewal or have not applied for see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 334. 

# **_44. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian economy and markets are influenced by economies and market conditions in other countries across the globe. Economic instability in Asia, United States, United Kingdom, Russia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has adversely affected the Indian economy. Any financial instability across the globe may increase volatility in the Indian markets, directly or indirectly, and adversely affect the Indian economy. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world may influence other nations and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, issues pertaining to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. 

These developments, or the probability that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_45. In case of rise in inflation in India, we may not be able to increase the price of our products at a proportional rate thereby reducing our margins._** 

India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. Increased inflation may lead to an increase in interest rates and increased costs of logistics, wages, raw materials and other expenditure incurred in our business operations. High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our customers, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. We may be unable to reduce our costs or entirely offset any increases in costs with increases in prices for our products, wherein, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. Further, the Government has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that inflation levels in India will not worsen in the future. 

# **_46. We may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could in turn adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, as amended (the “ **Competition Act** ”) was enacted for the purpose of preventing practices that have or are likely to have an adverse effect on competition in India and has mandated the Competition Commission of India (the “ **CCI** ”) to separate such practices. Under the Competition Act, any arrangement, understanding or action, whether formal or informal, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition is void and attracts substantial penalties. Any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, or shares the market by way of geographical area or number of customers in the relevant market is presumed to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India and shall be void. Further, the Competition Act prohibits abuse of dominant position by any enterprise. If it is proved that the contravention committed by a company took place with the consent or connivance or is attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other officer of such company, that person shall be guilty of the contravention and liable to be punished. 

44 

The combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act require that the acquisition of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations which exceed any of the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds shall be mandatorily notified to and pre-approved by the CCI. Any breach of the provisions of the Competition Act by our Company may attract substantial monetary penalties. 

The Competition Act aims to, among other things, prohibit all agreements and transactions, which may have an appreciable adverse effect in India. Consequently, certain agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside of India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect in India. We are not currently party to any outstanding proceedings, nor have we ever received any notice in relation to non-compliance with the Competition Act. Any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI in future, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_47. Significant differences exist between Ind AS (“Indian Accounting Standards”) and other accounting principles, such as U.S. GAAP (“Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America”) and IFRS (“International Financial Reporting Standards”), which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

Our Restated Consolidated Financial Information for the six-month period ended September 30, 2024 and for Fiscals 2024, 2023 and 2022, have been prepared and presented in conformity with Ind AS. Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our financial statements were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our financial statements and consult their own professional advisors for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

# **_48. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us, our Directors or any of their directors and executive officers in India respectively, except by way of a law suit in India._** 

Our Company is a company incorporated under the laws of India and all of our Directors are located in India. Our Company’s assets, our Key Managerial Personnel and officers are also located in India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce judgments obtained against such parties outside India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if that court was of the view that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy, or if judgments are in breach or contrary to Indian law. In addition, a party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain approval from the RBI to execute such a judgment or to repatriate outside India any amounts recovered. 

Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 and Section 44A of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908. India is not party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, such as the United Kingdom, United Arab Emirates, Singapore and Hong Kong. To be enforceable, a judgment from a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements established in the Indian Code of Civil Procedure, 1908. The CPC only permits the enforcement and execution of monetary decrees in the reciprocating jurisdiction, not being any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India, including the United States, cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be directly enforceable in India. The party in whose favour a final foreign judgment in a non-reciprocating territory is rendered may bring a fresh suit in a competent court in India based on the final judgment within three years of obtaining such final judgment. However, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with the public policy in India. Further, there is no assurance that a suit brought in an Indian court in relation to a foreign judgment will be disposed of in a timely manner. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered, and we cannot assure that such approval will be forthcoming within a reasonable period of time, or at all, or that conditions of such approval would be acceptable. Such amount may also be subject to income tax in accordance with applicable law. 

45 

# **_49. Subsequent to the listing of the Equity Shares, we may be subject to surveillance measures, such as the Additional Surveillance Measures and the Graded Surveillance Measures by the Stock Exchanges in order to enhance the integrity of the market and safeguard the interest of investors._** 

Subsequent to the listing of the Equity Shares, we may be subject to Additional Surveillance Measures (“ **ASM** ”) and Graded Surveillance Measures (“ **GSM** ”) by the Stock Exchanges. These measures are in place to enhance the integrity of the market and safeguard the interest of investors. The criteria for shortlisting any security trading on the Stock Exchanges for ASM is based on objective criteria, which includes market-based parameters such as high low price variation, concentration of client accounts, close to close price variation, market capitalization, average daily trading volume and its change, and average delivery percentage, among others. Securities are subject to GSM when its price is not commensurate with the financial health and fundamentals of the issuer. Specific parameters for GSM include net worth, net fixed assets, price to earning ratio, market capitalization and price to book value, among others. Factors within and beyond our control may lead to our securities being subject to GSM or ASM. In the event our Equity Shares are subject to such surveillance measures implemented by any of the Stock Exchanges, we may be subject to certain additional restrictions in connection with trading of our Equity Shares such as limiting trading frequency (for example, trading either allowed once in a week or a month) or freezing of price on upper side of trading which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Equity Shares or may in general cause disruptions in the development of an active trading market for our Equity Shares. 

# **_50. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. The Offer Price, market capitalization to revenue multiple and price to earnings ratio based on the Offer Price of our Company, may not be indicative of the market price of the Company on listing or thereafter._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and after the Offer, an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares has been determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results, the public’s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and filings with the regulator, changes in senior managerial or key managerial personnel, changes in our shareholder base, changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

Consequently, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all. There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and our Equity Share price could fluctuate significantly because of market volatility. A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause investors to lose some or all their investment. 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined by the Company in consultation with the BRLM, on the basis of assessment of market demand for the Equity Shares offered through a book-building process, and certain quantitative and qualitative factors, including as set out in the section titled “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 90 and the Offer Price, multiples and ratios may not be indicative of the market price of the Company on listing or thereafter. The relevant financial parameters based on which the Price Band would be determined, shall be disclosed in the advertisement that would be issued for publication of the Price Band. 

The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, our competitors launching new products or superior products, COVID-19 related or similar situations, announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us, volatility in the securities markets in India and other jurisdictions, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

# **_51. We have issued Equity Shares during the preceding 12 months at prices that may be lower than the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that we will not issue Equity Shares in the future at a price lower than the Offer Price._** 

We have issued Equity Shares at prices that may be lower than the Offer Price in the last 12 months preceding the filing of this Red Herring Prospectus, by way of issuing bonus shares. For further details, see _“Capital Structure”_ on page 66. The price at which our Company has issued the Equity Shares in the past is not indicative of the price at 

46 

which they will be issued or traded. We cannot assure you that the Equity Shares to be issued in the future will be at or lower than the Offer Price. 

# **_52. Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale and the proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be paid to the Promoter Selling Shareholder._** 

The Offer comprises of an Offer for Sale aggregating to 14,910,500 Equity Shares of face value of ₹10 each by the Promoter Selling Shareholder. All Offer related expenses will be borne by our Company and the Promoter Selling Shareholder, on a proportional basis, in accordance with applicable law, including Section 28(3) of the Companies Act, 2013, other than the listing fees which will be solely borne by the Company. All expenses relating to the Offer shall be paid by the Company on behalf of the Promoter Selling Shareholder in the first instance, until the date of listing of equity shares. All expenses shall be deducted from the Offer proceeds and only the balance amount shall be paid to the Promoter Selling Shareholder in proportion to the Offered Shares. In the event the Offer is withdrawn or unsuccessful or if the Offer fails to open during the period of validity of the final observations issued by SEBI, the Promoter Selling Shareholder shall reimburse the Company for any expenses incurred by the Company on behalf of such Promoter Selling Shareholder as mutually agreed. 

# **_53. The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a listed company and have historically not been subjected to the compliance requirements and increased scrutiny of our affairs associated with being a listed company by shareholders, regulators, and the public at large. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance, and other expenses that we did not previously incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports of our business and financial conditions. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may be unable to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations or cash flows as promptly in comparison to the other listed companies. 

Furthermore, as a listed company, we will be required to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we may need to hire additional staff with appropriate experience and technical legal and accounting knowledge for our legal and accounting departments, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

# **_54. An investment in the Equity Shares is subject to general risks related to investments in Indian companies._** 

We are incorporated in India and a majority of our assets and employees are located in India. Consequently, our business, results of operations, financial condition and the market price of the Equity Shares will be affected by changes in interest rates in India, policies of the Government of India, including taxation policies along with policies relating to industry, political, social and economic developments affecting India. 

# **_55._** 

# **_The trading volume and market price of the Equity Shares of our Company may be volatile following the Offer._** 

The market price of the Equity Shares of our Company may fluctuate as a result of various factors, few of which are mentioned below, some of which are beyond our control: 

- (a) quarterly variations in our results of operations; 

- (b) results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

- (c) results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

- (d) changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research analysts and investors; 

- (e) a change in research analysts’ recommendations; 

- (f) announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments; 

- (g) announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

- (h) new laws and governmental regulations applicable to our industry; 

47 

- (i) additions or departures of key management personnel; 

- (j) changes in exchange rates; 

- (k) fluctuations in stock market prices and volume; and 

- (l) general economic and stock market conditions. 

Any changes in relation to any of the factors listed above could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares of our Company. 

# **_56. Any fluctuation in the exchange rates between Indian and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

Upon listing of our Equity Shares, they will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends with respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse development in currency exchange rates during the time taken for such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares outside India, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

# **_57. Investors may be subject to taxes arising out of capital gains on sale of Equity Shares in India._** 

Under the present Indian tax regime, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of Equity Shares in an Indian company is generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for more than 12 months may be subject to long-term capital gains tax in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as STT paid, the quantum of gains and any available treaty exemptions. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Further, any gain realized on the sale of our Equity Shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short-term capital gains tax in India. While non-residents may claim tax treaty benefits in relation to such capital gains income, generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s right to impose tax on capital gains arising from the sale of shares of an Indian company. 

The GoI has notified the Finance Act, 2020 (“ **Finance Act 2020** ”) which stipulates that the sale, transfer and issue of certain securities through exchanges, depositories or otherwise to be charged with stamp duty. The Finance Act 2020 also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of certain securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of certain securities, other than debentures, on a delivery basis is currently specified under the Finance Act 2020 at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. These amendments have come into effect from July 1, 2020. Under the Finance Act 2020, any dividends paid by an Indian company will be subject to tax in the hands of the shareholders at applicable rates. Such taxes will be withheld by the Indian company paying dividends. Further, the Finance Act, 2021, which followed, removed the requirement for DDT to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source pursuant to any corporate action including dividends. Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors and to carefully consider the potential tax consequences of owning Equity Shares. 

Further, the Government of India has enacted certain provisions under the Finance Act, 2024 with effect from April 1, 2024, pursuant to the announcement of the Union Budget for Financial Year 2025. The remaining provisions of the Finance Act, 2024 shall come into effect on the date that the Central Government may, by notification, appoint. The Finance Act, 2024 provides various amendments to the taxation laws in India. There is no certainty on the impact of the Finance Act, 2024 and any amendments made to it in the future, may have on our business operations or the industry in which we operate. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation, or implementation of any amendment to or change in governing laws, regulations or policies, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming and costly of us to resolve and may affect our ability to grow our business in the future. 

48 

# **_58. Investors may not be able to immediately sell the Equity Shares purchased in the Offer on any Indian Stock Exchange._** 

The Equity Shares of our Company will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the commencement of listing and trading of the Equity Shares. Investors’ demat accounts with the depository participants in India, are expected to be credited within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in the Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately two Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within three Working Days of the Bid/ Offer Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

# **_59. Any issuance of Equity Shares or convertible securities or other equity linked instruments by our Company in the future may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by shareholders holding significant shares may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares in the market._** 

We may, in the future, require refinancing the growth of our Company via future equity offerings in the market. Any future equity issuances by our Company, including a primary offering of Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares including through exercise of employee stock options, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us or sale of our Equity Shares by our shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares in the market, which may cause adverse implications including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. Additionally, any perception by investors that such issuances may occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. There is no assurance that we will not issue Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares or that our Shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

# **_60. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Foreign ownership of Indian securities is subject to Government regulation. Under the consolidated foreign direct investment policy (effective from October 15, 2020) (“ **FDI Policy** ”), the Government of India has prescribed specific requirements and conditionalities with respect to the level of foreign investment permitted in certain business sectors both without prior regulatory approval (the “ **Automatic Route** ”) and with prior regulatory approval (the “ **Approval Route** ”). Our Company is involved in brand retail sector which falls under the Approval Route. This may restrict our ability to raise capital in the future or in the ability of foreign investors to purchase Equity Shares of our Company. 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. 

In addition, pursuant to the Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, which has been incorporated as the proviso to Rule 6(a) of the FEMA Rules, all investments under the foreign direct investment route by entities of a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of the Equity Shares is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, can only be made through the Government approval route, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy dated October 15, 2020 and the FEMA Non-debt Rules. Further, in the event of transfer of ownership of any existing or future foreign direct investment in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial ownership falling within the aforesaid restriction/purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership will also require approval of the Government of India. 

We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any terms or at all. For further details, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 374. 

# **_61. Determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and the Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer. Further, the current market price of some_** 

49 

# **_securities listed pursuant to certain previous issues managed by the Book Running Lead Manager (“BRLM”) is below their respective issue prices._** 

The Price Band for the Offer is determined on the basis of various factors and assumptions, by our Company in consultation with the BRLM. Further, the Offer Price of the Equity Shares has been determined by our Company in consultation with the BRLM through the Book Building Process. These are based on various factors, including factors as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 90 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. 

Additionally, the current market price of securities listed pursuant to certain previous initial public offerings managed by the BRLM is below their respective issue price. For further details, see “ _Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Price information of past issues handled by the Book Running Lead Manager_ ” on page 345. The factors that may affect the market price of the Equity Shares include, broad market trends, financial performance and results of our Company post-listing, and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that an active market will develop, or continuous trading will take place in the Equity Shares or provide any assurance regarding the price at which the Equity Shares will be traded after listing. 

# **_62. Non-Institutional Bidders and Qualified Institutional Bidders (“QIBs”) are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid amount) at any stage after submitting a bid, and Retail Individual Bidders are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after Bid/Offer Closing Date._** 

In accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are required to block the Bid amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of equity shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Similarly, Retail Individual Bidders can revise or withdraw their Bids at any time during the Bid/Offer Period and until the Bid/ Offer Closing date, but not thereafter. While we are required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within three Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the investors’ decision to invest in the Offer, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. 

We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the investors’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. Therefore, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders will not be able to withdraw or lower their bids following adverse developments in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or otherwise between the dates of submission of their Bids and Allotment. 

# **_63. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction the investors are in does not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise preemption rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in us would be reduced. 

# **_64. Your ability to acquire and sell Equity Shares is restricted by the distribution and transfer restrictions set forth in this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

No actions have been taken to permit a public offering of the Equity Shares in any jurisdiction, other than India. As such, the Equity Shares of our Company have not and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act, any state securities laws, or the law of any jurisdiction other than India. Furthermore, the Equity Shares are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale. The investors are required to inform themselves about and observe these restrictions. We, our representatives, and our agents will not be obligated to recognize any acquisition, transfer or resale of the Equity Shares made other than in compliance with the restrictions set forth herein. 

50 

# **_65. A third party may be prevented from acquiring control of us post this Offer, pursuant to anti-takeover provisions under the Indian Law._** 

As a listed Company in India, there are provisions laid down under Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company. Under the Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company after completion of the Offer. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to our shareholders, such a takeover may not be attempted or consummated because of Takeover Regulations. 

# **_66. The rights of the shareholders of Companies under Indian law may be more restrictive compared to laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board of Directors, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and widespread as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder of our Company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

51 

