## **SECTION III: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider all of the information disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment decision in the Equity Shares. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Offer including the merits and the risks involved. If any of the risks described below or other risks that are currently not known or deemed immaterial actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects could be adversely affected, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline, and prospective investors may lose all or part of their investment. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or the Equity Shares, to the industries in which we operate or in India. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. Prospective investors in the Equity Shares should pay particular attention to the fact that we are subject to extensive regulatory environment that may differ significantly from one jurisdiction to other._ 

_We have described the risks and uncertainties that our management believes are material, but these risks and uncertainties may not be the only ones we face. Some risks may be unknown to us and other risks, currently believed to be immaterial, could be or become material. Prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with the other sections of this Red Herring Prospectus, in particular the sections entitled “Our Business”, “Industry Overview” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 156, 116 and 296, respectively, as well as the Restated Financial Statements included in the section entitled “Financial Information” on page 209. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in the Equity Shares._ 

_To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and results of operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus contains forward-looking statements, which refer to future events that involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, beyond our control, which may cause the actual results to differ materially from those anticipated, expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, please see the section entitled “ForwardLooking Statements” on page 23. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section. Unless otherwise stated, or the context otherwise requires, the financial information used in this section is derived from our Restated Financial Statements._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information for Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022 and for the three months ended June 30, 2022 included herein is derived from the Restated Financial Statements, included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Financial Information” beginning on page 209._ 

## **A. INTERNAL RISKS AND RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR BUSINESS** 

**_1. Our business is highly dependent on the banking sector in India to generate revenues, and any adverse development with respect to Indian banks that affects their utilisation of and demand for cash management services could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

The primary users of our cash management services are banks. Nearly all of our total revenue from operations were from customers in the banking sector in Fiscal Years  2020, 2021, 2022 and for the three months ended June 30, 2022, respectively. As a result, our business is both, directly and indirectly, dependent on the banking sector in India. The ability of banks to make expenditures on cash management services, offer cash management services to their business customers and continue to outsource cash management services depends on the performance of their own businesses, which can in turn be impacted by a number of factors, some of which are beyond their control, including changes in interest rates, the performance of the Indian economy, India’s GDP growth, inflation, the RBI’s monetary policies and GoI regulations, impact of COVID-19 on the Indian economy and the banking sector, domestic and international economic and political conditions, increased default and non-payment rates by borrowers and any financial difficulties they may have in relation to their commercial soundness due to their close credit, trading, clearing or other relationships they have with other financial institutions in India. For example, increased default and non-payment rates by customers and any financial difficulties they may have in servicing their obligations to the banks can impact the financial performance and, depending on the extent to which the bank’s customers default or fail to comply with their service 

31 

requirements, can impact the commercial soundness of the bank, which may negatively impact the bank’s operations, and the amount of customers it services, which can decrease the bank’s demand for our services. 

The ability of banks to sustain their financial performance and execute their growth strategies in light of these factors depends on, among other things, their ability to manage their expenditures, including with respect to cash management. Our banking sector operations comprise, amongst others, cash pick-up and delivery services on behalf of banks, network currency management, cash processing services, cash in transit services and currency chest operations. As a result of increase in nominal GDP, cash in circulation has increased. However, reduced movement of public during the lockdowns and reluctance to use cash in transactions led to less withdrawal of cash from ATMs in general. Recently, during the lockdowns imposed as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, several bank branches remained closed for public access for several days, and as a result, our services could not be availed. 

Any adverse developments that impact the businesses of banks could result in banks postponing or cancelling any planned expenditures with respect to cash management services they outsource or retail cash management services they provide, which in turn could result in decreased demand for our services. It could also result in increased competition for cash management and increased pricing pressure for the services we provide. Further, banks could decide to, or implement strategies or other risk management policies which require them to, distribute their outsourcing requirements to a broader range of third-party service providers, or to redistribute certain cash management service requirements between their existing third-party service providers or to different third-party service providers, which could adversely affect their demand for our services. 

Banks could also decide to develop their own cash management services infrastructure to save on third-party costs, reducing the amount of those services that they outsource to third-party suppliers, such as companies like us, or develop unified procurement platforms, which would enable them to negotiate with us as a single customer with increased market power. As a result, there can be no assurance that banks will continue to outsource their cash management services to the same extent or on the same terms they do now, or at all. Any adverse development with respect to the banking sector or the demand for the services that we provide directly or indirectly to the banking sector, or the ability of any particular bank to outsource cash management activities, either as a result of regulatory or other developments, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Further, under our current arrangements with banks, we either derive our fees on a fixed per-point basis or on volume of cash handled basis. Our transaction fees are determined through negotiations between us and our customers and could be reduced over time due to factors such as increased competition and lower demand for cash-based services and availability of other technology solutions. Further, under certain commercial arrangements with banks, such transaction fees are not automatically adjusted for increases in our costs, including due to inflation. 

Additionally, as new banking licenses for potential entrants to the banking industry are difficult to obtain in India, our customer pool may be limited, which could also have an adverse effect on our growth. In addition, banks may perceive our position as a leading cash management services company in India as a potential concentration risk to their business and operations, and may decide to, or implement strategies or other risk management policies which require them to reduce or limit the amount of cash management services they avail from us, and may also require them to distribute those services to other market participants or our competitors, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Further, some of our bank clients may curtail or stop offering cash management services to its business customers if they are unable to pass on the costs incurred by them towards availing services from outsourced service providers such as us, or for any other strategic or tactical reasons, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_2. We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from a limited number of customers. If one or more of our key customers were to suffer a deterioration in their business, cease doing business with us or substantially reduce its dealings with us, our revenues could decline, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

For Fiscal Years 2020, 2021, 2022 and for the three months ended June 30, 2022, our top three customers in terms of revenue contributed 45.10%, 39.80%, 43.10% and 39.44%, respectively, and our top five customers in terms of revenue 

32 

contributed  64.13%, 62.66%, 66.03% and 59.65%, respectively, in each case of our total revenue from our operations. Our largest customer in each period contributed 19.44%, 13.91%, 17.11% and 14.17%, in Fiscal Years 2020, 2021, 2022 and in the three months ended June 30, 2022 respectively. Accordingly, a significant percentage of our future revenues will be dependent upon the successful continuation of our relationships with these customers. 

The loss of any of our key customers, due to our inability to renew our contracts with them, or a decision by any one of them to reduce the services we provide to them would result in a decline in our revenues. Furthermore, if the financial condition of any of our key customers were to deteriorate in the future, or if one or more of our key customers were to close, reduce or consolidate their retail cash management networks, or choose not to undertake expansion plans, our revenues could be significantly affected. 

Further, we do not have long-term agreements with our customers and our contracts are subject to periodic renewal, usually between every one to three years. Some of our key customer contracts are subject to pricing renegotiations at the time of renewal and may also be terminated by any party by notice without cause. Our key customers may also elect not to renew their contracts with us upon expiration or following negotiations with us. In addition, even if our customers renew their contracts with us, the renewal terms may be less favorable to us than our current contracts with them. While there have been no instances of termination, modification or non-renewal of contracts by our key customers in the past three Fiscals, which has adversely impacted our financial results, if any of our key customers fail to renew their contract with us upon expiration, or if the renewal terms with any of them are less favorable to us than under our current contracts, it could result in a decline in our revenues from such customers, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. There can be no assurance that any of our key customers will renew their contracts with us upon expiration, or that any renewal terms will not be less favorable to us than our current contracts, and to the extent we are not able to renew our contracts with our key customers, there can also be no assurance that we will be able to find new customers of appropriate size or at all in the future to compensate for any key customers that we lose or that renew their contracts on less favorable terms. 

## **_3. A decrease in the availability or use of cash as the predominant mode of payment in India could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

Our business and results of operations are significantly dependent on the use of cash remaining the predominant mode of payment in India. In the three month period ended June 30, 2022 and each of Fiscal 2022, 2021 and Fiscal 2020, we derived ₹ 838.62 million (99.78%), ₹ 2,852.95 million (99.74%), ₹ 2,211.03 million (99.74%) and ₹ 2,459.84 million (99.08%) of our total revenues from operations relating to transport, handling or management of cash. The use of cash as the predominant method of payment in India has historically been driven primarily by consumer and retailer preferences for cash, and challenges related to cashless and other methods of non-cash payments, including limitations on the availability and security of such methods of payments and the additional surcharges and fees often levied for their use. However, the proliferation of payment options other than cash, including credit cards, debit cards, POS terminals, stored-value cards, UPI and mobile payments has increased significantly in India in recent years, and a continued shift in consumer trends in India with respect to the use of cashless payment methods could result in a significant reduction in the use of cash as a payment method. As per Frost & Sullivan, India is still highly reliant on cash as witnessed by the fact that of the total transactions made in the country, only 11% are non-cash related transactions, as of CY 2020. While digitalization attempts have resulted in an increase in card and UPI payments, cash payments are likely to continue to dominate, with 61 percent of transactions conducted via cash by Fiscal 2025. _(Source: Company Commissioned F&S Report)_ 

Promoting cashless payments has been a key part of the Government of India’s broader efforts to, among other things, to curtail the circulation of counterfeit Indian currency, and the RBI and the Government of India have publicly stated that they are undertaking initiatives to encourage greater adoption of electronic and cashless payment methods, which could reduce the amount of cash in circulation and the use of cash as the preferred mode of payment in India. In addition, the RBI has set out in its _“Payment and Settlement Systems in India: Vision 2019 – 2021”_ statement of May 15, 2019, that it is undertaking strategic initiatives to encourage greater adoption of cashless payment methods to empower every person in India with access to e-payment options through specific actions that seek to enable the payments ecosystem and infrastructure. In addition, other government initiatives, such as bank note demonetisation and the implementation of the Goods and Services Tax (“ **GST** ”), that drive further formalization of the Indian economy, may also indirectly drive shifts from cash payments to digital/non-cash payments by small businesses that may further impact the amount 

33 

of cash in circulation. Further, if the RBI introduces a digital currency in the future, it may also impact the amount of cash in circulation. 

In the event such government initiatives take effect and achieve what they set out to accomplish, or there is a shift in consumer trends in India with respect to the use of cashless payment methods or there is a decline in the use of cash as a mode of payment for any other reason, there may, for example, be a reduction in the amount of cash in circulation or less need for cash to be transported, which could result in our customers having less need for our cash management services. It could also result in a decline in the use of cash as a mode of payment in India. This would also adversely affect our future plans and strategies, which is largely linked to the volume of cash handled by us. Any such development would have an adverse effect on our business, decrease the demand for our cash management services, our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

## **_4. Our business is exposed to operational risks for which we have incurred and expect to continue to incur risk costs and penalties. Any material increase in these costs could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Given the large volumes of cash we handle, we are exposed to various operational risks, including armed robbery, endcustomer or third-party fraud, theft or embezzlement by employees or personnel hired by us on contract, reporting errors, both deliberate and inadvertent, and failure to meet specific requirements (e.g., reporting within a specified time period, etc.) under applicable service agreements for which we may incur penalty charges. 

In particular, we may be subject to cash lost in transit, as a result of, amongst others, theft, robbery, misappropriation, infidelity and embezzlement by employees or cash executives engaged by us on contract during transport. Below are the details of cash loss in transit for periods and insurance coverage for the respective periods: 

_(₹ in million)_ 

|**Particulars**|**Three months ended**<br>**June 30, 2022**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|**Fiscal 2020**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Cash lost in transit|25.41|18.85|26.96|25.16|
|Insurance<br>coverage<br>for<br>cash lost in transit|₹ 50 million per vehicle<br>per loss and ₹ 500<br>million per location per<br>loss. No upper limit.|₹ 50 million per<br>vehicle per loss<br>and<br>₹<br>500<br>million<br>per<br>location per loss.<br>No upper limit.|₹ 50 million per<br>vehicle per loss<br>and<br>₹<br>500<br>million<br>per<br>location per loss.<br>No upper limit.|₹ 50 million per<br>vehicle per loss and<br>₹ 500 million per<br>location per loss. No<br>upper limit.|
|Uninsured cash lost in<br>transit|-|-|Nil|Nil|



The insurance coverage ratio as on June 30, 2022 is 100%. We have not experienced any instances of uninsured losses for cash loss in transit or instances wherein the claims have exceeded the insurance coverage in respect of cash loss in transit for any of the three months ended June 30, 2022, Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 or Fiscal 2020. Though a significant portion of the aforesaid amounts would be covered through the insurance obtained by us, loss due to standard deductions for each claim and potential rejection of insurance claims could adversely affect our profitability. Instances such as those described above may also lead to termination of our services by the customer, as well as initiation of legal proceedings against us, which we have not witnessed in the last three years. Additionally, losses incurred by our customers may be required to be reimbursed by us in terms of the services agreements which we enter into. The amounts reimbursed by the Company in the three months ended June 30, 2022, Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 have been considered as part of the total cash lost in transit, as disclosed above. While we have not experienced any instances of our losses exceeding our insurance coverage in the past three years, the scope of our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover the resulting liability, and in such instances, the loss would have to be borne by us and our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial performance could be adversely affected. Moreover, loss claims for which insurance coverage is denied or which is in excess of the insurance coverage for single incidence or single location could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Further, we cannot assure you that we will be able to report claims for insurance within the specified time limit or in the manner prescribed in our insurance policies, and in such instances, we face the possibility of our claims being rejected. In addition, while we have not experienced any instances of rejection of our insurance renewal requests in the past three financial years, our 

34 

insurance coverage may expire from time to time, and while we apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, or at all. Further, our future insurance premiums may increase significantly because of high number of claims that we may make, or for any other reason such as increased risk perception of this industry by the insurers or re-insurers. Any such increase could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. For further details, please see “ _Our Business – Insurance_ ” on page 177. 

We also bear the risk of counterfeit note detection in respect of cash handled by us. Any failure to detect large volume of counterfeit notes could adversely affect our profitability. While the cost of counterfeit notes is factored into our pricing model, and repeat instances of counterfeit notes in a route or location gets escalated to the banks and leads to stoppage of coverage, we cannot assure you that such instances may not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

## **_5. Our business has significant expenses in relation to employee benefits. Any material increase in any of those expenses could affect our ability to competitively price our services, maintain or increase our profitability and results of operations._** 

Our performance, and in particular our margins, depends on our ability to deliver quality services to our customers at low cost. 

The salaries and wages of our employees are subject to wage inflation and other macroeconomic factors that can cause salaries and wages of our employees to increase. In addition, the salaries, wages and other benefits of our employees are regulated by government laws and regulations, which can change from time to time. The state governments revise the minimum wage rates for different scheduled employments on a regular basis, typically every six months, and the GoI is currently considering a change in the regime pertaining to the minimum wage for workers across all sectors, which could impact the salaries, wages and bonuses we pay to our workforce. The Union Cabinet of the GoI has approved the Code on Wages Bill 2019, which was passed by both houses of the Parliament and assented to by the President of India in 2019. The GoI has already brought into force the provisions relating to the Central Advisory Board on minimum wages under the Code on Wages, 2019 (“ **Wages Code** ”), and the remaining provisions will be implemented as and when notified in the Official Gazette by the GoI. The Wages Code allows the GoI shall fix a ‘floor wage’ taking into account the minimum living standards of a worker, and there may be different floor wages for different geographical areas. The respective state governments would be required to at least match such ‘floor wage’. Accordingly, there may be an increase in our employee benefit expense in respect of our employees and service and security charges payable by us in respect of personnel provided to us by our third-party service providers. 

In addition, as of July 31, 2022, approximately 5.00% of our employees were unionized and covered by collective bargaining agreements. For these employees and personnel, we typically negotiate wages and benefits through our negotiations with trade union under long-term collective bargaining agreements. There can be no assurance that any future long-term settlement agreements will be on terms that are favourable to our Company, or more favourable to our Company than its current long-term settlement agreements or that our labour union will comply with the terms of any long-term settlement agreements reached, even in circumstances where we comply with our obligations under the relevant long-term settlement agreement. Further, if our relationships with our employees or union deteriorate, we may experience significant labour unrest, strikes or other labour action and work stoppages, which can increase our labour costs and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. If we are unable to pass on any or all costs and expenses that may arise with respect to our employees, cash executives on contract and thirdparty service providers to our customers in a timely manner, our total expenses could increase significantly, reducing our overall profitability. Further, the contracts we enter into with our customer do not contain price escalation clauses, as a result of which we are faced with risks in relation to inflation. In addition, we may in the future purchase and/or lease cash vans with debt financing from third-party financial institutions, the terms of which are subject to negotiation with the financial institutions, and generally include interest payable on the borrowed amount. Any increases in interest rates will increase the cost of our borrowings where we have not fixed the interest rate. We cannot be certain that we will be able to secure financing on favourable terms, or at all, in respect of any cash van acquisition costs, or that the interest rates applicable to any such financing will not increase. Any decrease in our ability to obtain third-party debt financing for our business, or any increase in interest rates, can materially and adversely affect our ability to expand our business and service our debt facilities. Any adverse developments with respect to costs and expenses associated with 

35 

our fleet of cash vans could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

## **_6. The COVID-19 pandemic has had and continues to have adverse effects on the business, its operations and financial condition. The impact of the pandemic cannot be predicted, and the future remains uncertain._** 

The COVID-19 pandemic has created unique global and industry-wide challenges, including challenges to many aspects of our business. The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted most countries, including India, and resulted in quarantines, travel restrictions, limitations on social or public gatherings, and the temporary closure of business venues. The pandemic has resulted in substantial volatility in global financial markets, increased unemployment and operational challenges, such as the temporary closures of businesses, sheltering-in-place directives and increased remote work protocols, which have significantly slowed down economic activity. These have all contributed to negative economic impact on the Indian economy and consequently on our business and operations. 

The demand for our services and the services of our customers has been significantly impacted as a result of COVID19. For example, the total number of end-users declined from 3,014 in Fiscal 2020 to 2,469 for Fiscal 2021, while the total number of touch points serviced declined from 47,270 in Fiscal 2020 to 42,420 for Fiscal 2021. Further, our average daily volume of cash moved from all customers in Fiscal 2021 declined to ₹ 3,649 million from ₹ 4,303 million in Fiscal 2020 and the annual cash movement declined from ₹ 1,290,773 million for Fiscal 2020 to ₹ 912,216 million for Fiscal 2021. Our Company as a frontline business is exposed to lockdowns, economic disruptions and loss of lives for our employees and our contract personnel. The long-term trajectory of the COVID-19 pandemic and the effects of mutations in the virus, both in terms of scope and intensity of the pandemic, together with their impact on our industry and the broader economy, are still difficult to assess or predict and pose ongoing and significant uncertainties that will be difficult to quantify. If the situation worsens in India, or if there is not a material recovery in the Indian economy, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

The reduced economic activity in India that has resulted from the COVID-19 crisis and, in particular, the lockdowns and other restrictive measures that have been imposed by the GoI and state governments in India, has adversely impacted our business activities. A large part of the costs that we incur to run our business are fixed and cannot be scaled down quickly. To the extent that the COVID-19 pandemic worsens or there are further waves of the virus of the future, we could suffer financial losses, which could adversely affect our business and profitability. For example, further lockdowns or regulatory restrictions due to COVID-19 in the future could disrupt or cause a decline in our cash management business, and we may not be able to recoup our investments. In addition, banks could delay cash management and other services that we provide to them as a result of future waves of the COVID-19 virus, and we may also not be able to carry out certain contracts due to future lockdowns or other restrictions, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Although cash services were declared as essential services during the COVID-19 pandemic and remained functional throughout this period, the lockdown, including shutdown of public transportation, hampered our business and field operations. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has affected, and may continue to affect, our business, results of operations and financial condition in a number of ways, such as: 

- Reluctance to use cash in transactions owing to fear of transmission of infection through the bank notes, and therefore significantly lower volume of cash to be handled by us; 

- the reduction in demand for and usage of our cash management services, including especially our cash pick-up, door-step banking and cash in transit services, as a result of closure of all major non-essential organised retail stores; 

- adverse effects to our growth rates and on profitability, particularly if our operating expenses do not decrease at the same pace as revenue declines; we may not be able to decrease our expenses significantly in the short-term, or we may choose not to significantly reduce them in an effort to remain focused on long-term outlook and investment opportunities; 

- uncertainty regarding the conditions that must be satisfied before government authorities completely lift “stay-athome” orders and further impose orders as a result of resurgence of COVID-19; 

- potential negative impact of the health and safety of our personnel, particularly because a number of them were and could in future be afflicted by COVID-19, which could result in a deterioration in our ability to ensure business continuity during this disruption; and 

36 

- the rapid shift to remote working and social distancing created inherent operational, productivity, connectivity and oversight challenges and accordingly, the changed environment under which we are operating could have an adverse effect on our internal controls over financial reporting, our ability to ensure business continuity during this disruption, our ability to meet a number of our compliance requirements in a timely manner, and the operations of our customers and other third parties. 

Further, as a result of the detection of evolving variants such as ‘Omicron variant’ and subsequent waves of COVID-19 infections throughout the world, we may be subject to further lockdowns or other restrictions in the rest of Fiscal 2023 and subsequent years, which may adversely affect our business operations. Given the uncertainty relating to the severity of the near-term and long-term adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global and national economy and financial markets, we are unable to accurately predict the near-term or long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our businesses but remain subject to a risk that it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Please see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Factors Affecting our Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Developments in relation to the COVID-19 pandemic_ ” on page 302, for more information on the COVID-19 impact on our results of operations. 

The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business and results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, such as new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus, the actions taken globally to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact and vaccine distribution and effectiveness rates. Further, the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, operations and financial performance may be difficult to predict and may vary significantly from that estimated by our management from time to time, and any action to contain or mitigate such effect, whether government-mandated or opted by us, may not have the anticipated impact, or may fail to achieve its intended purpose altogether. 

**_7. We may not be able to improve the levels of growth, and our historical performance may not be indicative of our future growth or financial results, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We have experienced significant growth in recent years, with our revenue from operations growing by 29.04% to ₹ 2,860.35 million in Fiscal 2022 from ₹ 2,216.72 million in Fiscal 2021. As lockdowns in response to the COVID-19 pandemic eased in India towards the end of May 2020, all of our business segments started recovering in the third and fourth quarters of Fiscal 2021, however, the accelerated growth of our business stemming from the effects of the COVID19 pandemic may not continue in the future. Our ability to continue improving the levels of growth faces a number of challenges, including, increased competition, slowing demand for our services from existing and new customers, transaction volume and mix, lower sales by our end users (particularly those from whom we derive significant volumes), general economic conditions, a failure by us to continue capitalizing on growth opportunities, changes in the regulatory environment and the maturation of our business, among others. If our growth rate declines, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected. 

Our future commercial and financial successes also depend on our ability to successfully execute our growth strategies, including capitalising on growth in key end-user sectors, improving the share of Value Added Services (VAS) and network currency management services in our revenue mix, targeting direct end-users and increasing market share from local/ unorganised players in cash van operations. For example, if we fail to achieve desired route density, we may incur losses in such routes as the revenue per point we charge is less than the total route cost. We are exploring and will continue to explore new business initiatives, including in industries and markets in which we have limited or no experience, as well as new business models that may be untested. Developing new business initiatives requires significant investments of time and resources, and may present new and difficult technological, operational and compliance challenges. 

**_8. The currency demonetisation measures imposed by the GoI in November 2016 had a significant impact on the Indian economy and cash circulation in India and there is uncertainty whether similar unanticipated measures could be adopted by the GoI in the future. Similar measures, if implemented in the future, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

37 

On November 8, 2016, the GoI withdrew the legal tender of ₹500 and ₹1,000 denominations of bank notes. Pursuant to this currency demonetisation, these high denomination notes could no longer be used for transactions (except in few notified sectors for a short period of time) or exchange purposes and consequently had no value. These notes were replaced with a new series of bank notes of ₹500 and ₹2,000 denominations through banks. In an effort to monitor replacement of demonetised notes, the GoI had initially specified limits for exchange and withdrawal of currency all over India. The process of demonetisation and replacement of these high denomination notes significantly reduced the liquidity of cash in the Indian economy, a predominantly cash-based economy. This was particularly the case in rural and semi-urban regions of India, which are more remote and farthest away from supplies of the new bank notes and where bank branch penetration are at their lowest. The cash management industry, together with our Company, were significantly impacted by this, as the circulation of cash decreased following demonetisation. Further, during this time our retail cash management services business was severely impacted, as the demand of our retail customers for our services decreased significantly following demonetisation. This however did not adversely impact our results of operations for the respective period and for subsequent periods, as the Company’s services were availed by our clients for transportation of the new currency notes as well as demonetized notes; moreover, our operations recovered upon a gradual increase in the availability of cash in circulation. 

While demonetization had a significant impact on cash in circulation, the release of pent-up demand after remonetization, wealth redistribution, and lower lending rates, led to a v-shaped recovery of the total cash in circulation, which has since then almost doubled (in Fiscal 2021) ( _Source: Company Commissioned F&S Report_ ); there can be no assurance that the GoI will not institute similar measures in the future. For example, the GoI has proposed various measures to accelerate India’s transition to a cashless economy, including a ban on cash transactions over ₹200,000, tax incentives for creation of a cashless infrastructure, promoting greater usage of non-cash modes of payments, and making Aadhaar-based payments more widespread. Any decrease in cash in circulation or slowdown in the Indian economy, the cash management industry or our business as a result of demonetisation or any similar future measures by the GoI could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. 

## **_9. If we do not continue to invest in new technologies and equipment, our technologies and equipment may become obsolete and our costs may increase relative to our competitors, which may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our operations are dependent on the effectiveness of our technological platform and security measures and the ability to handle and process large volumes of cash on a daily basis and in a timely manner to provide a seamless experience to our clients. 

The financial services industry is characterized by rapid technological evolution, changes in customer requirements and preferences, frequent introduction of new services and products embodying new technologies, and the emergence of new industry standards and practices. To remain competitive, we must continue to stay abreast of the constantly evolving industry trends and to enhance and improve the responsiveness, security functionality and features of our services. In order to attract and retain customers, we must continue to invest in software development to enhance our information technology and improve our existing services. While we have not encountered such instances in the past three years, if we are unable to keep up with such changes could render our existing technologies and systems obsolete. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to identify, develop, acquire or license leading technologies useful in our business, and respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices in a cost-effective and timely way. The development of mobile applications and other proprietary technology entails significant technical and business risks. There can be no assurance that we will be able to use new technologies effectively or adapt our mobile applications, proprietary technologies and systems to meet customer requirements or emerging industry standards. While we have not encountered such instances in the past three years, if we are unable to adapt in a cost-effective and timely manner in response to changing market conditions or customer preferences, whether for technical, legal, financial or other reasons, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 

## **_10. Failures of our information technology systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

The success of our businesses depends in part upon our ability to effectively deploy, implement and use information technology systems and advanced technology initiatives in a cost effective and timely basis. Our information technology systems include multiple applications and other systems that allocate resources, and plan daily routes and facilitate 

38 

internal and external communications, enabling us to coordinate and make quick decisions across our business. Our information technology systems also rely on, and interact with, information technology systems of our customers and end-users. While we have not encountered any material disruptions to or breaches of our information technology systems in the past three years, which have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition if we experience disruptions or other problems with our information technology systems, or in connection with the interaction between our information technology systems and those of our customers or other third parties, such as telephone or information technology infrastructure failure, cyber security or other external security breaches, viruses and other disruptive events, or that result from events beyond our control, such as fire, natural disasters, unauthorized entry, power loss, telecommunications failure, computer viruses, terrorist acts and war, our ability to service our customers, and conduct and manage our business, as well as our reputation with our customers, could be adversely affected, and we could lose customer contracts and business and incur significant remedial costs, penalties and expenses, each of which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. While we have not encountered any instances of data breach to our IT systems in the past three years, we maintain regular monitoring of our systems, including periodic security review by our internal teams as well as periodic security audit by our clients. 

In addition, our ability to grow our business and improve the efficiency of our operations requires us to implement new information technology systems and integrate new businesses into our information technology systems. Any information technology systems, infrastructure or processes that we rely on for the delivery of our services may not perform satisfactorily or may not be suitable for any new business we acquire. In addition, we may not have the ability or capacity to adapt our information system technologies, including our customer service platforms, for any new business, increase in scale of operations, changing user requirements or emerging trends and industry standards or government regulations. While we have not encountered any material adverse situations with our information technology systems in the past three years, if we do not effectively manage our information technology systems, in a timely and cost-effective manner, we may experience disruption to our business and our ability to deliver value to our customers may decrease, and as a result, our expenses may increase, our margins may decrease, and our cash flows and results of operations may also be adversely affected. There can be no assurances that we will successfully be able to implement or adopt new information technology systems or integrate new businesses into our information technology systems without disruptions to our operations. 

Further, our customers undertake periodic audit of our information technology systems and may provide additional compliance requirements or security requirements for our systems, which are addressed by us on an ongoing basis. While we have not received any material adverse remark in such audit reports in the past three years, such additional requirements may require us to overhaul our IT systems substantially or require us to expend significant resources in ensuring compliance. While we have not encountered any instances of penalties or termination of contracts in the past three years on account of such audit requirements, if we fail to implement the recommendations of security audits, we may be subjected to penalties or termination of contracts by our clients. 

We cannot be certain that any measures we have taken to prevent system failures will be successful or that we will not experience service interruptions. We may also come under additional regulatory scrutiny or be the target of enforcement actions or suffer monetary losses or adverse reputation effects. All of these may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_11. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders._** 

We have entered into various transactions with related parties, including for the lease of a large number of our cash vans from related parties. In Fiscal  2020, 2021 and 2022 and in the three months ended June 30, 2022, the aggregate amount of such related party transactions in the nature of expenses (excluding KMPs, advances given and repaid and dividend paid), was ₹ 418.88 million, ₹ 440.81 million, ₹ 493.38 million and 138.59 million, respectively, being 20.79%, 24.61%, 21.00% and 21.72%, respectively, of the total expenses for the respective period. We hire guards and drivers on a contractual basis through our group company, RPFPL, and have entered into an agreement dated April 1, 2019, with RPFPL, for deployment of security under the overall superintendence of our guards or security personnel. Further, we primarily lease our vans on a long term or ad hoc basis from RPFPL. The details of the summary of our related party transactions (including with RPFPL) are provided below: 

39 

_(in ₹ million)_ 

|**Particulars**|**Three months**<br>**ended on June**<br>**30, 2022**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|**Fiscal 2020**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Summary of Transactions**|||||
|Transactions with Related parties (excluding<br>remunerationtoKMP)|138.60|493.66|442.51|420.18|
|Remuneration to KMP (Short term Employee<br>benefits)|5.90|23.60|23.60|38.41|
|Advances given|-|38.48|265.17|13.48|
|Advances repaid|-|(39.67)|(263.98)|(13.48)|
|Issue / (Buy back of shares)|-|-|(250.00)|-|
|Dividend Paid|-|250.00|-|177.33|
|**Summary of Balance receivable from/ (payable**<br>**to) the related parties **|||||
|Remuneration payable|(1.35)|(1.30)|(0.04)|(1.81)|
|Advances receivable|-|-|1.19|0.17|
|Other receivables|-|-|-|-|
|Expenses payable|(0.14)|(7.73)|(21.41)|(7.80)|
|Dividend payable|-|-|-|-|
|Rental Deposits|7.00|7.00|7.00|-|
|Interestreceivable|-|-|3.82|2.54|



For details of the related party transactions and as reported in the Restated Financial Information, please see the section entitled _“Financial Information – Related Party Disclosure – Note (33)”_ beginning on page 279. 

While we believe that all such transactions during the periods of financial information included in this Red Herring Prospectus have been conducted on an arm’s length basis and contain commercially reasonable terms, we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. It is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. We cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, even if entered into at arms-length terms, will always be in the best interests of our shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

## **_12. We are exposed to various security risks that may originate from within our Company, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. The insurance coverage provided for protection against these risks may not be adequate._** 

By virtue of the nature of our industry and being in the business of handling large volumes of cash, we are exposed to various security risks and crimes that may originate from within our Company, such as cash- in-transit losses, reporting errors (both deliberate and inadvertent) and theft, embezzlement, fraud and other forms of malpractice by our employees and personnel provided to us by our independent contractors. In the Fiscal Years 2020, 2021, 2022 and in the three months ended June 30, 2022, there were 13, 4, 6 and 15, instances of cash embezzlement by our employees or cash executives on contract, respectively, involving an aggregate amount of ₹ 17.35 million, ₹ 14.17 million, 6.10 million and ₹ 23.47 million, respectively. Against this, we were able to recover insurance claims of ₹ 0.28 million, ₹ 1.81 million, 1.78 million and Nil, respectively as of Fiscal Years  2020, 2021, 2022 and in the three months ended June 30, 2022. In addition, the Company has been able to recover ₹  5.87 million, ₹ 1.03 million, 0.31 million and 7.67 million, respectively from the employees and cash executives, of Fiscal Years 2020, 2021, 2022 and in the three months ended June 30, 2022, representing,  35.45%, 20.04%, 34.26% and 32.68%, of the total amount of cash embezzled respectively. Further, the Company continues to be in the process of recovery of further amounts from employees and cash executives for the above periods. Further, other instances of cash embezzlement by our employees cash executives on contract, may not be detected. As a result, our operations depend substantially on the integrity of our employees and cash executives on contract, and the reliability and effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures, including the background checks, police verification and existing employee referral system followed by us. In the course of our screening and background check process when hiring personnel, we may be supplied with false or incomplete background information, or 

40 

information which may be difficult for us and others to verify. These situations expose us to risk of thefts, robberies, fraud and other forms of malpractice from our employees and cash executives on contract. For details in relation to the outstanding criminal proceedings initiated by our Company resulting out of instances of fraud, theft, robbery, etc., please see the section entitled “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments – Litigation involving our Company_ ” on page 327. 

Our employees and cash executives on contract may siphon off cash during currency deliveries. However, our internal controls and risk management processes may not be sufficient to detect any shortfalls in cash immediately, in particular where the parties responsible for the shortfall utilises counterfeit or methods of fraud. In addition, the longer a shortfall goes undetected, the lower our ability to detect the shortfall, further limiting our ability to take remedial and investigative action to protect ourselves from any losses that may arise from such activity. To the extent that it is not possible for us to recover a shortfall in cash, including from the responsible person or persons or insurance coverage, our reputation, business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. Further, any delay in identifying any misappropriation may reduce our ability to recover the missing cash and result in our incurrence of additional expenses in connection with associated legal proceedings. 

We typically have contractual obligations with our clients and, subject to certain conditions, are ultimately liable for the reimbursement or replenishment of any shortfall however caused. Such liability is ordinarily required to be reimbursed immediately irrespective of the time taken for detection. In addition, to the extent we are not able to recover the shortfall, the scope of our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover the resulting liability, there may be a delay in the settlement of any claim by our insurance providers and, our cost of future insurance coverage could increase significantly, which in either case could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

To the extent that we suffer loss or damage for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, and which is not covered by insurance, exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial performance could be adversely affected. For further details, please see _“Our Business – Insurance”_ on page 177. 

## **_13. Our Company maintains a significant amount of cash within the Company and at our vault locations and this is subject to the risk of criminal attacks of various types by third parties, including armed robbery, theft and fraud or other events, including natural disasters._** 

By virtue of the nature of our industry and handling large volumes of cash, we are exposed to various security risks and crimes including armed robbery, theft, fraud, embezzlement and other forms of illegal conduct. As a result, our operations, our employees, cash executives on contract and personnel provided to us by third party service providers are exposed to the risk of criminal attacks of various types by third parties. 

Criminal attacks against our business can range from attacks by armed individuals at drop-off and pick-up points, in transit, or while cash is being carried outside of our cash vans or branches or in vault / safe / strong room locations, which can result in the death or serious bodily harm to our employees, cash executives on contract and personnel provided to us by our third-party service providers or even bystanders, to third parties gaining access or being given access to our facilities or vaults and taking cash. Criminal attacks against our business may also involve cyber-attacks against our information technology systems, including our enterprise resource planning system and our operations software modules, which could result in, among other things, significant disruption of our operations. To protect our operations and employees, we procure security services from our group company, RPFPL, who are subject to certain requirements and standards stipulated by the Ministry of Home Affairs and the relevant state governments from time to time. To the extent the security measures we procure are not sufficient to protect our business and our employees, cash executives on contract and the personnel provided to us by our third-party service providers, we may need to substantially increase the amount we spend on procuring security services and implementing other security measures, which could negatively affect our margins. Such criminal attacks may reduce our customers’ confidence in our services and result in negative publicity even though we may not be at fault for the attack. 

**_14. Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations in the industries in which the end users operate and lower income in a peak season may have a disproportionate effect on our results of operations._** 

41 

Our end users are e-commerce companies, retail chains, NBFCs, insurance firms, ecommerce logistics players, railways and retail petroleum distribution outlets. Many of these industries are seasonal in nature with higher volumes of sales happening during festivals, such as Holi, Dusshera, Diwali, Eid-ul-Fitr or Christmas or particular times of the year, leading to higher volumes of cash transactions and consequently, higher revenues for our Company. 

Our fixed costs such as lease rentals, employee salaries, insurance costs and logistics-related expenses, which form a significant portion of operating costs, are relatively constant throughout the year. Consequently, lower than expected volumes during any quarter of the Fiscal or more pronounced seasonal variations in sales in our end users’ respective industries in the future could have a disproportionate impact on our operating results for the fiscal year or could strain our resources and impair our cash flows. Any slowdown in demand for our services during peak seasons or failure by us to accurately anticipate and prepare for such seasonal fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

## **_15. We operate in highly competitive markets and may be unable to respond effectively to developments in those markets._** 

We face competition and pricing pressures from competitors using similar pricing models in the markets in which we operate. While our industry has consolidated over the years, it still has a number of industry participants, and is subject to competition, including in respect of pricing of services. We have experienced periods of increased competition from our competitors and other players in the market attempting to increase their market share. The industry in which we operate is undergoing a maturing and consolidation process driven primarily by the RBI operating standards and customer preference to work with large and reliable service providers, resulting in consolidation among existing industry participants as well as among customers. As this process continues, some of our competitors may consolidate or merge with large domestic or international competitors with more resources than us, which could further increase the competition we face to sell our services. To the extent that our competitors utilise those resources or other means to introduce new services or utilise improved technologies to gain further efficiencies, it may be more difficult for us to sell our services and compete effectively, which could result in us losing business or customers to competitors. Similarly, consolidation among our customers and potential customers may significantly increase their negotiation power and ability to require terms of service that are more favourable to them, including in respect of price. Any of these developments could result in further competition for cash management services under increased pricing pressures. In order to be able to compete under these circumstances, we might be required to implement costly restructurings or capital investments or reduce our prices, which may reduce our margins, and we cannot assure you that we will have the resources to undertake such measures, or that any such measures will be successful. If our market share decreases, or our customers move their business to our competitors, as a result of market developments, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

## **_16. To fulfil our operations and contracts, we procure services from our group company, RPFPL, a regulated security service provider, whose personnel may carry and handle firearms and ammunition. Any misuse or contravention of laws or policies relating to firearms by such personnel may adversely affect our reputation and expose us to potential liabilities._** 

To fulfil our operations and contracts, we procure security services (which includes a crew of armoured vans, armed guards and drivers) from our group company, RPFPL, a regulated security service provider. Such armed guards, are licensed to carry and operate firearms. In connection with procuring these services, RPFPL, its employees and persons contracted by RPFPL must have special licenses in order to provide these services and to carry firearms and ammunition. Their weapons must also be registered, and there are, for example, legal requirements for storing weapons when they are not in use as well as limitations on the type of ammunition and weapons that can be used. While we have not encountered any instance of accidental misuse of fire arms by such contractual service providers in the past three years, we do not control RPFPL or personnel provided by RPFPL, we could be exposed to direct or indirect liability (including vicariously) or suffer reputational damage in the event of misuse or contravention of laws or policies by RPFPL or personnel provided by RPFPL, including as a result of any customer, employee, member of the public or other persons being injured or killed through the misuse of firearms or ammunition, which may have an adverse effect on our reputation and expose us to liabilities, resulting in an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

Further, while we do not have a formal outsourcing policy, related party transactions are reviewed by our Audit Committee and Board in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act and the rules made thereunder and are carried out on arms’ length basis. 

42 

**_17. We may not be able to collect receivables due from our clients, in a timely manner, or at all, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

There may be delays in the collection of receivables, from our customers. As of June 30, 2022, March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021, and March 31, 2020, ₹ 0.53 million, ₹ 17.81 million, ₹ 14.40 million, and ₹ 18.00 million, respectively, had been outstanding for a period exceeding six months from their respective due dates. For further details, see “ _Financial Information_ ” on page 209. Our ability to recover dues from our clients is dependent on a variety of factors, including some beyond our control, such as financial health of the customer, macroeconomic conditions, regulatory directives and seasonal variations in recoveries by clients. We cannot assure you that we will be able to collect our receivables in time or at all which may have an adverse effect on our cash flows, business, results of operations and financial condition. Other than during the COVID-19, when we experienced certain disruptions in our operations due to nation wide lockdown imposed by the Government, including in collection of receivables, we have not experienced any significant disruptions to our business or operations in the past three years which have had adversely affected our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. However, there can be no assurance that future disruptions including macroeconomic shocks will not hamper our ability to collect receivables in a timely manner. 

As of the three months ended June 30, 2022, March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020, below are the dues from clients and the periods for which these have been outstanding: 

|||**June 30, 2022**<br>||_(₹ i_<br>|_n million, except per_<br>**March 31, 2022**<br>|_centage data)_<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Gross**<br>**carrying**<br>**amount**|**Weighted**<br>**average loss rate**|**Loss**<br>**allowance**|**Gross**<br>**carrying**<br>**amount**|**Weighted**<br>**average loss rate**|**Loss**<br>**allowance**|
|<90 days|805.21|0.99%|7.97|719.77|0.73%|5.24|
|90 to 180 days|99.75|0.55%|0.55|54.30|1.12%|0.61|
|181 to 365 days|0.53|2.93%|0.02|17.81|4.18%|0.74|
|>365 days|13.60|100.00%|13.60|13.60|100.00%|13.60|
|**Total**|919.09||22.14|805.48|-|20.19|



|||**March 31, 2021**<br>|||**March 31, 2020**<br>||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Gross**<br>**carrying**<br>**amount**|**Weighted**<br>**average loss rate**|**Loss**<br>**allowance**|**Gross**<br>**carrying**<br>**amount**|**Weighted**<br>**average loss rate**|**Loss**<br>**allowance**|
|<90 days|630.74|0.80%|5.04|<br>423.84|1.98%|8.40|
|90 to 180 days|62.06|0.98%|0.61|<br>107.64|2.14%|2.30|
|181 to 365 days|14.40|5.17%|0.74|<br>18.00|11.65%|2.10|
|>365 days|13.60|100.00%|13.60|<br>13.60|100.00%|13.60|
|**Total**|**720.80**||**19.99**|<br>**563.08**||**26.40**|



For further details, refer to the section “ _Restated Financial Information –Note 37 – Risk Management_ ” on page 283. 

In addition, we may, at times, be required to claim additional payments from our clients for additional work and costs incurred in excess of the contract price or amounts not included in the contract price. However, our clients may interpret such additional work and costs restrictively and dispute our claims, resulting in lengthy arbitration, litigation or other dispute resolution proceedings, which we cannot assure that we can recover adequately. Further, we may incur substantial costs in collecting against our debtors and such costs may not be recovered in full or at all from the clients. We require significant working capital requirements in our business operations and such delayed collection of 

43 

receivables or inadequate recovery on our claims could materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

While we also believe that we maintain good relationships with our clients, we cannot assure you that we will not experience future disruptions to our operations and results due to legal disputes or other problems with our clients which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

## **_18. We face difficulties and incur additional expenses in operating in certain regions in India where infrastructure may be limited which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

As we operate in tier 2 and tier 3+ towns and cities, we may enter or be present in certain markets that may have limited or unreliable infrastructure, particularly for IT and road transportation. We may incur additional costs and encounter obstacles in operating in those markets due to the limited or unreliable infrastructure, particularly with respect to procuring adequate security measures and enhancing information technology systems, as well as having access to adequate road transportation and utilities, such as electricity. There can be no assurance that offering or providing services in such regions is, will remain, or will be profitable or advantageous to our operations, or that there will be constant or increasing demand for our services in such regions, or that any opportunities we currently perceive in such regions will develop or be realised by us. The costs of providing services in remote regions, which can be high, may exceed the potential revenues that may be earned from offering services in those regions, particularly if migration from rural areas to urban areas continues or increases. In addition, by directing resources to offering services in such regions, we may not be able to direct sufficient resources to other, more profitable or strategically beneficial business opportunities, such as in urban areas. Further, we may incur additional expenses and costs to procure additional insurance policies to mitigate the risks of operating in areas where there may be increased security concerns. To the extent we are required to incur more costs and expenses than originally envisioned or are unable to expand our network or increase the amount of services we provide in these areas in the manner we desire, our margins decrease, or there are unanticipated difficulties in hiring appropriately trained or suitable personnel in the region or servicing customer requirements in the region, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

## **_19. There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company. These proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and enquiry officers. Such proceedings could divert management time and attention, and consume financial resources in their defence. Further, an adverse judgment in some of these proceedings could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

A summary of the outstanding proceedings against our Company, Directors and Promoters, as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus, to the extent quantifiable, have been set out below: 

|**Name of Entity**|**Criminal**<br>**proceedings**|**Tax**<br>**proceedings**|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions by the**<br>**SEBI or Stock**<br>**Exchanges**<br>**against our**<br>**Promoters**<sup>**#**</sup>|**Statutory or**<br>**regulatory**<br>**proceedings**|**Material civil**<br>**litigation**|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**<br>**involved (₹ in**<br>**million)**<sup>*****</sup>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Company**|||||||
|By the Company|60<sup>**</sup>|N.A|N.A|Nil|1|Criminal -<br>126.80<sup>**</sup><br>Civil-35.74|
|Against the Company|Nil|3|N.A|Nil|Nil|9.62|
|**Directors**|||||||
|By the Directors|Nil|N.A|N.A|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against the Directors|Nil|Nil|N.A|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|**Promoters**|||||||
|By the Promoters|Nil|N.A|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against the Promoters|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|



_#This is in the last five years, including outstanding action._ 

_*To the extent quantifiable._ 

44 

_** As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has filed 46 criminal complaints pertaining to matters relating to fraud, theft, robbery, misappropriation, misconduct, and extortion, pending at the FIR stage and have not culminated into criminal proceedings, involving an aggregate amount of ₹66.84 million approximately. Further, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has instituted 14  criminal complaints which have progressed from the FIR stage and corresponding charge sheets have been filed, which are currently outstanding, involving an aggregate of ₹59.96 million approximately. Such matters are pending at various stages of adjudication, however, the Company has recovered many of these amounts through insurance claims._ 

Further, except for an amount of ₹ 0.84 million pertaining to a disputed service tax matter (against which an amount of ₹ 0.084 million has been deposited in protest) and an Income Tax related matter for an amount of ₹ 75.37 million, our Company did not have any contingent liabilities as on June 30, 2022. Our total contingent liabilities as of June 30, 2022 was ₹  76.21 million, which as a percentage of our net worth as of June 30, 2022 was  4.91%. For further details of the contingent liabilities, please see “ _Restated Financial Information – Note 34 – Contingent Liabilities_ ” on page 280. 

For further details, please see the section entitled “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” beginning on page 327. 

We cannot provide assurance that these legal proceedings will be decided in our favour. Decisions in such proceedings adverse to our interests may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_20. The Promoter Group does not include Mr. John Devasahayam, brother of Col. David Devasahayam, or any entity in which he may have an interest._** 

The Promoter Group does not include Mr. John Devasahayam, brother of Col. David Devasahayam, or any entity in which he may be interested, in accordance with the requirements of the applicable provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Mr. John Devasahayam has never been a shareholder of the Company, or been a director of the Company or an employee of the Company or been involved in the management of the Company at any point in time since its incorporation. We have not been able to obtain any information or undertakings from Mr. John Devasahayam, or any entity in which he may have an interest, as the case may be, as is customarily obtained in offerings in the nature of the Offer, for the purposes of disclosure in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Our Company has received an exemption from SEBI under Regulation 300(1)(c) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, from identifying and disclosing, Mr. John Devasahayam and any details regarding or pertaining to Mr. John Devasahayam, as member of Promoter Group, and from disclosing information and confirmations regarding him and from such entities, as required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations. As such, this Red Herring Prospectus does not contain any information or undertakings in relation to Mr. John Devasahayam, or an entity in which he may have an interest. 

**_21. We are dependent on a number of key managerial personnel, including senior management, and the loss of or inability to attract or retain such persons with specialized technical know-how could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

Our performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our senior management team, other key personnel and the performance and productivity of our operational managers. Our senior management consists of a diverse group of experienced and qualified professionals and any loss of these individuals could result in a loss of their respective industry knowledge and expertise. The input and experience of our senior management and Key Management Personnel are also important to the future development of our business and our business strategy. We have not experienced any attrition in our KMPs in the past three financial years and three months ended June 30, 2022. Further, with the exception of Mr. Ajay Mittal, a nominee of Ascent Capital, who resigned from directorship of our Company due to pre-existing commitments within Ascent Capital and was replaced by Mr. A P Vasanthakumar, we have not experienced any resignations among our Directors in the past three financial years. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain these employees or, to the extent they leave our Company, find adequate replacements for them in a timely manner, or at all. We may also require a long period of time to identify potential candidates, and recruit and train personnel when skilled personnel cease employment with us. Further, the market for qualified personnel with relevant industry expertise in India is competitive. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting and retaining skilled employees that our business requires. The loss of the services of any or a group of our key personnel could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, there is a 

45 

limited number of people with the requisite skills and industry experience required to manage complex, and significant, business operations such as ours. If we are unable to recruit sufficient personnel with the necessary skills and industry expertise, our ability to manage our operations may be adversely affected, which may result in decreased customer satisfaction with our services, decreased revenues and adverse effects to our results of operations. 

**_22. Any failure to obtain, renew and maintain requisite statutory and regulatory permits, licenses and approvals for our operations from time to time may adversely affect our business._** 

We are required to maintain certain licenses, approvals, permits and registrations in order to undertake our business activities. We require such permissions in order to operate various of our branches and offices in India and must apply for renewals of such permissions from time to time, as required. For example, we are required to maintain labour licenses under various applicable central and state labour laws in force in India for our employees and also various shops and establishments registrations under the applicable provisions of the shops and establishments legislation of relevant states for our offices. While we have applied for certain licenses under both the respective legislations and rules made thereunder, notified by the central government and adopted with such modifications as deemed necessary by the respective state governments, applicable to us in certain locations in which we operate, some may also be subject to intermittent applications for renewal. We cannot assure that we will be able to obtain such licenses in time and will not be subject to any penalty. For details of the approvals required by our Company in the ordinary course of our business, see “ _Government and other Approvals_ ” on page 331. 

In addition, in the ordinary course of our business, we may apply for renewal of any relevant licenses, approvals, permits and registrations that may have expired. There can be no assurance that the relevant authorities will grant the required permissions or renew the expired licenses and approvals in the anticipated timeframe, on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. Further, our branches may be inspected by various local, state level and central government authorities, who may, after such inspections, instruct us to comply with specific guidelines, impose penalties or even cancel our licenses. Additionally, our failure to comply with the terms and conditions to which such licenses, approvals, permits or registrations are subject or to renew, obtain or maintain the required licenses, approvals, permits or registrations may result in an interruption of our operations and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_23. Our inability to meet our obligations, including financial and other covenants under our debt financing arrangements could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

As of June 30, 2022, our total borrowings were ₹ 255.40 million. Our ability to repay our outstanding borrowings and meet our debt service obligations will depend primarily on the cash generated by our business. 

Our financing agreements all contain certain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to undertake certain types of transactions, any of which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. We may be required to obtain an approval from our lenders for, among other things: 

- effecting any change in the capital structure; 

- undertaking any merger, demerger, consolidation, reorganization, scheme of arrangement or compromise; 

- • prepaying loans; 

- declaring dividends; 

- change in the composition of the Board; 

- creating any charges, lien or encumbrances over our assets; 

- changing the ownership pattern or management structure of our Company of effecting any material changes in the management of the business; and 

- making amendments to the Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association. 

Under these agreements, certain of the lenders also have the right to, _inter alia_ , impose penal and default interests, accelerate the maturity of our obligations and declare all amounts payable in respect of the facility to be due and payable immediately or otherwise on demand in the event of a default. Further, under the terms of our current agreements and any future agreements we enter into, any downgrading of the credit rating of our Company by a credit rating agency, any reduction in profits beyond a certain percentage or any adverse comment from the statutory auditors of our Company 

46 

may qualify as an event of default under the relevant financing agreements. If we breach any financial or other covenants contained in any of our current or future financing arrangements, we may be required to immediately repay our borrowings either in whole or in part, together with any related costs. Our Company has obtained approvals from its lenders for the purposes of the Offer, as applicable. 

We cannot assure you that, in the event that any of our lenders exercise their contractual rights against under any of the financing agreements, we will have sufficient resources to repay the borrowings or take any of the other demanded actions or actions we are contractually obligated to take. In addition, certain of our financing arrangements contain cross default provisions which could automatically be triggered by defaults under other financing arrangements. We may be forced to sell some or all of our assets if we do not have sufficient funds or credit facilities to make repayments. Additionally, because some of our borrowings are secured against all or a portion of our assets, lenders may be able to sell those assets to enforce their claims for repayment. Our failure to meet our obligations under the debt financing agreements could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Our Company has also provided performance guarantees to various clients, assuring performance by us, of obligations owed under our contracts. If we commit a default under a contract which we have guaranteed, there is a risk that the client may enforce its rights against our Company under the terms of the performance guarantee, which may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

For more information on our borrowings, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation_ ” on page 296. Our failure to meet our obligations under the debt financing agreements could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

## **_24. Negative publicity about our name or brand could lead to a loss of revenues or profitability._** 

The services that we provide to banks and other customers form a critical function of their businesses, and accordingly, trust and reliability are of utmost importance. As a result, our reputation for delivering quality services that they can rely on is a key factor to the success of our business and our long-term relationships with many of our customers. For example, if we are associated with actual or perceived breaches of conduct, such as theft, embezzlement, fraud, unethical behaviour or reporting errors, and such behaviour is made public and publicised, our brand and reputation could be adversely affected, resulting in us losing the trust of and business from our current customers or opportunities for business from new customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, ability to retain and increase market share, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition, the nature of our operations exposes us to the risk of additional public scrutiny and, in the event of material breach, as per the terms of our contracts, our customers have the right to publicize our name. As a result, any actual or perceived breaches of conduct, such as theft, embezzlement, fraud, unethical behaviour or reporting errors may receive significant and unfavourable publicity, which may adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers and consequently our business and financial condition. There can be no assurance that we will not be mentioned in any negative publicity in the future, or that we will not suffer any reputational damage as a result of being mentioned in any such publicity. 

## **_25. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act, 2013. For details of dividend paid by our Company in the past three fiscals and in the current fiscal until the date of this RHP, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 208. However, in the future, we may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. Accordingly, realization of a gain on Shareholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. 

47 

**_26. We have certain contingent liabilities that may affect our financial condition._** 

As of June 30, 2022, our contingent liabilities were ₹ 76.21 million. In the event, that these contingent liabilities materialise, our results of operations and financial condition may be affected. 

As of June 30, 2022, we had the following contingent liabilities: 

|||_(in ₹ million)_|
|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**As of June 30, 2022**||
|Income Tax related matters(excludinginterest)||75.37|
|Service tax related matter(excludinginterest)*||0.84|
|**Total**||76.21|



_*against which ₹ 0.084 million paid on May 13, 2019, under dispute and included in other non-current assets_ 

For details, see “ _Financial Statements – Note 34 – Contingent Liabilities_ ” on page 280. 

## **_27. If we are unable to establish and maintain an effective system of internal controls and compliances our business and reputation could be adversely affected._** 

We manage regulatory compliance by monitoring and evaluating our internal controls, and ensuring that we are in compliances with all relevant statutory and regulatory requirements. However, any inability on our part to adequately detect, rectify any deficiencies in our internal controls may adversely impact our ability to accurately report, or successfully manage, our financial risks and to avoid frauds. There can be no assurance that deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise in future, or that we will be able to implement, or continue to maintain, adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any deficiencies in our internal control. For instance, due to a practical difficulty in filling the casual vacancy created by the resignation of the statutory auditors of our Company, there was a delay in holding the annual general meeting for the financial year ended March 31, 2015. As a result, our Company and our officers in default were found to have violated the provisions of Section 96 of the Companies Act, 2013. For compounding the violation, our Company and our Directors filed an application before the Registrar of Companies, Tamil Nadu at Chennai. The division bench of the National Company Law Tribunal, Chennai, Tamil Nadu disposed of the application by way of an order dated April 10, 2019, and imposed penalties of ₹ 0.10 million on the Company and ₹ 0.05 million each on the directors of the Company who were in default. Further, in 2020, we made delayed filings of certain e-form filings with the RoC in relation to buy-back of securities. For compounding the aforesaid delay and violation of Section 68(11) of the Companies Act, 2013, our Company filed an application before the Regional Director, Southern Region, Chennai, Tamil Nadu and the matter has been compounded vide an order dated November 18, 2021 and the compounding fees have been paid by the Company and its Directors, as directed in the compounding order. As we continue to grow, there can be no assurance that there will be no instances of non-compliances with statutory requirements, which may subject us to regulatory action, including monetary penalties, which may adversely affect our business and reputation. 

**_28. Our Promoters will continue to be our largest shareholders and will have the right to approve certain corporate actions, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with our equity shareholders._** 

Following the completion of the Offer, our Promoters will continue to hold a large portion of our outstanding Equity Shares, and therefore will have the ability to significantly influence our operations. Our Promoters will also have significant influence on actions at Board and at shareholders’ meetings, including the issue of Equity Shares and dividend payments, business plans, mergers and acquisitions, any consolidation or joint venture arrangements, any amendment to our Memorandum and Articles of Association, and any assignment. This concentration of ownership may also delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of the Promoters. Further, the Promoters’ shareholding may limit the ability of a third party to acquire control of our Company. While the Promoters will seek to act in the best interests of the Company, we cannot assure you that they will not have conflicts of interest with other shareholders or with our Company. Any such conflict may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy or to operate our business. 

In addition, our Promoters may, after the expiry of any lock in periods in respect of any of their Equity Shares, divest all or part of its stake in our Company after completion of the Offer, or may cease to hold a controlling stake in our Company. In such circumstances, our Company may not continue to be managed and operated in accordance with 

48 

current management or operations, and we will not have the benefit of our Promoters’ industry expertise and business acumen, which may have an adverse effect on our operations, profitability, and results of operations. 

**_29. Our Company will not receive the entire proceeds from the Offer. The Selling Shareholders are selling Equity Shares in the Offer and will receive proceeds as part of the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer includes an Offer for Sale of up to 33,125,000 Equity Shares, in the aggregate, by the Selling Shareholders. Our Company will not receive any proceeds of the Offer for Sale by the Selling Shareholders. The expenses of the Selling Shareholders will be borne by our Company and each Selling Shareholder in proportion to the Equity Shares issued by our Company under the Fresh Issue and the Equity Shares offered by the Selling Shareholders pursuant to the Offer for Sale. For details, please see the section entitled “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 92. 

## **_30. We do not own the land or premises for our offices, including for our Registered Office and Corporate Office, which are held by us on lease. Such leases may be terminated or not renewed on commercially acceptable terms, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

As of June 30, 2022, we had 20 offices, including our Registered Office and Corporate Office, all of which are currently obtained on a leasehold basis. For further information, please see “ _Our Business – Property_ ” on page 178. Upon expiration of the agreements for such premises, we will be required to negotiate the terms and conditions on which the lease agreements may be renewed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to renew such agreements on commercially reasonable terms, in a timely manner, or at all. 

Termination of our leases may occur for reasons beyond our control. If we or our current or future landlords breach the lease agreements, we may have to relocate to alternative premises or shut down our operations at those sites. Relocation of any part of our operations may cause disruptions to our business and may require significant expenditure. We cannot assure you that in such a case, we will be able to find suitable premises on commercially reasonable terms in a timely manner, if at all, or we may have to pay significantly higher rent or incur additional expenses toward installing necessary furniture, fittings, fixtures, and security systems. Occurrence of any of these may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_31. We have commissioned and paid for an industry report from Frost & Sullivan specifically for the purpose of the Offer, which have been used for industry related data in this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

We have commissioned and paid Frost & Sullivan to produce an industry report. Frost & Sullivan has provided us with a report titled “ _Assessment of Cash Logistics Market in India_ ”, dated October 6, 2021 and subsequently updated on February 11, 2022 and November 17, 2022, which has been used for industry-related data disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus. The commissioned report also highlights certain industry and market data, which may be subject to assumptions. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industries that we service, and methodologies and assumptions vary widely among different industry sources. Further, such assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that Frost & Sullivan’s assumptions are correct or will not change and, accordingly, our position in the market may differ, favourably or unfavourably, from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. The report uses certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. Accordingly, investors should read the industryrelated disclosure in this Red Herring Prospectus in this context. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. While industry sources take due care and caution while preparing their reports, they do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the data. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decisions solely on such information. For further information, please see the sections entitled “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 116 and “ _Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Industry and Market Data_ ” on page 20. 

**_32. Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or any other independent agency and our management will have broad discretion over the use of the Net Proceeds._** 

49 

We intend to utilise the Net Proceeds of the Offer as set forth in the section entitled “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 92. The funding requirements mentioned for the objects of the Offer are based on internal management estimates in view of past expenditure and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. They are based on current conditions and is subject to change in light of changes in external circumstances, costs, other financial conditions or business strategies. 

The exact amounts that will be utilised from the Net Proceeds towards the stated objects will depend upon our business plans, market conditions, our Board’s analysis of economic trends and business requirements, competitive landscape, as well as general factors affecting our results of operations, financial condition and access to capital. Our internal management estimates may exceed fair market value or the value that would have been determined by third party appraisals, which may require us to reschedule or reallocate our project and capital expenditure and may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For further details, please see the section entitled “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 92. 

Various risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in this section, may limit or delay our efforts to use the Net Proceeds to achieve profitable growth in our business. We may also use funds for future businesses which may have risks significantly different from what we currently face or may expect. Further, we may not be able to attract personnel with sufficient skills or sufficiently train our personnel to manage our expansion plans. Accordingly, use of the Net Proceeds for other purposes identified by our management may not result in actual growth of our business, increased profitability or an increase in the value of our business and your investment. 

Further, pending utilization of Net Proceeds towards the objects of the Offer, our Company will have to deposit the Net Proceeds temporarily in deposits with one or more scheduled commercial banks included in Second Schedule of Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934, in a manner as may be approved by our Board. Accordingly, prospective investors in the Offer will need to rely upon our management’s judgment with respect to the use of Net Proceeds. 

## **_33. Any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds or in the terms of any contract as disclosed in the Red Herring Prospectus would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval._** 

We propose to utilise the Net Proceeds for capital expenditure requirements to the tune of ₹ 254.80 million and for working capital purposes to the tune of ₹ 200.00 million, and for general corporate purposes. 

For further information of the proposed objects of the Offer, please see the section entitled “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 92. At this stage, we cannot determine with any certainty if we would require the Net Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. In accordance with Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds or in the terms of any contract as disclosed in the Red Herring Prospectus without obtaining the shareholders’ approval through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the shareholders’ approval in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such shareholders’ approval may adversely affect our business or operations. 

Further, our Promoters or controlling shareholders would be required to provide an exit opportunity to the shareholders who do not agree with our proposal to change the objects of the Offer or vary the terms of such contracts, at a price and manner as prescribed by SEBI. Additionally, the requirement on Promoters or controlling shareholders to provide an exit opportunity to such dissenting shareholders may deter the Promoters or controlling shareholders from agreeing to the variation of the proposed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. Further, we cannot assure you that the Promoters or the controlling shareholders of our Company will have adequate resources at their disposal at all times to enable them to provide an exit opportunity at the price prescribed by SEBI. 

In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake variation of objects of the Offer to use any unutilized proceeds of the Fresh Issue, if any, or vary the terms of any contract referred to in the Red Herring Prospectus, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our Company’s ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilised portion of Net Proceeds, if any, or varying the terms of contract, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

50 

**_34. Our Promoter, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel, are interested in our Company’s performance in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Our Promoters, certain Directors and certain of our Key Managerial Personnel are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, and such interests are to the extent of their, their relative’s shareholding in our Company, payment of dividend or distributions thereon. For the payments that are made by our Company to related parties, please see “ _Financial Information –Note 33 – Related party disclosures_ ” on page 279. Although our Directors (including the Promoters) and Key Managerial Personnel shall act in good faith in order to promote the objects of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole, and in the best interests of the company, its employees, the shareholders, by virtue of having a majority shareholding, as a whole, they may take or block actions with respect to our business which may conflict with the interests of minority shareholders. We cannot assure you that our Promoters, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel will exercise their rights to the benefit and best interest of our Company. For further details, please see the sections entitled “ _Capital Structure_ ”, “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” and “ _Our Management_ ” on pages 79, 202 and 186, respectively. Further, Ascent Capital has transferred 36,45,121 Equity Shares held by them to Col. David Devasahayam, without any additional consideration on February 1, 2022 pursuant to the third amendment agreement dated October 8, 2021 to the Investment Agreement. The Investment Agreement was further amended on June 22, 2022 and September 9, 2022 to extent the Long Stop Date from June 30, 2022 to September 30, 2022 which was subsequently extended to December 31, 2022, respectively.  For further details, please refer to the section entitled _“Capital Structure - History of build-up of Promoters’ and Selling  Shareholders’ shareholding and lock-in of Promoters’ shareholding including Promoters’ contribution”_ on page 78. In the event the initial public offering is not consummated before the IPO Long Stop Date i.e December 31, 2022, the transferred shares shall be reversed to Ascent Capital. For further details please see the section entitled “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters – Material Agreements_ ” on page 172. 

**_35. Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance like EBITDA and EBITDA margin have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. These non-GAAP financial measures are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS and may not be comparable._** 

Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance like EBITDA, EBITDA margin, net worth, return on net worth, net asset value per Equity Share and debt equity ratio, have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. We compute and disclose such non-GAAP financial measures and such other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance. These non-GAAP financial measures and other statistical and other information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures and statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other companies and are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. 

## **B. EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

**_36. A slowdown in economic growth in India or global economic instability could result in an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We currently operate primarily in India, which is generally viewed as a jurisdiction with a developing economy, that may not have as firmly established legal and regulatory systems as other countries, and are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the overall performance of the Indian economy, the GDP growth rate in India and the economic cycle in India. In prior periods, India experienced a slowdown in economic growth due to a variety of factors, including the COVID-19 pandemic, unsustainably high current account deficit, capital outflows and consequent exchange rate pressures. Despite the recent signs of an economic turnaround in the Indian economy, there is no assurance that growth will not slow down again or that inflation will not increase further in the future. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect our business and our customers and contractual counterparties, especially if such a slowdown were to be continued and prolonged. In periods of high rates of inflation, our operating expenses may increase which could have an adverse effect on our cash flows and results of operations. 

51 

Generally, economic growth in India is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports (oil and oil products), global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our services may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional or global economies, as during these periods there may be less cash in circulation and less cash-based transactions, which can reduce the demand for our services. Any decrease in the demand for our services may adversely affect our revenue, margins, cash flows and results of operations. 

Further, in light of the increasing linkage of the Indian economy to other global economies, the Indian economy is increasingly influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Global slowdown of the financial markets and economies has in the past contributed to weakness in the Indian financial and economic environment. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located in other countries, including India. These economies could be adversely affected by various factors, such as political and regulatory changes including adverse changes in liberalisation policies, social disturbances, religious or communal tensions, terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war, natural calamities, interest rates, commodity and energy prices and various other factors. The global credit markets have continued to experience significant volatility in recent years, which have had, and may continue to have, a significant adverse effect on the availability of credit and the confidence of the financial markets, globally as well as in India. The global economic downturn led to an increased level of consumer delinquencies, lack of consumer confidence, decreased market valuations and liquidity, increased market volatility and a widespread reduction of business activity generally. 

The resulting economic pressure and dampened consumer sentiment may adversely affect our business and our results of operations. A recession in the United States and other countries in the developed world and a slowdown in economic growth in markets such as China could also have an adverse effect on economic growth in India, which could in turn adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Other specific country risks that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations are: 

- political instability, riots or other forms of civil disturbance or violence; 

- war, terrorism, invasion, rebellion or revolution; 

- government interventions, including expropriation or nationalisation of assets, increased protectionism and the introduction of tariffs or subsidies; 

- changing fiscal and regulatory regimes; 

- arbitrary or inconsistent government action; 

- inflation in local economies; 

- cancellation, nullification or unenforceability of contractual rights; and 

- underdeveloped industrial and economic infrastructure. 

Additionally, changes in investment policies or shifts in the prevailing political climate in any of the countries in which we operate, or seek to operate, could result in the introduction of changes to Government regulations with respect to: 

- price controls; 

- export and import controls; 

- income and other taxes; 

- foreign ownership restrictions; 

- foreign exchange and currency controls; and 

- labor and welfare benefit policies. 

Unexpected changes in these policies or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors 

52 

of the Indian economy or certain regions in India, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. 

## **_37. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market countries in Asia. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur again and could harm our business, our future financial performance and the prices of the Equity Shares. 

## **_38. It may not be possible for you to enforce any judgment obtained outside India against us, our management or any of our respective affiliates in India, except by way of a suit in India on such judgment._** 

Our Company is incorporated under the laws of India. All of our assets are located in India and all of our Directors and Key Management Personnel are residents of India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce against judgments obtained in courts outside India. Moreover, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with Indian public policy. 

India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions, which includes, the United Kingdom, Singapore, UAE and Hong Kong. A judgment from certain specified courts located in a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Civil Code. 

The United Kingdom, Singapore, UAE and Hong Kong have been declared by the Government of India to be reciprocating territories for purposes of Section 44A of the Civil Code. A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit on the judgment under Section 13 of the Civil Code, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the Civil Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated on except (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case, (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable, (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice, (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the Civil Code, a court in India shall, on the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. The Civil Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. 

However, the party in whose favour such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States or other such jurisdiction within three years of obtaining such final judgment. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Moreover, it is unlikely that an Indian court will award damages to the extent awarded in a final judgment rendered outside India if it believes that the amount of damages awarded were excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered. 

53 

**_39. If there is any change in taxation laws, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects._** 

Changes to Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Ordinance, 2019, a new tax ordinance issued by India’s Ministry of Finance on September 20, 2019, prescribed certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this ordinance, companies can voluntarily opt in favour of a concessional tax. Any future amendments to the concessional regime may affect our other benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax-free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities, tribunals or courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment, service tax and GST that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate of interest with effect from July 1, 2017. In addition, the tax consequences of the General Anti-Avoidance Rules (“ **GAAR** ”), which came into effect from April 1, 2017, being applied to an arrangement could result in denial of tax benefit amongst other consequences. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is uncertain and may or may not have an adverse tax impact on us. As a result, any such changes or interpretations could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects. Further, the Finance Act, 2019 stipulates any sale, transfer and issue of securities through exchanges, depositories or otherwise to be charged with stamp duty. The Finance Act, 2019 has also clarified that the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our business and operations. 

Further, the Government of India has announced the union budget for the Fiscal 2023, pursuant to which the Finance Bill, 2022 (“ **Finance Bill** ”) has introduced various amendments. The Finance Bill has received assent from the President of India on March 30, 2022, and has been enacted as the Finance Act, 2022 (“ **Finance Act** ”). We have not fully determined the impact of these recent and proposed laws and regulations on our business. We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and prospects. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. 

We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

## **_40. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may differ from those under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be similar to the shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

**_41. Any downgrading of India’s sovereign debt rating by an international rating agency could have a negative impact on our business, financial performance and results of operations._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the capital markets may depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating was revised in October 2021 from Baa3 with a “negative” outlook to Baa3 with a “stable” outlook by Moody’s, and from BBB- with a “negative” outlook (Fitch) in June 2020 to BBB- with a “stable” outlook in June 2022; and from BBB with a “negative” outlook to BBB (low) with a “stable” outlook by DBRS in May 2022. India’s sovereign 

54 

ratings from S&P is BBB-with a “stable” outlook. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings by international rating agencies may adversely affect our ratings or terms on which we are able to raise additional finances or refinance any existing indebtedness. This may have an adverse impact on our business and financial performance, shareholders equity and the price of Equity shares. 

**_42. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our services at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our customers and our profits might decline._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of transportation, wages, raw materials and other expenses relevant to our business. High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to pass on to our customers, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, certain of our contracts with customers are for multiple years, particularly with respect to our remote monitoring business, where prices are fixed and we may become exposed to margin pressure in a high inflation environment since our input costs related to wages, materials, utilities and other expenses may go up while the revenue we generate from these contracts remains constant on a fixed price basis. With respect to other contracts, we may also not be able to reduce our costs or increase the prices of our services at a proportional rate in order to pass the increase in costs on to our customers. In such cases, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. Further, the GoI has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

**_43. Political instability or a significant change in the Government’s economic liberalisation and deregulation policies could adversely affect our business and the price of our Equity Shares._** 

Our business and customers are located in India, and we currently derive all of our revenues from operations in India and all of our assets are located in India. Consequently, our performance, market price and liquidity of our Equity Shares may be affected by changes in control, government policies, taxation, social, instability, civil unrest and other political and economic developments affecting India. The GoI has traditionally exercised, and continues to exercise, significant influence over many aspects of the economy. Government policies could adversely affect business and economic conditions in India, as well as our ability to implement our strategy and our future financial performance. Our business is also impacted by regulations and conditions in the various states in India where we operate. 

Since 1991, successive Indian governments have pursued policies of economic liberalisation. The current GoI has announced that its general intention is to continue India’s current economic and financial sector liberalisation and deregulation policies, including significantly relaxing restrictions on the private sector and encouraging the development of the Indian financial sector. However, there can be no assurance that such policies will be continued. A significant change in the GoI’s policies could result in an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The rate of economic liberalisation could change and specific laws and policies affecting foreign investment, currency exchange and other matters affecting investment in our securities could change as well. Any significant change in India’s economic liberalisation and deregulation policies could adversely affect business and economic conditions in India generally and our business in particular. 

**_44. We may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, as amended (“ **Competition Act** ”), regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India. Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition is considered void and may result in the imposition of substantial monetary penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or provision of services, shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner by way of allocation of geographical area, type of goods or services or number of customers in the relevant market or in any other similar way or directly or indirectly results in bid- rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition. The Competition Act also 

55 

prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. If it is proved that the contravention committed by a company took place with the consent or connivance or is attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other officer of such company, that person shall be also guilty of the contravention and may be punished. 

On March 4, 2011, the GoI issued and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to and pre-approved by the Competition Commission of India (“CCI”). Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued the _Competition Commission of India (Procedure in regard to the transaction of business relating to combinations) Regulations, 2011,_ as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. The Competition Act aims to, among other things, prohibit all agreements and transactions which may have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. 

The applicability or interpretation of the Competition Act to any merger, amalgamation or acquisition proposed or undertaken by us, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by CCI for alleged violation of provisions of the Competition Act may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operation. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain approval for any future acquisitions on satisfactory terms, or at all. If we are affected directly or indirectly by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act or any proceedings initiated by the CCI or any other relevant authority (or any other claim by any other party under the Competition Act) or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution under the Competition Act, including by way of financial penalties, our reputation may also be materially and adversely affected. 

## **_45. Our ability to raise foreign capital may be constrained by Indian Law. The foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

As an Indian company, we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies, including those specified under the Foreign Exchange Management Act (the “ **FEMA** ”) and the rules thereunder. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources for our projects under development and hence could constrain our ability to obtain financing on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. Additionally, we cannot assure you that any required regulatory approvals for borrowing in foreign currencies will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. Further, limitations on foreign debt may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Foreign ownership of Indian securities is subject to Government regulation. Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions), if they comply with the pricing and reporting requirements specified under applicable laws. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and does not fall under any of the exceptions specified under such applicable laws, then prior regulatory or government approval is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no- objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. As provided in the foreign exchange controls currently in effect in India, the RBI has provided that the price at which the Equity Shares are transferred be calculated in accordance with internationally accepted pricing methodology for the valuation of shares at an arm’s length basis, and a higher (or lower, as applicable) price per share may not be permitted. Further, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020 issued by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade and the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Amendment Rules, 2020, which came into effect from April 22, 2020, any investment, subscription, purchase or sale of equity instruments by entities of a country which shares a land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, will require prior approval of the Government of India, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy and the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-Debt Instrument) Rules, 2019. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular term or at all. For further details, please see the section entitled “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 375. 

56 

# **C. RISKS RELATING TO THE EQUITY SHARES AND THIS OFFER** 

## **_46. The trading volume and market price of the Equity Shares may be volatile following the Offer._** 

The market price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate as a result of, among other things, the following factors, some of which are beyond our control: 

- quarterly variations in our results of operations; 

- results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

- results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

- changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research analysts and investors; 

- a change in research analysts’ recommendations; 

- announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments; 

- announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

- new laws and governmental regulations applicable to our industry; 

- additions or departures of key management personnel; 

- changes in exchange rates; 

- fluctuations in stock market prices and volume; and 

- general economic and stock market conditions. 

Changes in relation to any of the factors listed above could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_47. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 102 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

**_48. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and the Offer may not result in an active or liquid market for the Equity Shares. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and the investors may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the stock exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India and volatility in the Stock Exchanges and securities markets elsewhere in the world. 

## **_49. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. 

A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for more than 12 months may be subject to long term capital gains tax in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as STT is paid, the quantum of gains and any available treaty exemptions. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of STT, on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. 

57 

Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

Further, the Finance Act, 2022, which received the assent of the President of India on March 30, 2022, has, among other things, provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime. There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2022 may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act, 2022 would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. For instance, the Supreme Court of India has in a decision clarified the components of basic wages which need to be considered by companies while making provident fund payments, which resulted in an increase in the provident fund payments to be made by companies. Any such decisions in future or any further changes in interpretation of laws may have an impact on our results of operations. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

Our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_50. Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited with the Equity Shares within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately six Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise any delay in commencing trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

**_51. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked instruments by us may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering of Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares including through exercise of employee stock options, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us or sales of our Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that we will not issue Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares or that our Shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

58 

**_52. QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after the submission of their Bid, and Retail Individual Bidders are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after closure of the Bid/ Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Bidders can revise their Bids during the Bid/ Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until the Bid/ Offer Closing Date. While we are required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the investors’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Investors’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

**_53. Investors may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction the investors are in, does not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our Company filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless our Company makes such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in our Company would be reduced. 

**_54. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as US GAAP and IFRS, which may be material to investors' assessments of our financial condition._** 

The Restated Consolidated Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus have been prepared in accordance with Ind AS. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS financial statements, which are restated as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

## **_55. The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and audited / unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the 

59 

effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

## **_56. Compliance with provisions of Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act may affect payments on the Equity Shares._** 

The U.S. ‘Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act’ (or “ **FATCA** ”) imposes a new reporting regime and potentially imposes a 30% withholding tax on certain ‘foreign passthru payments’ made by certain non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries). 

If payments on the Equity Shares are made by such non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries), this withholding may be imposed on such payments if made to any non-U.S. financial institution (including an intermediary) that is not otherwise exempt from FATCA or other holders who do not provide sufficient identifying information to the payer, to the extent such payments are considered ‘foreign passthru payments’. Under current guidance, the term ‘foreign passthru payment’ is not defined and it is therefore not clear whether and to what extent payments on the Equity Shares would be considered ‘foreign passthru payments’. The United States has entered into intergovernmental agreements with many jurisdictions (including India) that modify the FATCA withholding regime described above. It is not yet clear how the intergovernmental agreements between the United States and these jurisdictions will address ‘foreign passthru payments’ and whether such agreements will require us or other financial institutions to withhold or report on payments on the Equity Shares to the extent they are treated as ‘foreign passthru payments’. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the consequences of FATCA, or any intergovernmental agreement or non-U.S. legislation implementing FATCA, to their investment in Equity Shares. 

60 

