# **SECTION II - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below as well as all the information as may be disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described in this section are those that we consider to be the most significant to our business, results of operations and financial condition, the Equity Shares, the industry in which we operate or the regions in which we operate, particularly India, as at the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. In addition, the risks set out in this section may not be exhaustive and additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or which we currently deem to be immaterial, may arise or may become material in the future. If any or a combination of the following risks or other risks that are not currently known or are now deemed immaterial actually occur, our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition could suffer, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. Unless specified in the relevant risk factor below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial implication of any of the risks mentioned below. As a potential investor in the Equity Shares, you should pay particular attention to the fact that we are subject to a regulatory environment in India which may differ significantly from that in other jurisdictions._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. See “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 19._ 

_In making an investment decision, as prospective investors you must rely on your own examination of us and the terms of the Offer, including the merits and the risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. To obtain a complete understanding of our business, you should read this section in conjunction with the sections titled “Our Business”, “Industry Overview”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Key Regulations and Policies” on pages 123, 95, 282 and 142, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_Our Company’s Fiscal commences on April 1 and ends on March 31 of the immediately subsequent year, and references to a particular Fiscal are to the 12 months ended March 31 of that year. Unless otherwise indicated or the context requires, the financial information for Fiscal 2018, 2019, and 2020 and for the six months ended September 30, 2020 included herein are based on our Restated Financial Statements. For further information, see “Restated Financial Statements” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 178 and 282, respectively._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “the Company” or “our Company” are to RailTel Corporation of India Limited on a standalone basis, and references to “the Group”, “we”, “us”, “our”, are to RailTel Corporation of India Limited on a consolidated basis._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the report “Assessment of the telecom and telecom data services industry in India” dated September 2020 (the “CRISIL Report”) prepared by CRISIL Research, a division of CRISIL Limited and commissioned by us in connection with the Offer. Neither we, nor the BRLMs, nor any other person connected with the Offer has independently verified this information. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the CRISIL Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant fiscal year. For further information, see “Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data” on page 16._ 

# **Risks Relating to Our Business and Our Industry** 

**_1. The telecommunications industry in India is highly regulated and changes in laws, regulations or governmental policy could potentially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

25 

Our operations are subject to governmental regulation regarding licensing, competition, and costs and arrangements pertaining to interconnection and leased lines. Changes in laws, regulations or governmental policy affecting our business activities could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Licenses are heavily administered and interpreted by regulators and decisions by regulators, including the fees payable, amendment or revocation of any existing licenses, could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

The Government grants Unified Licenses, under which companies are authorized to provide any one or more of the following services: Unified License (All Services), Access Service (Service Area-wise), Internet Service (Category ‘A’, with National Area jurisdiction), Internet Service (Category ‘B’, with jurisdiction in a Telecom Circle/Metro Area), Internet Service (Category ‘C’, with jurisdiction in a Secondary Switching Area), National Long Distance (“NLD”) Service, International Long Distance (“ILD”) Service, Global Mobile Personal Communication by Satellite Service, Public Mobile Radio Trunking Service, Very Small Aperture Terminal Closed User Group Service, INSAT Mobile Satellite System-Reporting Service, and Resale of International Private Leased Circuit Service. 

As of December 31, 2020, we have obtained a number of licenses for our operations including NLD license no. 1010/06-BS-I (NLD-06) that was obtained on July 7, 2006 and unified license no. 20-517/2016 AS-I obtained on October 18, 2016 each of which is valid for a period of 20 years. These and certain other licenses that are relevant to our operations are typically valid for specified durations and are subject to renewal. The DoT retains the right to renew these licenses, and modify the terms and conditions of our licenses at any time, if in its opinion it is necessary or expedient to do so in the interest of the public or for the proper operation of the telecommunication sector. A change in certain significant terms of any of the licenses, such as their duration, the amount of charges payable under the licenses, the range of services permitted or the scope of exclusivity, if any, or the inability to renew them in a timely manner or at all, could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. For instance, telecom service companies pay license fees at 8% of the AGR to the Government. 

As defined by the DoT, AGR includes telecom service revenue as well as non-core revenue. However, the Cellular Operators’ Association of India had challenged this definition in 2005 in the Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal, stating that AGR should include only revenue from core licensed telecom services ( _Source: CRISIL Report_ ). The Supreme Court of India, in its judgement dated October 24, 2019, upheld the DoT’s definition of AGR, i.e., to include revenue generated by licensees from both licensing and non-licensing activities. As a result of this judgment, we had provided for a certain amount as exceptional item, computed based on the demands received from DoT for earlier years till March 31, 2020. In June 2020, the DoT informed the Supreme Court that it had withdrawn 96% of its ₹ 4,000 billion demand in AGR from non-telecom PSUs as their core operation was not telecom services ( _Source: CRISIL Report_ ). We subsequently reversed the amount provided as an exceptional item. Any such decisions or interpretations by the DoT in the future, may also have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further information on such licensing fees, see “ _-We are involved in certain legal proceedings, any adverse developments related to which could materially and adversely affect our business, reputation and cash flows_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Significant Factors Affecting our Results of Operations and Financial Condition_ ” on pages 29 and 285, respectively. 

Any disagreements or disputes with regulatory and other authorities can potentially affect our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations, including with respect to the level of control we assert over our operating assets. In addition, we are required to obtain and renew several approvals from various other regulatory bodies, including various local and municipal bodies, from time to time. See “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” and “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on pages 142 and 324, respectively. If we fail to obtain, maintain or renew required approvals, licenses, registrations and permits at the requisite time, this may result in the interruption of our operations and will have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and prospects. The terms and conditions of these licenses may be amended at the discretion of the issuing authorities, and such amendments could be unfavorable to us. Changes to the terms and conditions of these licenses could subject us to additional liabilities and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Further, we cannot assure you that the approvals, licenses, registrations and permits issued to us will not be suspended or revoked in the event of an alleged or actual non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action in the future. 

26 

**_2. We are dependent on and derive a substantial portion of our revenue from PSU customers, the Indian Railways and other GoI entities as well as State Governments and our relationship with GoI entities and State Governments exposes us to risks inherent in doing business with them, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business and revenues are substantially dependent on projects awarded by government establishments, including central, state and local authorities and agencies and public sector undertakings. Any adverse changes in government policies and budgetary allocation resulting from a change in government policies or priorities, could materially and adversely affect our financing, capital expenditure, revenues, or operations relating to our existing and proposed projects as well as our ability to participate in competitive bidding or negotiations for our future projects. For instance, we performed certain services under the National Optical Fiber Network project on behalf of Bharat Broadband Network Limited (“BBNL”) for connecting various gram panchayats in India, and income was recognized on the basis of terms of agreement executed between the two companies till March 31, 2017. However, during Fiscal 2018, an amount of ₹ 265.12 million was reversed on the strength of cabinet decision communicated by BBNL for downward revision of administrative expenditure and establishment charges with retrospective effect. The amount of ₹ 265.12 million was reversed for income recognized till March 31, 2017, and disclosed as an exceptional item in Fiscal 2018 considering the materiality and non-recurring nature of the transaction. Any similar decisions implemented by the government in the future may adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and prospects. 

In addition, a substantial portion of our revenues is derived from three key customers, namely, the National Informatics Centre Services Inc., the Indian Railways and the Employees’ State Insurance Corporation of India. Revenue generated from these three customers represented 42.13%, 23.41%, 25.09% and 23.82% of our total revenue from operations, as restated, in Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020 and in the six months ended September 30, 2020, respectively. The project for the Employees’ State Insurance Corporation of India has been subsequently completed in Fiscal 2020 and will not be renewed. Revenue generated from the project undertaken for the Employees’ State Insurance Corporation of India were ₹ 1,587.60 million, ₹ 901.68 million and ₹ 161.64 million in Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively. Similarly, certain other customers that contribute significantly to our revenue including the Indian Railways may not renew their arrangements or may not continue to award contracts to us on a nomination basis, due to changes in government policy or budgetary allocation. While we continue to source other customers and enter into other contracts, there can be no assurance that we will be able to entirely substitute the revenue generated from existing customers in the event they do not renew their arrangements with us. A change in government policy or budgetary allocation may also affect the ability of these customers’ to perform their obligations under the contracts entered into with us. These and any other events that have an adverse impact on the operations or financial condition of these key customers would have a direct impact on our revenues and results of operation. 

Given that we derive a significant portion of our revenue from PSUs and the Indian Railways, we are exposed to various additional risks inherent in doing business with them, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. These risks include: 

- participation in contracts with government entities could subject us to stricter regulatory and testing requirements which may increase our compliance costs; 

- execution of the detailed definitive documentation and agreements with PSUs and the Indian Railways may take a significant amount of time and cause delays; 

- delays in project implementation and key initiatives where we have invested significant costs; 

- delays in payment due to the time taken to complete internal processes of such entities and agencies; 

- levy of liquidated damages due to our execution delays, which may adversely affect our profit margins; 

- contracts with government agencies are awarded to the lowest bidder that meets the technical conditions of the tender, which makes winning such tenders difficult. In addition, if we have to lower our pricing in order to win tenders, it would exert pressure on our margins; 

- the tender process is long and may be subject to significant delays and/or renegotiation of the terms of the bid or lowering the price for products and services included in the tender; 

27 

- political and economic factors such as pending elections, changes in leadership among key governmental decision makers, changes or delays in the implementation of government policies, revisions to tax policies and reduced tax revenues can affect the number and terms of new government contracts signed; 

- any disinvestment by the GoI of its shareholding in such entities could result in a change in business operations of such entities, which may impact existing or future business arrangements between our Company and such entities; 

- terms and conditions of contracts, including requests for proposals and tenders tend to be more onerous and are often more difficult to negotiate than those for other commercial contracts; and 

- in the event of any non-payment or delay in payment by such customers, we may be unable to make payments to our technology partners and other third-party contractors, who may initiate proceedings against our Company, which may result in an adverse impact on our business, results of operation and financial condition. 

**_3. If we do not continue to provide telecommunications or related services that are technologically up to date, we may not remain competitive, and our business, prospects and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

The telecommunications industry is characterized by technological changes, including an increasing pace of change in existing mobile systems, industry standards, customer demand, preferences, behaviour, and ongoing improvements in the capacity and quality of network. As new technologies develop, our equipment may need to be replaced or upgraded, or our networks may need to be rebuilt in part or in whole in order to sustain our competitive position in the Indian telecommunications industry. As a result, we may require substantial capital expenditures and access to related technologies in order to integrate new technologies with our existing technology and phase out outdated and unprofitable technologies. If we are unable to modify our networks and equipment on a timely and cost-effective basis, we may lose customers and subscribers. 

If the costs associated with new technologies are higher than anticipated, we may not be able to provide such technologies or expand our offerings in a manner that enables us to compete effectively with such services in the Indian telecom sector, and as a result our business, financial condition and results of operation may be adversely affected. In addition, we face the risk of unforeseen complications in the deployment of new services and technologies, and we cannot assure you that these new technologies will be commercially successful, once deployed. Our results of operations would also suffer if our new services and products are not well received by our customers and subscribers, are not appropriately timed with market opportunities or are not effectively brought to market or where our investments in such ventures do not generate commensurate returns. 

Additionally, we may be unable to successfully respond to technological advances and evolving industry standards due to the following: 

- Upgrading our services in response to market demand may require the adoption of new technologies including 5G that could render many of the technologies that we are currently implementing less competitive or obsolete. We may also need to gain access to related or enabling technologies in order to integrate the new technology with our existing technology, including updating our technology and services to ensure compatibility with our customers’ hardware and software. Consistent with the experience of other industry players, our new services may contain flaws or other defects when first introduced to the market. 

- New telecommunications services are introduced by our competitors from time to time, including competitors who may bundle such telecom services with other offerings such as content, music, applications, e-commerce and other allied services. Our competitors may gain access to new advanced technology that allows them to deliver their services at lower prices, at higher quality or with other add-on services that might make our competitors’ services more attractive than our services. If we do not anticipate these changes and promptly adopt new and innovative services in response, we may not be able to capture the opportunities in the market and may lose our customers. 

- To compete successfully, we may need to increase the diversity and sophistication of the services we offer and upgrade our telecommunications technology, including technology we use for ‘RailWire’, our broadband internet services. We may be required to make substantial capital expenditures and may not be successful in modifying our network infrastructure and/ or upgrading to use other technology in a timely and cost-effective manner in 

28 

response to these changes. Additionally, new technology or trends in the telecommunications industry could have an adverse effect on the services we currently offer and may cause significant write-downs of our fixed assets. Increased adoption of these or other competing technology may lead to a decline in our turnover and profitability. 

- Advancements in technology or new technology developed in related or adjacent segments of the telecommunications industry, such as 5G wireless mobile internet services, may offer consumers attractive services, which are akin to or close alternatives to wired broadband internet services, and may reduce the relevance of or demand for our wired broadband internet services. 

- Developing new services can be complex. We may not be able to implement the new services effectively, promptly and economically to meet customer demand. In developing new services, we may need to make significant investments in our network infrastructure and/ or otherwise in order to support these services. If we exceed our budgeted capital expenditure and cannot meet the additional capital requirements through operating cash flows and planned financings, we may have to delay our projects, which could make us less competitive and lead to customer loss. 

- Our new services may not be commercially successful. The failure of any of our services to achieve commercial acceptance could result in lower than expected turnover. 

If we cannot respond to new technology successfully and offer the new services to meet the demands of our customers in a timely manner and at competitive prices, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. 

**_4. We are involved in certain legal proceedings, any adverse developments related to which could materially and adversely affect our business, reputation and cash flows._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings against our Company, which are pending at various levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and other authorities. 

The summary of outstanding matters set out below includes details of criminal proceedings, tax proceedings, statutory and regulatory actions and other material pending litigation (as defined in the section “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 320) involving our Company. 

_Litigation involving our Company_ 

|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of cases**|**Amount involved, to the extent quantifiable (₹ million)**|
|---|---|---|
|Civil (Material)|1|58.28|
|Criminal|2|15.70|
|Regulatory/ statutory action|-|-|
|<br>Tax|14|322.30|



For further information, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” beginning on page 320. Please also refer to the risk factor “ _Risk Factors – This RHP does not contain disclosures in relation to one of our Directors”_ beginning on page 38. 

There can be no assurance that these legal proceedings will be decided in our favor. In addition, we cannot assure you that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. Decisions in such proceedings adverse to our interests may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_5. If we cannot scale our business or manage our businesses effectively or are unable to successfully implement our strategies, the quality of our services and our results of operations could be adversely affected._** 

We have invested significantly to build our network in India and expand our businesses. As part of this strategy, we have invested in our network infrastructure to support our range of broadband internet access services. The build- 

29 

out of our systems has placed, and selective coverage expansion will continue to place, significant demands on our systems and controls and may require additional administrative, operational and financial resources. 

Our ability to expand our network and operations and manage our businesses will depend upon our ability to: 

- improve our existing operational, administrative and technological systems and our financial and management controls; 

- attract, retain and effectively manage our employees in order to execute our business plans and strategies, including providing high quality customer support services to our customers; 

- develop effective marketing plans; 

- control operational costs and maintain effective quality controls; 

- offer competitive prices to customers for our services; 

- ensure a high network up-time and manage service levels; 

- manage the expansion of our network to identified areas and buildings; 

- develop, expand and manage our data centers and related technology services and platforms; 

- implement our enterprise business expansion strategy; 

- implement our new IT projects quickly and effectively; 

- implement our process automation projects quickly and successfully; 

- attract and retain new customers; 

- correctly assess the cost of investment and growth potential at a new location; 

- arrange adequate funding for capital expenditures; 

- obtain and maintain legal right of way for laying cables; and 

- ensure the safety of our operations, including the safety of the general public when developing, installing or maintaining our overhead and underground network infrastructure. 

As part of our strategies, we also intend to pursue expansion opportunities outside India. Competing successfully in international markets requires additional management attention and resources to customize our services to suit different requirements in each new country. Entering new markets also exposes us to additional risks including: legal and regulatory restrictions and operational differences in the countries in which we intend to operate; competition from existing players in such markets; foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned outside India; political and economic instability; challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences; currency exchange rate fluctuations; potentially adverse tax consequences; and higher costs associated with doing business internationally. A failure to successfully mitigate these risks, or achieve any of the above in an efficient manner and at a pace consistent with the growth of our businesses could have an adverse effect on the quality of our services, our ability to win new and retain existing customers, and our ability to manage our costs of operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve any of the above at all times or at all, and failure to do so may cause our business, results of operations and financial condition to be adversely affected. 

**_6. Internet security concerns and illegal distribution by third-parties could adversely affect our broadband internet access services._** 

Computer viruses, piracy, cyber-attacks, break-ins and other inappropriate or unauthorized uses of our network could affect our network and the services that we provide which may have the following effects on our businesses: 

- interruption, delays or cessation in services to our customers; 

- cause damage to our reputation and brands; and 

- a threat to the security of confidential information stored in the computer system of our customers, including breaches of data privacy. 

We may need to incur significant costs, including implementing additional surveillance measures, to protect us against the threat of security breaches or to alleviate adverse effects caused by such breaches, which may include computer viruses and other harmful attacks. We intend to continue to strengthen our network security to alleviate these problems. Our efforts, however, may cause interruptions, delays or cessations of our services and/ or may be ineffective, and our customers may stop using our services or assert claims against us as a result. 

30 

Breaches of our network, including breaches through hacking, may result in unauthorized access to content carried on our networks or a breach of privacy information transmissions over our network. Failure of encryption and our other security measures may undermine consumers’ confidence in our services and may also result in the imposition of regulatory measures, including financial penalties, to ensure the security of services. Such events may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and require us to incur further expenditure to put in place more advanced security systems to protect our network. 

**_7. We depend on the continued service of our employees, and our business and growth prospects may be disrupted if we lose our employees’ services or if employee costs increase._** 

Our current and future success is dependent upon the continued service of our key management personnel, senior management personnel and our employees. Our industry is characterized by high demand and increased competition for skilled employees, and we may need to offer in order to attract and retain our employees in the future. We cannot assure you that we will be able to attract and retain the key personnel that we will need to achieve our business objectives. As we utilize advance technologies in our operations and business, we require expertize and skilled employees. We may not be able to identify, attract or retain such employees with the skillsets we require in a timely manner, on commercially favorable terms or at all. Although we have employment agreements with members of our key management personnel and senior management personnel, we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain key members of our management team. If we are unable to offer competitive salaries to our employees, we may not be able to retain them. If one or more of our key personnel are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, or if they join a competitor or form a competing company, we may lose valuable operational, technical, business or other knowhow and expertise and we may not be able to replace them easily. Further, we may not be able to effectively or successfully transition the responsibilities of our key management personnel or senior management personnel to new employees. Our business may be significantly disrupted and our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected by any of the foregoing. 

We also depend on our employees to perform our operations, deliver our services to customers and grow our business. If any of our employees are not properly trained, incentivized or motivated to perform our services in accordance with our quality standards, operating procedures, safety regulations or applicable laws, this may adversely affect our brand and our business. In particular, we rely on our employees to install devices, collect fees, and perform maintenance works on our network infrastructure. Any non-compliance by our employees with our quality standards, operating procedures, safety regulations or applicable laws or any malicious acts, including making disparaging or unauthorized statements in the public press about our business or causing personal harm to any of our customers in the course of performing their employment, could damage our reputation and subject us to claims and loss of business. Furthermore, we depend on our employees to deliver adequate service to our customers. If they fail to do so, or if we fail to adequately train or motivate our employees to do so, this could adversely affect our ability to retain our customers or to attract new customers. We may also become subject to regulatory proceedings, which impose service quality standards on us. If we are unable to properly train, motivate or incentivize our employees, if we are unable to attract or retain skilled employees or if our employees are poorly trained or engage in any misconduct, our business, operational efficiency, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 

While our employees are not unionized as at the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, if our employees, which comprise a substantial portion of our workforce, decide to form a union or engage in collective bargaining with us for higher salaries, benefits or other rights, our operations may be adversely affected. Further, any changes in regulation, including any changes in regulations governing salaries in India, such as any increase by the government in the national minimum wage, may require us to incur additional expenses and disrupt our operations. This may adversely affect our business, operations and financial condition. 

**_8. We may require significant amounts of capital to finance our business expansion, which may require us to incur significant capital expenditure, and operating and financing costs. We may not be able to obtain additional financing to meet our business and operational capital requirements, including our capital expenditure requirements._** 

We may incur higher levels of capital expenditure than currently anticipated in order to maintain and expand our network coverage, including establishing our fiber optic cables both underground and overhead. Our ability to 

31 

finance our operating and capital expenditures, including for our business expansion, will depend significantly on our ability to generate cash from our operations or obtain alternative financing. We may not be successful in financing such expenditure and such capital expenditure may not result in the growth of our business and the expected positive impact on our results of operations. If our capital expenditure requirements increase due to these or other factors, it may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. Further, future network expansion will be dependent on future demand for our services. If we underestimate our future capital needs or overestimate our future cash flows, we may require additional funding to meet our expenditure requirements, including by raising debt. 

If we obtain debt financing to fund our operations in the future, we will also need to generate sufficient cash to service our debt obligations. In order to meet our business and operational financing requirements or to service our debt obligations, we will need to continue generating cash flows at or above current levels. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so. Our ability to generate cash is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, industry, legal and other factors and conditions, many of which are outside our control. In particular, our operations are subject to price and demand volatility in the telecommunications industry. If we cannot generate sufficient cash from our operations, we may be required to, among other things, reduce capital expenditures, sell assets, or raise equity. We may not be successful in taking these actions, which could cause us to incur debt. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise debt financing on commercially favorable terms or at all if we are required to do so in order to meet our business or operating capital requirements. If any of the above occurs, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects will be materially and adversely affected. 

We expect to continue to make investments and incur capital expenditure to maintain and upgrade our network to meet consumers’ demands for new or existing services, and to continue to offer competitive services. Furthermore, we may need to obtain additional financing if our business plans are affected by changes in the telecommunications or cable services industry, developments in technology, or if our turnover and cash flow are significantly reduced. Financing might not be available to us when needed, or may only be available on terms that are commercially unfavorable to us. Any debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants. If we are unable to raise the amounts required on commercially favorable terms or at all, we may be unable to pursue our growth strategy. In addition, future adverse conditions in the financial markets may impair our ability to finance our operations. We are also subject to regulatory restrictions on raising offshore financing. There can be no assurance that any future financings will not be dilutive to your shareholdings of our Equity Shares. If we cannot raise sufficient funds on commercially favorable terms, we may need to delay or abandon some of our business plans or otherwise forego market opportunities, and our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects may be adversely affected. 

**_9. The loss of key suppliers or their failure to deliver equipment or perform services in a timely or satisfactory manner could adversely affect us._** 

We rely on third parties for certain services, including empaneled partners and OEMS for ICT hardware implementation, software delivery and digital transformation. We also enter into arrangements with access network providers to deliver last mile connectivity services to customers. We also engage with third-parties for the supply of network equipment, including fiber optic cables, IT software and other products, and for the supply of services to operate and maintain our network and to deliver our services to our customers, including the laying of network cables. We need to have an adequate supply of installation equipment on hand for delivery to our customers in a timely manner. We purchase equipment related to our network, including optical network terminals and equipment routers, and obtain services from our suppliers on a purchase order basis and typically do not have long-term contracts with our suppliers. Additionally, the delivery of our services and the operation and maintenance of our network require a reliable and uninterrupted supply of a significant amount of power, which we obtain from third-party electricity providers. Our supply of such products and services may be disrupted or terminated due to circumstances and events outside of our control, including unexpected power cuts, failure or damage to electrical power grids, natural disasters, malicious acts of third-parties or the financial condition or business viability of our suppliers. Our suppliers may also choose not to continue to supply us with products or services which we require for our business and operations. . We also depend on a limited number of suppliers who provide us with upstream bandwidth services, including supplying us with bandwidth to carry our network traffic, and there are only a limited number of suppliers in the market who may be able to supply us with such bandwidth at the scale and quality we require. Additionally, certain of our suppliers may also supply equipment to our competitors which may reduce our suppliers’ ability to meet our requirements. 

32 

Further, certain of our bandwidth suppliers also offer services similar to our broadband internet services and may compete with us. If our suppliers are unable to or cease to supply us with the products or services, we may not be able to operate our business in a timely manner or at all, or if the costs of these products or services increase, we may incur additional costs and disruptions in our services as we source for alternative suppliers. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain suitable alternative suppliers on terms which are commercially favorable or at all. Any disruption to our supply of bandwidth, equipment or services from our suppliers could negatively affect our operating results, especially if we are unable to spread the costs over a larger subscription base or effectively pass on the additional costs by increasing our subscription prices. 

If hardware or software products provided to us by third-party suppliers are defective or related services are unsatisfactory, it may create technical problems in the delivery of our services, damage our reputation and result in the loss of customers. Our suppliers may rely on contract-based manual labor to perform certain services for us, including the laying of cables and the maintenance of our network infrastructure. Such labor may not comply with service and quality standards, safety guidelines, operating procedures or applicable law, which may result in the services being performed for us to be unsatisfactory or unsafe. If our suppliers fail to comply with such standards or other applicable regulations, they may become subject to penalties or legal proceedings. In turn, this may disrupt our supply from such suppliers, which would affect our business and operations. Furthermore, we may also become subject to claims or legal proceedings by government authorities, regulators or third-parties or our network and services may be disrupted or affected as a result of such compliance failures by our suppliers. In addition, it may be difficult or impossible to enforce claims against such suppliers, especially if the warranties included in contracts and service level agreements with our customers (including those mandated or implied by applicable law) exceed those in contracts with our suppliers or if the services provided do not otherwise comply with the terms of those contracts or service level agreements. Our ability to recover from suppliers in such cases or in other situations may also be limited if such suppliers become insolvent. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Further, some of our suppliers are also regulated and may require certain licenses to supply us with the services and equipment we require to operate our business. If our suppliers are unable to obtain or renew such licenses or if their licenses are revoked, we may not be able to obtain the services or equipment we require to operate our business and our services and network may be disrupted. While our suppliers may appeal against such revocation or suspension, there can be no assurance that they will be successful in such appeals. 

# **_10. Our ability to further expand the coverage of our network or to maintain the coverage of our existing network may be limited by our ability to obtain or renew access rights on land or buildings owned by third-parties._** 

As of January 31, 2021, we have access to right of way for optical fiber cable network along 67,415 route kilometers over railway tracks and have high capacity optical fiber cable network along 59,098 route kilometers. In addition, we have optical fiber cable network along 8,852 route kilometers over land and building owned by third-parties. We intend to continue to expand our network, which may involve building new network infrastructure over new land or connecting our network to or installing our network devices in new locations and buildings. Our ability to achieve such expansion would require us to obtain or renew licenses or rights of way from third-parties over such land or buildings to access and install our network infrastructure. Such third-parties include municipal corporations, electricity distribution companies, statutory authorities, government bodies, state organizations, private companies and individuals. We may also be required to obtain legal rights of way from government authorities to use public infrastructure, such as poles, for laying or maintaining our network infrastructure, including our cables and ducts. Such rights or approvals are typically valid for defined time periods and are required to be renewed. Further, municipal authorities and government bodies may also impose additional restrictions on us. 

In the absence of established policy guidelines for granting such rights, including rights for laying overhead cables, and the criteria for obtaining such rights not being clear, it would be difficult or time-consuming for us to obtain such access rights. In addition, most of our rights of way permits for underground infrastructure has been obtained from the Indian Railways for a period of 30 years or till we remain a public sector undertaking, whichever is earlier. Remaining rights of way are granted to us for one-year periods, to be renewed annually. If we are unable to obtain or renew these rights in a timely manner, this could delay or disrupt our services and our ability to implement our business strategies. In addition, a small portion of our network utilizes overhead cables to connect our customers to our network. Governmental authorities in states in which we operate may decide to implement policies to that require us 

33 

to remove our over-ground network infrastructure and to re-install underground network infrastructure, which will require us to incur financial expense. We are also required to indemnify other governmental authorities for any loss, including loss of or damage to property, loss of life or economic loss, arising from laying of our cables. We may also be required to comply with additional procedures and protocols which are prescribed by government authorities and set out in the permits granted to us when performing any work on our network cables, including maintenance work. If we fail to comply with such procedures or protocols, we may become subject to penalties, our licenses may be cancelled and we may be blacklisted by the relevant executing agency. Further, if our licenses, rights of way or other approvals are revoked by government authorities or we fail to comply with the conditions or standards prescribed by such authorities, we may be forced to remove our network infrastructure, which would result in the reduction in the coverage of our network and a loss of our customers. While we have not experienced any instances where we have been forced by any third-parties or government authorities to discontinue our operations located in or which pass over certain land or buildings as a result of not having obtained or renewed the necessary rights or approvals, there can be no assurance that we will not experience such forced discontinuation in the future. If we are unable to obtain such rights or approvals or to renew such rights or approvals when they expire, our ability to expand our network and to implement our business strategies will be restricted, and we may become subject to claims, legal proceedings or suffer financial losses on investments on capital expenditure which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

We also require access rights to lay a portion of our network infrastructure on land or buildings owned by various parties including private individuals, organizations or companies. Certain of these third-parties, including organizations overseeing or managing gated communities in which large numbers of residential consumers reside, may charge us fees for such access rights. If the fees charged to us by such third-parties are substantial or too high, we may not be able to provide our services at cost-competitive prices and may lose our competitiveness in the market. Additionally, we may be unable to obtain such access rights from such third-parties at all if such third-parties have established business relationships with any of our competitors, or if they refuse to engage with us. If we are unable to secure such access rights, our business and operations could be adversely affected. 

**_11. We generate certain portion of our revenue from providing data services and a failure to successfully compete in providing data services could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

We generate certain portion of our revenue from providing data services, and in Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020 and in the six months ended September 30, 2020, revenue generated from providing ISP services represented 14.48%, 15.63%, 14.26% and 19.31% of our total income, respectively. Various factors such as rising income levels, decline in prices of smartphones, increasing availability of mobile-based content, higher data demanding media including videos, games and other applications on smartphones and the rollout of long term evolution or LTE networks have led to a rapid growth of data usage in the telecom sector in India. 

Growth in our data revenues is dependent on the prices we are able to charge for various data offerings and the level of data usage by our customers. We cannot assure you that data usage growth will be adequate to compensate for any future reduction in data prices. Further, if our competitors are able to offer data services that are, or that are perceived to be, more affordable or of a higher quality than those offered by us, we may be required to reduce the price of our data offerings or risk losing market share. If we are unable to remain competitive in providing data services in the future, our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_12. The economic environment, increased pricing pressure and decreased utilization rates could negatively impact our revenues and operating results._** 

<mark>IT spending of customers are often driven by the growth in revenue of customers. Economic slowdown in the past has reduced the IT spending budgets of our customers and have in the past adversely affected and may in the future adversely affect our revenue, profitability and results of operation. Our infrastructure managed services, NLD and ISP business may be affected in terms of prices and growth.</mark> 

<mark>With regard to the Indian economy, we continue to experience pricing pressure due to competition in the markets in which we operate. Lead times for orders or contracts have become much longer, as we have longer credit periods. These factors have affected and will affect the growth in demand for our corporate business.</mark> 

34 

<mark>We have invested in building our network and data center infrastructure and will continue to invest in the future. Our utilization rates of the existing and prospective infrastructure will determine our profitability. We may not utilize our infrastructure at the optimum level which would impact our revenue.</mark> 

<mark>Reduction in IT spending, inability to maintain or increase prices, extended credit terms, and inability to maintain or improve utilization rates of our infrastructure may adversely impact our revenues, gross profits, operating margins and results of operations.</mark> 

**_13. The continuity of our services is highly dependent on the proper functioning of our network and infrastructure, and any disruption to our services or damage to our network infrastructure or failure of our network could materially and adversely affect our business._** 

The provision of our services and the success of our business depends, in part, on the quality, stability, resilience and robustness of our network. In particular, damage to our network operations center, data centers (including core equipment therein) or other network infrastructure, could have a significant impact on the ability of our network to function properly. Our network infrastructure, including our technology platforms and customer relationship management systems, is vulnerable to damage or cessation of operations from fire, earthquakes, severe storms, heavy rainfall, other natural disasters, power loss, telecommunications failures, technological failures, network software flaws, malicious acts by third-parties, vandalism, acts of terrorism, social unrest, cyber-attacks and computer viruses, transmission cable cuts, human error and other events beyond our control. We may experience equipment failures, shutdowns of part of our network or even catastrophic failure of our entire network as a result of any such factors. Our customers may also claim from us loss or damage they may suffer as a result of such failures or shutdown, and our insurance may not be sufficient to cover such claims. 

Further, those parts of our network, including any branch switches, area switches, fiber switches, customer switches and cables, which are situated underground may be subject to accidental damage by third-parties, including local government and municipal authorities, undertaking construction works while those parts of our network situated above ground may be subject to damage cause by environmental elements, including storms and heavy rainfall. Prolonged maintenance or repair works on our network would cause disruptions in our services. We may also be unable to effectively monitor, track or maintain our underground network due to the physical difficulties with monitoring and accessing underground infrastructure. As we intend to invest in the continuous development of our underground network, if any of the foregoing occurs, our return on invested capital may be adversely affected and our investment may be diminished or lost. Further, the operation of our business requires a large amount of power. We cannot be certain that there will be adequate power in all the locations in which we operate. While we have made arrangements for back-ups in case of power failure, in the event our back-ups fail or in case of a prolonged power outage, we may incur loss or damage to our equipment. 

Our network may also be disrupted by failures in the software or hardware on which our technology and IT systems rely, computer viruses, security breaches, cyber-attacks, including hacking by third-parties which may result in delays, disruptions or suspension of our services, and may compromise the security of our, our customers’ and our employees’ content and personal data. Any compromise to the security of our network and systems could expose us to substantial financial and reputational liability, and we may have to invest substantial resources to develop the security systems of our networks to defend against such attacks. There can be no assurance that our network backup or other recovery measures will be sufficient and effective if such events occur and cause disruptions or damage to our network. Sustained or repeated system or network failures, whether from operational disruption, natural disaster or any other factors, which disrupt our services to customers or our ability to meet our business obligations in a timely manner or at all would adversely affect our reputation and may result in a loss of customers and revenue. We may also become subject to legal proceedings and be required to rectify or remove our network infrastructure, including overhead cables, which may require us to incur expenses, disrupt our business and operations and adversely affect our prospects. 

**_14. Our data center business could be harmed by prolonged power outages or shortages, increased costs of energy or general lack of availability of electrical resources._** 

35 

As of January 31, 2021, we owned and operated two data centers in India. Our data centers are susceptible to regional costs of power, power shortages, planned or unplanned power outages and limitations on the availability of adequate power resources. 

Power outages, including, but not limited to those relating to large storms, earthquakes, fires and tsunamis, could harm our customers and our business. We attempt to limit our exposure to system downtime by using backup generators and power supplies; however, we may not be able to limit our exposure entirely even with these protections in place. As of January 31, 2021, one of our data centers is located in owned building while the other data center is located in building taken on lease. As a result, in the event of a power outage, we may be dependent upon the utility company, to restore the power. 

In addition, global fluctuations in the price of power can increase the cost of energy, and we may not always choose to pass these increased costs on to our customers. We rely on third parties to provide a sufficient amount of power for current and future customers. At the same time, power and cooling requirements are growing on a per unit basis. As a result, some customers are consuming an increasing amount of power per cabinet. This means that we could face power limitations in our data centers. This could have a negative impact on the effective available capacity of a given center and limit our ability to grow our business, which could have a negative impact on our financial performance, operating results and cash flows. 

We may also have difficulty obtaining sufficient power capacity for potential expansion sites in new or existing markets. We may experience significant delays and substantial increased costs demanded by the utilities to provide the level of electrical service required by our current data center designs. 

# **_15. Our business may not be compatible with delivery methods of bandwidth / connectivity developed in the future._** 

<mark>We face the risk that fundamental changes may occur in the delivery of connectivity services in India. The internet market has seen significant changes in the recent past from connecting fixed offices/ locations to connecting mobile devices to connecting disparate automated devices and to continue to be relevant in this dynamic and disruptive environment, we will have to develop new technology or modify our existing technology to accommodate these developments. Our pursuit of these technological advances, whether directly through internal development or by thirdparty license, may require substantial time and money. We may be unable to adapt our connectivity service business to alternate delivery means and new technologies may not be available to us at all.</mark> 

# **_16. If we are unable to meet our service level commitments, our reputation and results of operation could suffer._** 

Most of our customer contracts provide that we maintain certain service level commitments to our customers. If we fail to meet our service level commitments, we may be contractually obligated to pay the affected customer a financial penalty, which varies by contract, and the customer may in some cases be able to terminate its contract. In addition, if such a failure were to occur, there can be no assurance that our customers will not seek other legal remedies that may be available to them, including: 

- requiring us to provide free services; 

- seeking damages for losses incurred; and 

- cancelling or electing not to renew their contracts. 

Any of these events could materially increase our expenses or reduce our net revenue, which would have a material adverse effect on our reputation and results of operations. Our failure to meet our commitments could also result in substantial customer dissatisfaction or loss. As a result of such customer loss and other potential liabilities, our net revenue and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

# **_17. Any delay in the collection of our dues and receivables from our customers may have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our business depends on our ability to successfully obtain payment from our customers of the amounts they owe us for work performed. In Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020 and in the six months ended September 30, 2020, our debtor cycle based on closing balances (net of expected credit loss) was approximately 174 days, 167 days, 164 days and 223 days 

36 

(annualized), respectively. In Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020 and in the six months ended September 30, 2020, our trade receivables were ₹ 4,666.78 million, ₹ 4,595.72 million, ₹ 5,070.70 million and ₹ 6,565.20 million, respectively, representing 47.78%, 45.81%, 44.95% and 122.17%, respectively, of our revenue from operations in such periods. We cannot assure you that we will be able to accurately assess the creditworthiness of our customers and will be able to collect the dues in time. 

Macroeconomic conditions could also result in financial difficulties for our customers, including limited access to the credit markets, insolvency or bankruptcy. Such conditions could cause customers to delay payment, request modifications of their payment terms, or default on their payment obligations to us, cause us to enter into litigation for non-payment, all of which could increase our receivables. In any such case, we might experience delays in the collection of, or be unable to collect, our customer balances, and if this occurs, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. In addition, if we experience delays in billing and collection for our services, our revenue and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

**_18. Our Company may not be in compliance with certain provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations and/or Companies Act, as may be applicable in relation to terms of reference of the Audit Committee and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee as we are controlled by the GoI._** 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, the composition of our Board of Directors is not in compliance with the requirements of the SEBI Listing Regulations, Companies Act and the DPE Guidelines. Presently, the Board of Directors comprises eight Directors which includes four Whole–time Directors, two Part–time Government Directors/ Nominee Directors and two Part–time (Non–official) Directors / Independent Directors. As the Chairman of our Board is an executive director, we are required to have at least four more independent directors in order to be compliant with regulation 17(1) of Chapter IV of the SEBI Listing Regulations. Being a Government company, all the Directors are appointed by the Government of India. Further, the terms of appointment of all Directors (including their remuneration) are approved by the President of India acting through the MoR, as also mentioned in our AoA. Accordingly, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee does not have the power to directly approve these matters and such matters can only be noted, or taken on record. Further, under Section 139(5) of the Companies Act, the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (“CAG”) shall appoint a duly qualified auditor as the statutory auditor of a government company. Since the Company is a central public sector undertaking and a government company, its statutory auditor is appointed by the CAG. Further, the Company would continue to be a government company even after completion of the Offer. Accordingly, the Audit Committee does not have the power to directly appoint the statutory auditor of the Company and such appointment can only be noted or taken on record by the Audit Committee In relation to the above non-compliances, our Company has filed an exemption letters with SEBI on July 8, 2020 and November 17, 2020, under Regulation 300(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations seeking certain exemptions from the relevant provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations and the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 

Pursuant to the exemption letters dated September 15, 2020 and December 15, 2020, our Company has also been exempted from compliance with the requirements of the Regulations 17 of the SEBI Listing Regulations and from the compliance of corporate governance requirements as prescribed under paragraph (10)(F)(g)(i) of Part A of Schedule VI of the SEBI ICDR Regulations till listing of Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Further, we may be subject to penalties for non-compliance with any of the aforementioned provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations and SEBI ICDR Regulations which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business operations, financial conditions and results of our operations. To this extent, we are not compliant with the SEBI Listing Regulations. For details, see “ _Our Management – Corporate Governance_ ” on page 161. 

**_19. The confidential information or data of our customers may be misappropriated by our employees and as a result, cause us to breach our contractual obligations in relation to such confidential information._** 

We store confidential information and data of our customers. We cannot assure you that the steps taken by us to protect such data will adequately prevent the disclosure of confidential information by an employee or a subcontractor or a subcontractor’s employee and we may not have internal controls and processes to ensure that our employees do not misappropriate or unlawfully distribute such information. If the confidential information is disclosed by us or is misappropriated by our employees or subcontractors, our clients may raise claims against us for breach of our contractual obligations. The successful assertion of any claim may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

37 

# **_20. This RHP does not contain disclosures in relation to one of our Directors._** 

We have not made any disclosure required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations in respect of one of our Directors and have separately sought an exemption from making disclosures in respect of him under applicable provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. SEBI vide its letter number SEBI/NRO/CFD/MS/SG/18803/2020 dated November 6, 2020, has exempted our Company from making disclosures in respect of this Director under applicable provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 

An investigation was initiated against such Director by the Central Bureau of Investigation (“ **CBI** ”) pursuant to the orders of the Director Vigilance, Railway Board, MoR. Pursuant to the investigation, CBI lodged a first information report number RC AC1 2019 A0006 dated November 27, 2019 under Section 120-B of the Indian Penal Code, 1860 (“ **IPC** ”) read with Sections 420, 468 and 471 of the IPC and Sections 11, 12 and 13(2) read with Section 13(1)(d) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 against such Director and others, alleging criminal conspiracy, cheating, forgery, abetment and criminal misconduct. The final investigation report has been submitted to the MoR. The report after due examination shall be processed further by the MoR. 

Pursuant to order bearing number 2012/E(O)II/40/31 dated September 24, 2020, issued by the Ministry of Railways, Government of India, the Director has been divested of the charge/ duties of the post of Director till further orders and the Director may not attend meetings of our Board of Directors during this period. The Railway Board, Government of India vide its order dated September 28, 2020 has assigned the additional charge/ duties of the post of Director (Project, Operation and Maintenance) to Sanjai Kumar, Director (Network, Planning and Marketing) / Whole time Director till further order. 

**_21. Our reputation and business may be harmed and we may be subject to legal claims if there is loss, disclosure or misappropriation of or access to our subscribers’ or our own information or other breaches of our information security._** 

We make extensive use of online services and centralized data processing services, including through third-party service providers. The secure maintenance and transmission of subscriber information is an important element of our operations. Our information technology and other systems, or those of service providers, that maintain and transmit subscriber information may be compromised by a malicious third-party penetration of our network security, or that of a third-party service provider, or impacted by advertent or inadvertent actions or inactions by our employees, or those of a third-party service provider. 

In addition, third-party service providers and we process and maintain our proprietary business information and personal data related to our subscribers or suppliers. Our information technology and other systems that maintain and transmit this information, or those of third party service providers, may also be compromised by a malicious thirdparty penetration of our network security or that of a third-party service provider, or impacted by intentional or inadvertent actions or inactions by our employees or those of a third-party service provider. As a result of any of these risks, our business information, or subscriber or supplier data may be lost, disclosed, accessed or taken without consent. 

Any major compromise of our data or network security, failure to prevent or mitigate the loss of our services or any subscriber information and delays in detecting any such compromise or loss could disrupt our operations, damage our reputation and subscribers’ willingness to purchase our service and subject us to additional costs and liabilities, including litigation. Should we be held liable in a large number of these disputes, our reputation, business and operations may be adversely affected. 

**_22. Failure to complete development, testing and introduction of new services, including managed services, could affect our ability to compete in the industry._** 

We continuously develop, test and introduce new communications services so that we can compete for new customers and in new segments of the communications business. Sometimes the introduction of new services requires the successful upgrade or development of new technology, which may be dependent on the conclusion of contract negotiations with vendors and vendors meeting their obligations in a timely manner. In addition, our new 

38 

service offerings may not be widely accepted by our customers. If we are not able to successfully complete the development and introduction of new services, including new managed services, in a timely manner, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 

**_23. Certain of our infrastructure projects are eligible for certain subsidies and any change or withdrawal of these subsidies by the relevant government entity may affect our results of operations._** 

We benefit from certain subsidies for projects carried out for government entities, including subsidies granted under the ‘Universal Service Obligation Fund’ of the DoT. In Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020 and in the six months ended September 30, 2020 the aggregate amount amortised in the statement of profit and loss in proportion to depreciation on assets capitalized out of subsidy was ₹ 5.80 million, ₹ 13.10 million, ₹ 21.30 million and ₹ 11.50 million, respectively, representing 0.06%, 0.13%, 0.18% and 0.21% of our total income in such periods, respectively. There can be no assurance that these and other projects will continue to enjoy similar subsidies in the future. If the subsidies expire or terminate or in the event that the relevant authority rejects our entitlement to these subsidies, we may incur higher capital expenditure, which may negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 

**_24. We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been provided for in our financial statements, which if they materialize, may adversely affect our financial condition._** 

As of September 30, 2020 our contingent liabilities as per Ind Accounting Standard 37 – Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, that have not been provided for, were as follows: 

|**Particulars**<br>**As of September 30, 2020**|
|---|
|**(₹ million)**|
|**Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debts**|
|Service tax<br>82.50|
|Income tax<br>228.20|
|VAT<br>11.80|
|DoT<br>0.00|
|Other<br>91.70|
|**Total**<br>**414.20**|
|**Bank guarantees given by**<br>1,101.60|
|**the Company to customers/**<br>**government**|
|**Total**<br>**1,515.80**|



As of March 31, 2018, 2019 and 2020 and as of September 30, 2020 our ratio of total liabilities plus contingent liabilities to net worth was 112.84%, 97.71%, 90.73% and 88.85%, respectively. If a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further information, see “ _Financial Information_ ” on page 178. 

**_25. We do not have access to records and data pertaining to certain historical legal and secretarial information in relation to certain disclosures. Further, there are certain discrepancies in the records available with us._** 

We are unable to trace certain corporate and other documents such as copies of certain prescribed forms filed with the RoC relating to allotment of equity shares from incorporation to the year 2006. Despite having conducted search of our records and a search in the records of the RoC for the untraceable documents, which was conducted by a practicing company secretary engaged by us, we have not been able to trace the aforementioned documents. Further, we have also been unable to trace the form filings made in the year 2004 in relation to the change of our registered office. While we believe that we had filed these forms with the RoC in a timely manner, we have not been able to obtain copies of these forms. Accordingly, we have relied on other documents, including corresponding board and/or shareholder resolutions, where available, statutory registers of members, allotment and share transfer, and audited financial statements for such matters. There may be inconsistencies between the date of filing of the relevant forms filed with the RoC for allotment of shares to the President of India and the register maintained noting the allotment 

39 

made to the President of India. We cannot assure you that the above mentioned form filings and resolutions will be available in the future. Although no regulatory action/litigation is pending against us in relation to the missing documents, we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to penalties imposed by regulatory authorities in this respect. We have relied on the independent search report by practising company secretary engaged by us and we cannot assure you of the accuracy and completeness of the report. 

# **_26. We may not meet the selection criteria set for high value contracts by the Government._** 

Selection as service provider for large government projects is undertaken through a tender process, and many of the bids in which we participate are subject to the satisfaction of certain eligibility conditions and performance standards. These include reputation, experience and sufficiency of financial resources. While we have satisfied pre-qualification criteria to bid for such projects in the past, there can be no assurance that we will be able to meet such criteria to bid for these and other similar projects in the future. We spend considerable time and resources in the preparation and submission of bids, and there can be no assurance that we will be awarded such contracts. 

In addition, government conducted tender processes may be subject to change in qualification criteria, unexpected delays and uncertainties. In the event that new projects which have been announced and which we intend to bid for are not put up for bidding within the announced timeframe, or qualification criteria are modified such that we are unable to qualify, our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Our ongoing projects have been awarded to us for a definite term and the relevant authorities may float tenders for such projects after expiry of the current term. There can be no assurance that we will be awarded such projects at the end of the tender process. Further, in situations where our bids have been successful, there may be delays in award of the projects, which may result in us having to retain resources which remain unallocated, thereby adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_27. We may be unable to secure adequate financing to meet our capital requirements in the future on acceptable terms or in requisite time._** 

We may require additional funds in connection with our future business expansion, development initiatives or for running the ordinary course of business. Our ability to obtain additional capital is subject to a variety of uncertainties, including our future credit rating, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, conditions in the capital markets in which we may seek to raise funds and general economic, political and other conditions in India and elsewhere. In obtaining the additional source of funding, to meet such working capital requirements, we may enter into new debt facilities with lending institutions or raise additional debt in the capital markets. If we decide to raise additional funds through the incurrence of debt, our interest obligations will increase, and we may be subject to additional restrictive covenants. Such financing could cause our debt to equity ratio to increase or require us to create charges or liens on our assets in favor of such lenders. Since the ability and willingness of our lenders to extend financing facilities to us is dependent on a number of factors outside our control and therefore, we cannot assure you that we will be able to secure adequate financing in the future on acceptable terms, in time, or at all. Further, if we decide to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, the ownership interest of our existing shareholders may be diluted. 

Our failure to obtain sufficient financing as and when required could result in the delay or abandonment of any business growth or implementation of our business development plans and this may affect our business and future results of operations. 

**_28. We may be subject to legal proceedings and claims regarding information disseminated over or the use of data from our network or through our services, which could increase our costs or require us to discontinue certain services._** 

We may be subject to claims for defamation, negligence, copyright or trademark infringement, personal injury, privacy rights violations or other legal claims relating to the information we publish on our digital platforms or disseminate through our network or data that we use from our network or through our services, including our broadband services. 

40 

Certain businesses, organizations and individuals may send unsolicited commercial e-mails or other content, which may be viewed as offensive by recipients, through our network. There can be no assurance that customers will not use our network or engage in a conduct while using our network which could subject us to claims for damages, damage our reputation and brand or other effects which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. 

Our services include message display boards across cities, and certain businesses, organizations and individuals may regard such content as offensive or defamatory, and may commence legal proceedings, including defamation suits, against us. If such proceedings against us are commenced, we may be required to engage in prolonged legal or other proceedings, and may be required to incur substantial expenses to defend against such claims. There can be no assurance that we would be successful in defending against such claims. If we are unsuccessful in defending against such claims, we may become subject to financial penalties or be required to pay compensation. Additionally, we may be required to discontinue certain of our services. The occurrence of any of the foregoing would adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

We may also be subject to claims and enforcement actions, including under censorship and personal data protection laws, based upon the content or data accessible from our digital platforms through links to other websites or through content and materials that may be posted by members on our platforms. Lawsuits or claims may be brought against us for content distributed through our network, including any politically sensitive or illegal content, and such content may damage our reputation and brand. We may be required to incur substantial expenses to defend against such claims or discontinue certain of our services, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

**_29. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by global health epidemics, including the recent COVID-19 outbreak, and the continuing effect of the same cannot be predicted._** 

In late 2019, COVID-19, commonly known as the “novel coronavirus”, emerged in Wuhan, China, and by March 11, 2020 was declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization. Governments and municipalities around the world instituted measures in an effort to control the spread of COVID-19, including quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, school closings, travel restrictions, and closure of non-essential businesses. By the end of March, the macroeconomic impacts became significant, exhibited by, among other things, a rise in unemployment and market volatility. 

In order to contain the spread of COVID-19 virus, the Government of India initially announced a 21-day lockdown on March 24, 2020, which, after being subject to successive extensions, is being relaxed currently. In compliance with the lockdown orders announced by the Indian Government, we temporarily closed certain of our offices and substantially, all of our employees were compelled to work remotely. The rapid shift to a remote working environment creates inherent productivity, connectivity, and oversight challenges. Governmental restrictions have been inconsistent and it is not clear when a return to worksite locations or travel will be permitted or what restrictions will be in place in those environments. The extent and/ or duration of ongoing workforce restrictions and limitations could impact our ability to successfully provide our services, comply with various reporting requirements to the regulators in a timely manner, among others. In addition, the changed environment under which we are operating could have an impact on our internal controls over financial reporting as well as our ability to meet a number of our compliance requirements in a timely or quality manner. 

If the COVID-19 outbreak progresses in ways that continue to disrupt our operations including through lockdowns and limited access to business resources, such disruption may materially negatively affect our operating results for Fiscal 2021 and possible subsequent periods. 

With the outbreak of COVID-19, international stock markets have begun to reflect the uncertainty associated with the slow-down in the global economy and the reduced levels of international travel experienced since the beginning of January, large declines in oil prices and the significant decline in the Dow Jones Industrial Average at the end of February and beginning of March 2020 was largely attributed to the effects of COVID-19. In addition, the widespread lockdowns implemented by various countries since March 2020 has further slowed-down the global economy and disrupted daily operations of most companies. If the spread of the COVID-19 continues to limit the level of economic 

41 

activity globally, and in particular in India, this likely would negatively affect, and may materially negatively affect, our operating results, cash flow and business. 

Further, our ability to ensure the safety of our workforce and continuity of operations while confirming with measures implemented by the central and state governments in relation to the health and safety of our employees may result in increased costs. In the event a member or members of our management team contract(s) COVID-19, our operations may be potentially affected. Further, in the event any of our employees contract COVID-19, we may be required to quarantine our employees and shut down our offices and/or data centers, as necessary. Risks arising on account of COVID-19 can also threaten the safe operation of our offices and impact the well-being of our employees. 

The ultimate impact of such a pandemic will depend on a number of factors, many of which are outside our control. These factors include the duration, severity and scope of the pandemic, the impact of the pandemic on economic activity in India and globally, the eventual level of infections in India or in the regions in which we operate, and the impact of any actions taken by governmental bodies or health organisations (whether mandatory or advisory) to combat the spread of the virus. 

**_30. We have experienced negative cash flows in the past, and any such negative cash flows in the future could adversely affect our cash flow requirements, which may adversely affect our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans, thereby affecting our financial condition._** 

The following table sets forth certain information relating to our cash flows on a consolidated basis for the periods indicated. We may in the future experience negative operating cash flows. 

||<br>|**Fiscal**<br>||**Six Months Ended**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**2018**|**2019**|**2020**|**September 30, 2020**|
||||**(₹ million)**||
|Net cash flow generated from / (used in)<br>operating activities|408.81|353.93|1,733.03|207.90|
|Net cash flow generated from / (used in)<br>investing activities|15.41|406.46|(479.54)|(557.10)|
|Net cash flow generated from / (used in)<br>the financing activities|(620.20)|(772.40)|(624.62)|(251.30)|
|Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash<br>equivalents|(195.98)|(12.01)|628.87|(600.50)|



Negative cash flows over extended periods, or significant negative cash flows in the short term, could materially impact our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. As a result, our cash flows, business, future financial performance and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. For further information, see “ _Financial Information_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on pages 178 and 282 respectively. 

# **_31. Increased sharing of existing and new passive telecommunication infrastructure may adversely affect us._** 

We believe that growth and demand for mobile telecommunication services in India will lead to an increased impetus for the sharing and integration of passive telecommunications infrastructure such as towers, poles, conduits and physical sites, as mobile telecommunication operators will increasingly need to outsource their passive telecommunication infrastructure needs as high-speed data transfer becomes more commonplace. There can be no assurance, however, that Indian telecommunication operators will not increasingly share existing and new passive telecommunication infrastructure constructed by other Indian telecommunication operators, other existing telecommunication infrastructure companies or their respective affiliates, which could adversely affect our tower infrastructure services business and consequently our financial condition, cash flows and prospects. 

In addition, if BSNL and MTNL, large wireless service providers in India, were to begin to engage in significant amounts of site sharing with other operators or otherwise offer tower infrastructure services sharing availability, this could create a significant new competitor to our tower infrastructure services business. 

42 

Our tower infrastructure services business currently faces competition principally from: 

- Indian wireless communication operators that share their own tower infrastructure services with other carriers; 

- Indian power transmission operators who may let their existing infrastructure be utilized by wireless telecommunication service providers; 

- International, national and regional tower infrastructure services companies, including joint ventures formed by other wireless communication operators; and 

- Site development companies that purchase antenna space on existing towers for wireless carriers and manage new tower site construction. 

Competitive pricing pressures for customers from these competitors could adversely affect our tower infrastructure services business growth prospects and revenue. If we lose customers in this space due to pricing pressures or otherwise, we may not be able to find new customers, which may have an adverse effect on our profitability and cash flows. Increasing competition in this business could also make the acquisition of high quality tower assets, and securing the rights to land for our towers, more costly. Competition can also lead to the inability to gain new customers. We cannot therefore assure you that we will be able to successfully compete within this increasingly competitive business sector. 

# **_32. Any deficiency in our billing and credit control and customer management processes could materially and adversely affect our operations._** 

Reliable billing, credit control, collection and customer management systems are critical to support our ability to maintain and increase turnover, avoid turnover loss, monitor potential credit problems and bill customers accurately and in a timely manner. We will need to expand and adapt our billing and credit control systems to capture new revenue streams as our business continues to grow. The development of new businesses may impose a greater burden on our systems and may strain our administrative, operational and financial resources. Our billing, credit control, collection and customer management systems may be affected by computer viruses, cyber-attacks, telecommunications failures, software flaws and systems failures, human error in managing or operating our software systems, and increased operational load as a result of an increase in the scale of our operations. Further, we depend on certain third-parties to invoice and collect payments from our customers for our ‘Rail Wire’ operations. Any deficiency in billing, credit control, collection and customer management systems or delays in upgrades or integration of new systems could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

# **_33. If we fail to comply with health and safety standards, we may become subject to liability._** 

Our network infrastructure includes overhead cables, structures and other physical installations which may be situated in densely populated locations, including residential and commercial areas. While we implement procedures and protocols to comply with health and safety standards, the safety of our network infrastructure may be compromised if there are any physical failures, including structural collapse or the collapse of adjacent or nearby trees and other structures, or electrical failures, including electrical short-circuits, in our network infrastructure, which may occur as a result of natural disasters, events beyond our control, failings in design, construction, installation or maintenance, wear and tear, malicious acts of third-parties, human error, or any other events within or outside of our control., and may in the future continue to experience such events. The occurrence of any of these events may cause harm to persons, including our customers, our employees and any other third-parties or the general public, or damage to their property, which may subject us to financial liability, reputational damage and, potentially, criminal liability. Further, if we fail to effectively implement or comply with health and safety standards for our employees, including standards imposed by the government or regulators in respect of our employees’ working conditions, we may be subject to legal and financial liability. Additionally, our reputation and ability to attract suitable employees may be adversely affected. If we fail to comply with any applicable health and safety standards, or if any of the foregoing events or similar events occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects may be adversely affected. 

**_34. Compliance with subscriber verification norms, know your client (“KYC”) regulations and data privacy norms may require us to incur expenditure, which may adversely impact our financial condition and cash flows._** 

43 

Regulators are introducing stringent subscriber verification and KYC guidelines, including biometric verification and quality of KYC documents. We are required to comply with KYC requirements and processes in relation to our customers as per applicable Indian law. If we are unable to develop, maintain and update customer information in accordance with applicable KYC norms or are unable to prevent the misuse of our services, we may be held liable for non-compliance with governmental regulations. In a recent judgment, the Supreme Court upheld the constitutional validity of ‘Aadhaar’ and has simultaneously restricted its use by private entities for verification of the identity of the mobile phone users and limited the use of Aadhaar for social welfare schemes of GoI. Telecom service operators like us had built their electronic KYC authentication systems around the biometric database of Aadhaar. Restrictions on usage of Aadhaar by the Supreme Court has led to us requiring to revamp and rework the process and infrastructure for verification of customers for ensuring KYC compliance, from online verification system based on Aadhaar to the alternate modes of verification, which has had substantial cost implications on our business and operations. Alternate mode of KYC verification could be expensive, time consuming and onerous for us for the compliance with data privacy norms. 

We are subject to data privacy laws, rules and regulations that regulate the use of customer data. Compliance with these laws, rules and regulations may restrict our business activities, require us to incur increased expense and devote considerable time to compliance efforts. The existing and emerging data privacy regulations limit the extent to which we can use personal identifiable information and limit our ability to use third-party firms in connection with customer data. Certain of these laws, rules and regulations are relatively new and their interpretation and application remain uncertain. Data privacy laws, rules and regulations are also subject to change and may become more restrictive in the future. For example, under the Information Technology Act, 2000, as amended, we are subject to civil liability for wrongful loss or gain arising from any negligence by us in implementing and maintaining reasonable security practices and procedures with respect to sensitive personal data or information on our computer systems, networks, databases and software. India has also implemented privacy laws, including the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011, which impose limitations and restrictions on the collection, use, transfer and disclosure of sensitive personal data or information. With the anticipated introduction of the proposed Personal Data Protection Bill, 2018, we may be subject to additional compliance, which includes retaining data of customers within India when brought into effect. Changes or further restrictions in data privacy laws, rules and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The cost and operational consequences of implementing further data protection measures could be significant and this may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_35. Any asset impairment could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations._** 

We have non-current assets such as property, plant and equipment, network infrastructure, intangible assets, leasehold interests in land and buildings, investments in a subsidiary, telecommunications facilities and computer equipment, and are required to review these assets for impairment at each balance sheet date. This review is made with reference to the recoverable amounts in respect of those assets or, in the case of goodwill, the fair market value of the relevant businesses. Impairment of any of these assets could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

The recoverable amount of an asset depends on the prevailing market conditions at the time of the review, the nature of the asset, its fair value and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows from the asset are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects our current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. Estimated future cash flows arising from future use of the asset are determined by analyzing our target market share, market competition, future changes to our cost structure and technological change as well as related future capital expenditure required to maintain the asset’s performance. Further, if any of our assets, including our network switches, are damaged as a result of factors which may be beyond our control, or if our assets become obsolete as a result of advances in technology or changes in market dynamics, the value of our assets may be reduced. For instance, we have recognized impairment loss amounting to ₹ 147.70 million in the six months ended September 30, 2020. For further information, see “ _Restated Financial Statements – Annexure VI – Note 42 – Items 25_ ” on page 237. Any reduction in the recoverable amount of an asset below its carrying value, whether due to a weak economic environment, challenging market conditions, asset or portfolio sale decisions by management or any other condition or occurrence, could be charged to the income statement and could thus materially and adversely affect our results of operations and shareholders’ equity in the period in which the impairment occurs. 

44 

**_36. Our business relies on intellectual property, including intellectual property owned by third-parties, and we may inadvertently infringe the patents and proprietary rights of others._** 

We depend on and use certain intellectual property of third-parties, including of our suppliers of technology we use for our network, for our business and in order to provide our services to customers. If we are unable to obtain or continue to obtain rights to use such third-party intellectual property rights on commercially favorable terms or at all, we may be required to modify our services or cease providing certain services to our customers, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We may not be aware of all intellectual property rights that our services or the products used to transmit or receive our services may potentially infringe. Certain of the services, products and technology provided to us by our thirdparty suppliers may utilize intellectual property belonging to other third-parties. We cannot assure you that our suppliers will not infringe on the intellectual property of third-parties by supplying us with their services, products or technology, or that our use of such services, products or technology from our suppliers will not cause us to infringe on the intellectual property rights of third-parties. Therefore, there can be no assurance that our services or the products used to transmit or receive our services will not infringe on intellectual property owned by third-parties. Further, thirdparties, including our competitors, have or may in the future acquire intellectual property rights that cover or include those which we already use for our services and in the course of our business. To the extent that we are required to pay royalties to third-parties to whom we are not currently making payments, these increased costs of doing business could materially and adversely affect our operating results. Further, there can be no assurance that we or our suppliers would be able to obtain licenses from third-party owners of such intellectual property rights on commercially favorable terms or at all, and if we were unable to obtain such licenses, that we or our suppliers would be able to redesign our services or the products used to transmit or receive our services to avoid infringement. Any courtimposed penalties relating to violations of third-party intellectual property rights could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

**_37. We depend on our intellectual property including our logo and trademark, and failure to protect our intellectual property would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

As of January 31, 2021, we owned total 6 trademarks including ‘RailTel’ logo and trademark and certain other intellectual property including ‘RailCloud’, ‘RailWire Express Network’ and ‘RailWire’. Our ability to compete effectively depends in part on our ability to protect our rights in intellectual property and our efforts to protect our intellectual property (including our reliance on trade secret laws) may not be adequate. Litigation may be necessary to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights, or to defend ourselves against claims by third parties that our business operations or use of our intellectual property infringe their intellectual property rights. Any litigation or claims brought by or against us could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources. Unauthorized parties may infringe upon or misappropriate our trademarks or proprietary information. While our domain name including www.railtelindia.com cannot be copied, we may be unable to renew registration of our domain names, and other parties could create an alternative domain name resembling ours that could be passed off as our domain name. A successful claim of trademark, copyright or other intellectual property infringement against us could prevent us from providing our service, which could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

**_38. We depend on subscriptions for our wired broadband internet services operations, ‘Rail Wire’, and our inability to renew existing customers’ subscriptions and acquire new subscribers could have an adverse effect on our business._** 

We offer subscriptions for our wired broadband internet services, ‘RailWire’. The subscription period ranges from one month to one year. Our ability to renew existing subscriptions at commercially viable levels is critical to our ‘RailWire’ business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to retain any of our customers or renew any of our existing subscriptions on commercially favorable terms or at all. Moreover, we may not be able to offset in whole or in part any decreases in the number of our existing customers with increases in the number of new customers for our services. If our customers do not renew their existing subscriptions, our revenue could decrease and our costs could increase which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

45 

**_39. The Annexure to our Statutory Auditors’ report issued under the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, on our consolidated and standalone financial statements contain certain qualifications, which do not require any corrective adjustments in the financial information._** 

We have set out below a summary of certain auditors’ adverse remarks appearing in the annexure to auditor’s report under the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, for the last Fiscal: 

|**Financial Year**<br>|**Statutory Auditors’ Remarks**<br>|
|---|---|
|**Audited Consolid**|**ated and Standalone Financial Statements**|
|Fiscal 2020|The title deeds of immovable properties are held in the name of the Company except in case<br>of leasehold building situated at Kidwai Nagar, Delhi where the lease deed is yet to be<br>executed between the company and NBCC though the building space has already been<br>handed over to the Company.|



In addition, our accounts are also subject to a supplementary audit by the office of C&AG as required under the Companies Act. There is no assurance that the C&AG audit or our CARO reports for any future fiscal periods will not contain such comments or any other qualifications for such future fiscal periods or otherwise affect our results of operations in such future fiscal periods. Investors should consider these remarks in evaluating our financial position, cash flows and results of operations. Any such qualifications in the auditors’ report on our financial statements in the future may also adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

**_40. We may be unable to replace lost revenue due to customer cancellations, renewals at lower rates or other less favorable terms._** 

<mark>It is key to our profitability that we offset committed recurring revenue due to customer cancellations, terminations, price reductions or other less favorable terms by adding new customers, selling more high-margin services, features and functionalities to existing customers and increasing traffic usage by all customers. Some customers may elect not to renew and others may renew at lower prices, lower committed traffic levels, or contract only for shorter time frame. Historically, a significant percentage of our renewals, particularly with larger customers, have led to declines in unit price as competition has increased and the market for certain parts of our business has saturated. Our renewal rates may decline as a result of a number of factors, including competitive pressures, customer dissatisfaction with our services, customers' inability to continue their operations and spending levels, the impact of multi-vendor policies, customers implementing or increasing their use of in-house technology solutions and general economic conditions.</mark> 

<mark>In addition, as we expand the network to rural areas, there is an operational cost involved in both the establishment and operation of these nodes. While the expansion is facilitated by government policies, we have to subsequently get additional business for capacity utilization in these nodes to make them profitable. If we are not able to do this rapidly by scaling up the business through these towns, we run the risk of overcapacity on the network in new areas, which results in a higher cost structure and lower margins.</mark> 

**_41. If we are unable to use software licensed from third parties or if we make use of open source software under license terms that interfere with our proprietary rights it could disrupt our business._** 

Our technology platform and internal systems incorporate software licensed from third parties, including some software, known as open source software, which we use without charge. Although we monitor our use of open source software, the terms of many open source licenses to which we are subject have not been interpreted by the courts of many jurisdictions and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to provide our technology offering to our customers. In the future, we could be required to seek licenses from third parties in order to continue offering our solution, which licenses may not be available on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. Alternatively, we may need to re-engineer our offering or discontinue using portions of the functionality provided by our technology. In addition, the terms of open source software licenses may require us to provide software that we develop using such software to others on unfavourable terms, such as by precluding us from charging license fees or by requiring us to disclose our source code. Any such restriction on the use of our own software, or our inability to use open source or third-party software, could result in disruptions to our business or operations, or delays in our development of future solutions or enhancements of our existing platform, which could impair our business. 

46 

**_42. Telecommunications carriers that we do business with, could suffer from decreasing margins and financial distress, which may negatively impact our business._** 

The Indian telecom industry has undergone significant disruption over the past two years, owing to aggressive pricing strategies of new entrants. The smaller players, who could not compete, merged with larger players, who managed to stay afloat. As the number of players has reduced from eight to four over the past two years, the industry is seeing early signs of recovery, especially in the last two quarters of Fiscal 2019. ( _Source: CRISIL Report_ ). As part of this trend, several telecommunications carriers that we do business with have in the recent past, suffered from reduced profit margins and other significant financial pressures. Some of these companies have been acquired and are undergoing restructurings of their businesses. There is no assurance that we will continue to derive business from these carriers. Further, if any of the major carriers that we do business with encounters financial difficulties or files for bankruptcy, we may be unable to recover amounts owed to us. 

**_43. Our Statutory Auditors have included certain matters of emphasis in our Restated Financial Statements._** 

Our Statutory Auditors have included certain matters of emphasis in relation in our Restated Financial Statements. For further information, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis on the Financial Conditions and Results of Operations - Auditor Observations/ Remarks_ ” from pages 316 to 318. 

There can be no assurance that any similar remarks or matters of emphasis will not form part of our financial statements for the future fiscal periods, which could subject us to additional liabilities due to which our reputation and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_44. We are subject to guidelines issued by the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (“TRAI”) including the quality of service (QOS) guidelines. Failure to comply with one or more applicable guidelines may expose us to fines/penalties._** 

TRAI has issued guidelines to the ISPs for ensuring better quality of service. The salient features of the guidelines are as follows: 

- All internet service providers shall provide adequate information to subscribers regarding internet/ broadband services being offered and marketed by them; 

- All internet service providers shall provide information regarding contention ratios or the number of users competing for the same bandwidth, adopted by them to provide internet/ broadband service in their tariff plans submitted to TRAI, manual of practice, call centers and on their websites; 

- All internet service providers shall publish quarterly contention ratio for different internet/ broadband services on their website to facilitate subscribers to take informed decision; 

- All internet service providers must use the contention ratios better than specified ratios for different services to ensure sufficient bandwidth for providing good quality of service to their subscribers. 

Fixing up a contention ratio may put standalone ISPs at a disadvantage as cost of delivery of internet bandwidth may increase. Telecom companies offering similar internet services are tempted to offer significantly lower prices and incentives as they own the last mile. Also, by bundling telephony along with internet, they can enhance their otherwise idle last mile. Under such circumstances, it will be very difficult for ISPs providing retail service to compete with big telecom companies which can offer broadband services by cross subsidizing with voice/ other services. In the event of our failure to comply with one or more of the above guidelines, we may expose ourselves to fines/ penalties. 

In addition, the TRAI amended the tariff for telecommunication services through the Telecommunication Tariff (Sixty Third Amendment) Order, 2018, in February 2018, under which: 

- If a service provider fails to comply with the reporting requirement, then it will be charged ₹ 5,000 by way of financial disincentive for every day of delay, subject to a maximum of ₹ 200,000; and 

- In case of tariffs being found predatory, the service provider will be charged an amount not exceeding ₹ 5 million per tariff plan for each service area, by way of financial disincentive, provided the service provider 

47 

has a market share (either subscriber base or gross revenue) of at least 30% in a service area ( _Source: CRISIL Report_ ) 

In case of any failure to comply with the applicable guidelines and reporting requirements, the TRAI may impose penalties, or otherwise enforce increased scrutiny and control over our operations, including by way of withholding approvals, or issuing conditional approvals in respect of any proposed actions for which we may seek approval in the future, or even cancel our license. 

**_45. The loss of certificates, keys and passwords may result in a loss of access to our servers and the services of third parties, which may result in a loss of data, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

Due to security considerations, access to our servers and services of third parties are controlled by multifactor authentication, which include certificates, keys and passwords. These certificates, keys and passwords are typically stored on our employee’s computers. The loss of these certificates, keys and passwords may result in a loss of access to our servers or the services of third parties, which may result in a loss of data, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_46. Our Registered and Corporate Office is not owned by us and we are in the process of executing a lease deed for the same. Further all of our regional offices, facilities and premises are leased from third-parties pursuant to lease agreements, which we may be unable to renew on satisfactory terms or at all._** 

Our Company does not own the Registered and Corporate Office. The lease deed is in the process of being executed. While we have been handed over the building space, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully execute the lease deed and register it or in the future, be able to retain, renew or extend the lease for the existing location on same or similar terms, or will be able to find alternate locations on similar terms favourable to us, in time or at all. 

Further, our regional offices, data centers, network infrastructure and premises from which we conduct our operations are located on land or in buildings most of which we do not own but occupy or access on a leasehold basis. Some of our lease agreements are for short-term periods, including certain lease agreements which are for a period of upto 12 months, and therefore need to be renewed regularly. Some of these leases are renewable with the mutual agreement of our landlords, who may choose not to renew our lease on terms which are equally favorable to use or at all. Our operations, development and maintenance of our network, delivery of our services to our customers and the growth of our business depend on our ability to secure leases over such property. The third-party owners of such property may not agree to lease such property to us or to renew our leases on commercially acceptable terms or at all, or may decide to lease such property to our competitors instead of us, which may put us at a strategic disadvantage or adversely affect our business and operations. Further, if the third-party owners of the property we lease fail to comply with laws and regulations applicable to the property we lease, such property may become subject to legal proceedings or legal action, which may adversely impact our use of such property and may disrupt our operations. If we are unable to renew or secure rights to use property necessary for our operations, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_47. We have entered into, and will continue to enter into, related party transactions. There is no assurance that our future related party transactions would be on terms favourable to us when compared to similar transactions with unrelated or third parties._** 

We have entered into and may, in the course of our business, continue to enter into transactions with related parties including our Subsidiary and Key Managerial Personnel in the future. Primarily these transactions include provision of services to our Subsidiary. For further information on our related party transactions, see “ _Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 315. Further, some of our related party transactions have not been conducted on an arm’s length basis and accordingly, we were required to obtain corporate approvals for the same. We may continue to enter into related party transactions which are not on arm’s length basis. There can be no assurance that we could not have achieved more favourable commercial terms for these transaction had they been conducted with other parties. Further, it is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future and such transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. Although in terms of the Companies Act, we are required to adhere to various compliance 

48 

requirements such as obtaining prior approvals from our Audit Committee and Board for certain related party transactions, there can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

**_48. Our insurance policies do not cover all losses or risks and our insurance coverage may not adequately protect us against possible risk of loss._** 

Our operations are subject to inherent risks such as defects, malfunctions or failures of equipment, fire, natural disasters and transportation. We believe that we maintain insurance coverage in amounts consistent with the industry norms. However, our insurance may not be adequate to completely cover any or all our liabilities, specifically risks related to natural disasters, malicious acts by third-parties or human error by our suppliers or employees. Further, there is no assurance that the insurance premiums payable by us will be commercially justifiable, and that our insurance policies will be adequate to cover the losses in respect of which the insurance had been availed. For instance, we are particularly vulnerable to the loss from damage to our network due to fire, adverse weather conditions or natural disasters such as floods, storms or drought. While we maintain insurance against these risks, we cannot assure you that such insurance will be adequate. If we suffer a significant uninsured loss or if an insurance claim in respect of the subject matter of insurance is not accepted or any insured loss suffered by us significantly exceeds our insurance coverage, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

**_49. We are wholly-owned and controlled by the GoI, which makes us susceptible to changes to its policies. The GoI will continue to retain majority shareholding in our Company after the Offer, which will allow it to exercise significant influence over us. Further, the GoI could require us to take actions aimed at serving the public interest, which may not necessarily be profitable or financially feasible._** 

We are currently wholly-owned and controlled by the GoI acting through the MoR. Upon completion of the Offer, the GoI will control approximately [●]% of our paid up Equity Share capital. Accordingly, the GoI will continue to exercise significant influence over our business policies and affairs and all matters requiring shareholder approval, including the composition of our Board, the adoption of amendments to our Articles of Association, the approval of formation of subsidiary companies or joint ventures and the sale of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, lending, investments and capital expenditures. 

Under the Companies Act, we will continue to be a public sector undertaking which is owned and controlled by the President of India. This may affect the decision making process in certain business and strategic decisions taken by our Company going forward and as a result our management may take actions that are contrary to your financial interest. As a result of our controlling ownership by the GoI, we are required to adhere to certain restrictions and may not be able to diversify our services and solutions without the prior approval of the GoI. There can be no assurance that the GoI will grant us such approvals in the future. The GoI will retain control over the decisions requiring adoption by our shareholders acting by a simple majority. This concentration of ownership may also delay, defer or even prevent a change in our control and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of the GoI. The interests of the GoI with respect to such matters and the factors that it will take into account when exercising its voting rights may not be consistent with and may conflict with the interests of our other shareholders, including investors that purchase the Equity Shares in this Offer. 

Pursuant to our Articles of Association, the GoI may, from time to time, issue such directives or instructions as may be considered necessary in regard to the conduct of our business and affairs and may vary and annul any such directive or instruction. The GoI will have the power to elect and remove the Directors and therefore determine the outcome of most proposals for corporate action requiring approval of the Board or the shareholders, including with respect to the payment of dividends. For further information on the Articles of Association, see “ _Description of Equity Shares and terms of the Articles of Association”_ on page 373. 

In addition, the GoI influences our operations through various departments and policies. Our business is dependent, directly and indirectly, on the policies and support of the GoI, in many significant ways, including with respect to the cost of our capital, the financial strength of the MoR, the management and growth of our business and our overall profitability. Additionally, the MoR is also significantly affected by the policies and support of the GoI. In particular, given the importance of the Indian Railways to the Indian economy, the GoI could require us to take actions aimed at 

49 

serving the public interest, which may not necessarily be profitable or financially feasible. Any such actions or directives may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

**_50. Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report commissioned by us for such purpose. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate._** 

We have availed the services of an independent third party research agency, CRISIL Research, a division of CRISIL Limited, to prepare an industry report titled “ _Assessment of the telecom and telecom data services industry in India_ ” dated September 2020, for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Red Herring Prospectus. This report is subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. We have not independently verified data from this industry report. Although we believe that the data may be considered to be reliable, the accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed and dependability cannot be assured. While we have taken reasonable care in the reproduction of the information, the information has not been prepared or independently verified by us, or the BRLMs or any of our or their respective affiliates or advisors and, therefore, we make no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of such facts and statistics. Due to possibly flawed or ineffective collection methods or discrepancies between published information and market practice and other problems, the statistics herein may be inaccurate or may not be comparable to statistics produced for other economies and should not be unduly relied upon. Further, there is no assurance that they are stated or compiled on the same basis or with the same degree of accuracy as may be the case elsewhere. Statements from third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amounts may differ materially from those included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

The industry measures and other relevant information identified and included in the CRISIL Report takes into account such information for either all or certain of the Key IT/ ICT Companies and Key Telecom Companies only to the extent available to CRISIL (as indicated in the CRISIL Report and reflected in the “ _Industry Overview – Competitive Assessment_ ” on page 120. For example, we have derived certain industry information in this Red Herring Prospectus from the CRISIL Report, and the CRISIL Report highlights certain industry and market data relating to us and our competitors, which is not based on any standard methodology and subject to various assumptions. We cannot assure you that CRISIL’s assumptions are correct or will not change and accordingly our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_51. Failure to offer customer support in a timely and effective manner may adversely affect our relationships with our customers._** 

From time to time, our customers require our support teams to assist them in using our services effectively, help them in resolving post-deployment issues quickly and in providing ongoing support. If we do not devote sufficient resources or are otherwise unsuccessful in assisting our customers effectively in a timely manner or at all, it could adversely affect our ability to retain existing customers and could prevent prospective customers from adopting our services. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in demand for customer support. We also may be unable to modify the nature, scope and delivery of our customer support to compete with changes in the support services provided by our competitors. Increased demand for customer support, without corresponding revenue, could increase costs and adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. Our sales are highly dependent on our business reputation and on positive recommendations from our customers. Any failure to maintain high-quality customer support, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality customer support, could adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_52. We appoint contract labour for carrying out certain of our operations and we may be held responsible for paying the wages of such workers, if the independent contractors through whom such workers are hired default on their obligations, and such obligations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

In order to maintain operational efficiencies, we appoint independent contractors who in turn engage on-site contract labour for performance of certain of our operations. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, we may be held responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent 

50 

contractor, as the case may be. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, under the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970, as amended, we may be required to absorb a number of such contract labourers as permanent employees. Thus, any such order from a regulatory body or court may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_53. Our investments in technology, especially our research and development activities, may not yield the intended results in a timely manner or at all, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations._** 

We invest in and intend to continue investing in newer technologies, including, technologies to enhance our R&D capabilities, particularly with a view to enter into new businesses. Our focus areas include IoT, big data analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning. Our choice of focus areas and investments in technology and human capital for R&D are based on the management’s perception of the messaging and cloud based communications industry. We cannot assure you that such investments will yield the intended results as anticipated. Our inability to achieve intended results from our investments in R&D may adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 

**_54. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

We have declared and paid dividend in each year since Fiscal 2008. For further information, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 176. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act, 2013. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. Accordingly, realization of a gain on Shareholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. 

Further, our Subsidiary may not pay cash dividends on shares that we hold in it. Consequently, our Company may not receive any return on investments in its Subsidiary. 

# **_55. We will not receive any proceeds from the Offer_** 

The Offer comprises an offer for sale of up to 87,153,369 Equity Shares by the President of India acting through the MoR. Accordingly, we will not receive any of the proceeds of the Offer, as the same will be remitted to the Selling Shareholder. For further details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on page 86. 

**_56. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as IFRS and U.S. GAAP, which may be material to investors’ assessment of our financial condition._** 

The financial statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus have been prepared in accordance with Ind AS, as applicable, in the relevant period of reporting. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of U.S. GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of U.S. GAAP or IFRS. U.S. GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS financial statements, which are restated as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

51 

# **Risks Relating to India** 

**_57. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could also adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, pandemic diseases such as the COVID-19 and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war in India or globally may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

**_58. Any deterioration in the general economic conditions in India and globally could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our performance and the growth of our business are dependent on the health of the Indian economy. Any slowdown in the Indian economy or future volatility in global markets could increase in our borrowing costs, result in freeze in lending generally, thereby adversely affecting our business. Additionally, an increase in trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could also adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

India’s economy could be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates, adverse weather conditions affecting agriculture, commodity and energy prices as well as various other factors. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect the policy of the Government of India towards our banking and finance industry, which may in turn adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to implement our business strategy. 

The Indian economy is also influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market conditions in Asia. A loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies or any worldwide financial instability may adversely affect the Indian economy, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

**_59. Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected by disruptions in global economic conditions and the Indian economy in particular._** 

As substantially all of our operations are located in India, our financial performance and growth are necessarily dependent on economic conditions prevalent in India. The Indian economy may be materially and adversely affected by political instability or regional conflicts; a general rise in interest rates; inflation; exchange rate fluctuations; changes in tax, trade, and monetary policies; occurrence of natural or man-made disasters; downgrade in India’s debt rating; and adverse economic conditions occurring elsewhere in the world, such as a slowdown in economic growth in China, the repercussions of the United Kingdom referendum to withdraw from the European Union and other matters. While the Indian economy has grown significantly in recent years, it has experienced economic slowdowns in the past. The Indian economy could be adversely impacted by inflationary pressures, currency depreciation, the poor performance of its large agricultural and manufacturing sectors, trade deficits, recent initiatives by the Indian government towards demonetization of certain Indian currency and other factors. Unfavorable changes in the above factors or in other business and economic conditions affecting our customers could result in a corresponding decline in our business. 

We are also exposed to secondary effects of an economic downturn such as bankruptcies and restructuring of suppliers and customers, payment delays, lower demand from customers, consolidations of suppliers, credit worthiness of such 

52 

suppliers. A significant portion of our revenue is affected by fares and tariffs charged by our suppliers which are determined basis prevailing policies of the respective governments that may be affected by the economic downturn. It is difficult to predict the effects of the uncertainty in global economic conditions. If economic conditions worsen globally or in India, our growth plans, business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 

# **_60. A significant change in the Government of India's economic liberalization and deregulation policies could adversely affect our business and the price of our Equity Shares._** 

A large part of our business and customers are located in India or are related to and influenced by the Indian economy. The Government of India has traditionally exercised, and continues to exercise, a dominant influence over many aspects of the economy. Unfavorable government policies including those relating to the internet and e-commerce, consumer protection and data-privacy, could adversely affect business and economic conditions in India, our ability to implement our strategy and our future financial performance. Since 1991, successive Governments, including coalition Governments, have pursued policies of economic liberalization, including significantly relaxing restrictions on the private sector and encouraging the development of the Indian financial sector. 

However, the members of the Government of India and the composition of the coalition in power are subject to change. As a result, it is difficult to predict the economic policies that will be pursued by the Government of India. For example, there may be an increasing number of laws and regulations pertaining to the internet and e-commerce, which may relate to liability for information retrieved from or transmitted over the internet or mobile networks, user privacy, content restrictions and the quality of services provided through the internet. Furthermore, the growth and development of e-commerce may also result in more stringent consumer protection laws that may impose additional burdens on network and service providers generally. The rate of economic liberalization could change and specific laws and policies digitalization of economic activity, affecting broadband services, foreign investment, currency exchange and other matters affecting investment in our securities could change as well. Any significant change in India's economic liberalization and deregulation policies could adversely affect business and economic conditions in India generally and our business in particular. 

**_61. Any adverse change in India's credit rating by an international rating agency could materially adversely affect our business and profitability._** 

India’s sovereign rating is Baa3 with a “negative” outlook (Moody’s), BBB-with a “stable” outlook (S&P) and BBBwith a “negative” outlook (Fitch). India’s sovereign rating could be downgraded due to various factors, including changes in tax or fiscal policy or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves, which are outside our control. Any adverse change in India’s credit ratings by international rating agencies may adversely impact the Indian economy and consequently our ability to raise additional financing, and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. This could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance, ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_62. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including in India and globally, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes, including the instances briefly mentioned below, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with such changes in applicable law and policy. 

For instance, with the introduction of the General Data Protection Regulation in the European Union and for subsequent compliance by Indian compliance, we may need to comply with certain additional data protection requirements while collecting, transmitting and storing data of our customers. Further, the GAAR became effective in India from April 1, 2017. The tax consequences of the GAAR provisions being applied to an arrangement could result in denial of tax benefit among other consequences. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is uncertain. 

53 

We have not determined the impact of such legislations on our business. In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

# **_63. If there is any change in tax laws or regulations, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements for the current and future years._** 

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Ordinance, 2019 (“ **Taxation Amendment Ordinance** ”), a new tax ordinance issued by India’s Ministry of Finance on September 20, 2019, prescribed certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to the Taxation Amendment Ordinance, companies were permitted to voluntarily opt in favor of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which would ultimately reduce the effective tax rate for Indian companies from 34.94% to approximately 25.17%. The Taxation Amendment Ordinance also stipulated that once a company opts for lower tax rates, it forgoes its option to claim specified exemptions/deductions. Subsequently, in line with the Taxation Amendment Ordinance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019 (“ **Taxation Amendment Act** ”) was notified on December 12, 2019. The Taxation Amendment Act repealed the Taxation Amendment Ordinance. However, anything done or any action taken under the Taxation Amendment Ordinance is deemed to have been done or taken under the corresponding provisions of the Taxation Amendment Act. While we have opted for the concessional regime, any such future amendments may affect our other benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment and GST that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate of interest with effect from July 1, 2017. We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

The Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2021, pursuant to which the Finance Act, 2020 has introduced various amendments. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2020 may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

# **_64. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our services at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our customers and our profits might decline._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of transportation, wages, raw materials and other expenses relevant to our business. 

54 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to pass on to our customers, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or increase the amount of commission to pass the increase in costs on to our customers. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. Further, the Government of India has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **_65. The ability of Indian companies to raise foreign capital may be constrained by Indian law._** 

As an Indian company, we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies, including those specified under FEMA. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources and hence could constrain our ability to obtain financing on competitive terms. In addition, we cannot assure you that any required approvals for borrowing in foreign currency will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. Such, and other, limitations on raising foreign capital may adversely affect our business growth, results of operations, and financial condition. 

# **_66. Investors may have difficulty enforcing foreign judgements against us or our management._** 

We are a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of India. All of our Directors and executive officers are residents of India and majority of our assets and such directors’ and officers’ assets are located in India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon us or such persons outside India, or to enforce judgements obtained against us or such parties outside India. 

Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgements is provided for under Section 13, Section 14 and Section 44A of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (“CPC”) on a statutory basis. Section 13 of the CPC provides that foreign judgements shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated upon, between the same parties or between parties under whom they or any of them claim litigating under the same title except (i) where the judgement has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction; (ii) where the judgement has not been given on the merits of the case; (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgement is founded on an incorrect view of international law or a refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable; (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgement was obtained were opposed to natural justice; (v) where the judgement has been obtained by fraud; or (vi) where the judgement sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under Section 14 of the CPC, a court in India shall, upon the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgement, presume that the judgement was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. However, under the CPC, such presumption may be displaced by proving that the court did not have jurisdiction. 

Section 44A of the CPC provides that where a foreign judgement has been rendered by a superior court, within the meaning of that section, in any country or territory outside India which the Government of India has by notification declared to be in a reciprocating territory, it may be enforced in India as if the judgement had been rendered by the relevant court in India. However, Section 44A of the CPC is applicable only to monetary decrees or judgements which are not of the same nature as amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges of a like nature or of a fine or other penalties, and does not include arbitral awards. The United Kingdom, Republic of Singapore and Hong Kong are amongst those countries which have been declared by the Government of India to be reciprocating countries for the purposes of Section 44A of the CPC. 

The United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgements, other than arbitration awards, in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgement for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in the United States on civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the federal securities laws of the United States, would not be enforceable in India. However, the party in whose favour such final judgement is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgement that has been obtained in the United States. The suit must be brought in India within three years from the date of the judgement in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a civil liability in India. It is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action was brought in India. Further, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce a foreign judgement if that court were of the view that 

55 

the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy or Indian practice. It is uncertain as to whether an Indian court would enforce foreign judgements that would contravene or violate Indian law. However, a party seeking to enforce a foreign judgement in India is required to obtain approval from the RBI under FEMA to execute such a judgement or to repatriate any amount recovered. 

**_67. Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors' fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders' rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders' rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and wide-spread as shareholders' rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

# **Risks Relating to the Equity Shares** 

**_68. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction the investors are located in do not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor's benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise preemption rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in us would be reduced. 

**_69. Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding and sales of the Equity Shares by our major shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth, whether organic or inorganic, through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors' shareholdings in us. Any future issuances of Equity Shares (including under an employee benefit scheme) or the disposal of Equity Shares by any of our other principal shareholders or the perception that such issuance or sales may occur, including to comply with the minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of the Equity Shares or incurring debt. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that the shareholders will not dispose of the Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of your investment in the Equity Shares. We cannot predict the effect, if any, that the sale of the Equity Shares held by our major shareholders or the availability of these Equity Shares for future sale will have on the market price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_70. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under the current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied both at the time of transfer and acquistion of the equity shares (unless exempted under a prescribed notification), and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realised on the sale of equity shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold using any other platform other than on a recognised stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, are subject to long term capital gains tax in India. 

56 

Further, any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. In cases where the seller is a non-resident, capital gains arising from the sale of the equity shares will be partially or wholly exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. 

Historically, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the equity shares. We cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_71. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and does not fall under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the RBI’s prior approval is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. Further, this conversion is subject to the shares having been held on a repatriation basis and, either the security having been sold in compliance with the pricing guidelines or, the approval of RBI having been obtained for the sale of shares and corresponding remittance of the sale proceeds. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. 

For further information, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 372. Our ability to raise foreign capital under the FDI route is therefore constrained by Indian law, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and prospects. 

**_72. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and may experience price and volume fluctuations following the completion of the Offer, an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for our Equity Shares will develop or, if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price is proposed to be determined through a book building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and the trading price of our Equity Shares after this Offer could fluctuate significantly as a result of market volatility or due to various internal or external risks, including but not limited to those described in this Red Herring Prospectus. A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

**_73. Future sales of Equity Shares by our Promoter may adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares._** 

After the completion of the Offer, our Promoter will own, directly, more than [●]% of our outstanding Equity Shares. Upon expiry of the lock-in period provided under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our Promoter will be eligible to sell part or all of the Equity Shares held by it. Future sales of a large number of the Equity Shares by our Promoter, either in one sale or over a series of sales, could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. Similarly, the perception that any such primary or secondary sale may occur could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. No assurance may be given that our Promoter will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future, or that the market price of the Equity Shares will not be adversely affected by any such disposal, pledge or encumbrance of their Equity Shares. 

57 

**_74. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Equity Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results 

58 

