# **SECTION II - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider all the information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. We have described the risks and uncertainties that we believe are material, but these risks and uncertainties may not be the only risks relevant to us, the Equity Shares, or the industry in which we currently operate or propose to operate in. Additional risks and uncertainties, not currently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may also adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are not currently deemed material, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, the price of our Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “_ **_Our Business_** _”, “_ **_Industry Overview_** _”, “_ **_Key Regulations and Policies in India_** _”, “_ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_** _” and “_ **_Financial Information_** _” on pages 148, 114, 176, 267 and 208, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and our business and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. Potential investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are unable to quantify the financial or other impact of any of the risks described in this section. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries. To the extent that the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from industry publications, in particular, the report titled “_ **_Overview and Analysis of the Global Travel and Tourism Industry_** _” dated July 30, 2021 (the “_ **_Phocuswright Repor_** _t”), exclusively prepared and issued by Phocuswright who were appointed on June 18, 2021, and commissioned by and paid for by us. Also see, “_ **_Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Industry and Market Data_** _” on page 14._ 

# **Internal Risk Factors** 

# **Risk relating to our business** 

**_<mark>1. Substantially all of our revenues are derived from the worldwide hospitality and travel industry and factors that negatively impact that industry could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.</mark>_** 

Substantially all of our revenues are derived from the worldwide hospitality and travel industry, our earnings are therefore particularly sensitive to factors affecting business volume in these industries. The worldwide hospitality and travel industry is highly sensitive to general economic conditions and trends. One of the most significant factors that has affected, and is continuing to affect, travel and the global economy is the COVID-19 pandemic, which has resulted in a significant fall in demand for travel worldwide. As a result of this, the global economy and the financial system has experienced, and will continue to experience, a period of volatility and uncertainty towards a global recession affecting all the markets in which we operate. 

In addition to general economic conditions, the global hospitality and travel industry is highly susceptible to other factors that are entirely outside the Group’s control, including: 

- global security issues, political instability, civil unrest, acts or threats of terrorism, hostilities or war and other geopolitical issues; 

- increased security measures at ports of travel that reduce the convenience of certain modes of transport; 

- world energy prices, particularly fuel price escalations; 

- prolonged work stoppages or labour unrest, especially if affecting any of the major hotel chains, airlines or airports; 

- changes in the laws and regulations governing or otherwise affecting the hospitality and travel industry, such as travel or mobility restrictions, regulatory actions, aircraft groundings, or changes to regulations 

24 

governing airlines and the hospitality and travel industry, such as governmental sanctions prohibiting or otherwise adversely affecting doing business with certain jurisdictions; 

- 

   - epidemics or pandemics, such as the most recent COVID-19 pandemic; 

- natural disasters, such as flood, hurricanes, volcanic eruptions, earthquakes, <mark>drought, wildfires</mark> and tsunamis; 

- 

   - aircraft, train and other travel-related accidents, and 

- trends in consumer and business confidence, disposable income, the availability and cost of consumer finance, interest and exchange rates 

Other factors that increase the cost of travel, hotel accommodation and travel-related services or that otherwise adversely affect hotel occupancy rates, airline passenger numbers or domestic, regional and international travel patterns or volumes also impact our business operations and financial performance. The overall impact on the hospitality and travel industry of the above and similar factors can also be influenced by travellers’ perception of, and reaction to, the scope, severity and timing of such factors. If travel volumes continue to be depressed or further decline, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or any of the other factors described above or otherwise, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_<mark>2. The COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant adverse effect on our business and operations, and its future impact on our business, operations and financial performance is uncertain.</mark>_** 

The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, its continuing impact and recent developments, as well as government measures to reduce the spread of COVID-19, have had a substantial impact on the business of our customers and consequently it impacted our business and operations since early 2020. In response to the pandemic, governments around the world have implemented measures such as travel restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, border closures and other measures that have had, and will continue to have, a significant negative impact on the travel and hospitality sector. Such travel bans and quarantine measures have significantly and adversely affected the hospitality and travel industry. In particular, these measures have impacted and continue to impact travel, hotel bookings, flight scheduling, air bookings and cancellations, and ability of passengers to access airline services, car rental, cruises, etc., thereby adversely impacting hospitality and travel industry businesses such as hotels and airlines, leading to, in certain cases, even bankruptcy of some of these operators. Europe's travel market was devastated by the coronavirus pandemic in 2020, with losses in every travel segment. Europe’s recovery has been hit by multiple waves of COVID-19. The COVID-19 pandemic eviscerated the U.S. air travel segment in 2020, with second quarter bookings down 91% compared to the prior year. In India, a stalled economy and lockdown restrictions crippled several industries nationwide, including travel and tourism. India travel revenue shrunk 67% from US$30.2 billion in 2019 to US$9.9 billion in 2020. ( _Source: Phocuswright Report_ ) 

Our business is dependent on the ability of consumers to travel, and our prospects are therefore contingent on a timely recovery of global travel and hospitality industry to, or near to, pre-COVID-19 pandemic levels. There are various factors that could prevent such a recovery, such as, ongoing or additional government restrictions (including the re-imposition of travel restrictions in various countries or regions where our customers operate as a result of the second, third or subsequent waves of COVID-19 outbreaks), extended travel bans, quarantine measures, as well as potential general economic recession or slowdown resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic or a general shift from business travel to virtual meetings and conferences, among other factors. 

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we were unable to meet certain covenants included in our credit agreement with Silicon Valley Bank, such breach was eventually waived by the bank and set aside the current covenant requirements until the three months ended June 30, 2021. The bank has included a fresh set of financial covenants using forecasts that take into account the impact of COVID-19 until the three months ended June 30, 2021. Additionally, principal amount payable for the three months ended June 30, 2020 and six months ended September 30, 2020 have been deferred until the term loan maturity date, _i.e._ , June 2024. For further information, see “ **_Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note 18_** ” on page 241. In addition, on account of COVID-19, our Subsidiary, RateGain Technologies Inc., closed its office in Dallas, United States and the landlord alleged that it was in default of the lease owing to unpaid rent and filed suit against our Subsidiary. The parties settled the lawsuit and our Subsidiary agreed to, among other things, pay the landlord the sum of US$ 350,000 in instalments. 

In addition, while governments worldwide have commended the bulk immunisation process or vaccination drive since early 2021, achieving complete vaccination scale is likely to involve a significant amount of time. There is also no assurance that the vaccines that have been or are being developed will be fully effective, including against new variants of the virus, or that they will not have adverse side effects. In addition, despite substantial progress in vaccination rates, certain of these vaccines may not be recognised globally or in jurisdictions with major travel 

25 

hubs and tourism destinations, and this may continue to present constraints to travel and adversely impact global hospitality and travel industry. 

<mark>The impact of the pandemic on our business, operations and future financial performance have included and may in the future include the following:</mark> 

- <mark>Permanent and temporary closure of our offices worldwide and virtualising, postponing, or canceling customer, employee, or industry events, which may negatively impact our business. Further, legal disputes with the lessors arising in relation to the closure of offices and claims for reduction of monthly rents, for instance, we have filed an interlocutory application against one of our lessor for reduction in monthly rent for our two Corporate Offices. For further details, see “</mark> **_<mark>Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments</mark>_** <mark>” on page 305. RateGain US, one of our Subsidiaries, was made a party to a lawsuit by one of the lessor in relation to closure and non-payment of rent for our office situated in the United States.</mark> 

- <mark>Disruptions in the operations of our customers and prospective customers, including as a result of travel restrictions and/or business shutdowns, uncertainty in the financial markets or other harm to their business and financial performance, leading to reduction in information technology budgets, delayed purchasing decisions, longer sales cycles, extended payment terms, the timing of payments, ability to pay for our services and solutions on time or at all and postponed or cancelled projects, all of which may negatively impact our business and operating results, including sales and cash flows.</mark> 

- <mark>Carrying out field sales and professional services activities remotely, as compared to conducting them in person. Currently, as a result of the work and travel restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic, and the precautionary measures that we have adopted, substantially all of our field sales and professional services activities are being conducted remotely. We are unable to evaluate the extent of the negative impact of such restrictions and precautionary measures on our ability to attract new customers or retain and expand our relationships with existing customers.</mark> 

- <mark>Remote working arrangements for our employees, which may have a negative impact on our operations; the execution of our business plans; our ability to recruit, train, manage, and retain employees; the productivity and availability of key personnel and other employees due to, among other things, their own illness or the illness of family members, distractions at home or unstable internet connections, necessary to conduct our business; and on third-party service providers who perform critical services for us, or otherwise cause operational failures due to changes in our normal business practices necessitated by the outbreak and related governmental actions. If a natural disaster, power outage, connectivity issue, or other event occurred that impacted our employees’ ability to work remotely, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible, for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. The increase in remote working may also result in increased consumer privacy, data security, and fraud risks, and our understanding of applicable legal and regulatory requirements, as well as the latest guidance from regulatory authorities in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, may be subject to legal or regulatory challenge, particularly as regulatory guidance evolves in response to future developments.</mark> 

- <mark>Slow decision-making and delayed planned work by our customers resulting in reduced demand of our products and solutions from such customers.</mark> 

<mark>More generally, the COVID-19 pandemic has and is expected to continue to adversely affect economies and financial markets globally, leading to a continued economic downturn, which may impact technology spending, particularly in the hospitality and travel industry, which could adversely affect demand for our products and solutions. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, our revenue from operations contracted by 37.10%, from ₹ 3,987.14 million in Fiscal 2020 to ₹ 2,507.93 million in Fiscal 2021, compared to our revenue from operation of ₹ 2,615.74 million in Fiscal 2019. For further information, see “</mark> **_<mark>Restated Consolidated Financial Information</mark>_** <mark>on page 208. Moreover, to the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business, financial condition, and results of operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this</mark> _<mark>“Risk Factors”</mark>_ <mark>section, including but not limited to, those related to our ability to increase sales to existing and new customers, continue to perform on existing contracts, attract and retain human resources, develop and deploy new technologies, expand our marketing capabilities and sales organisation, generate sufficient cash flow to service our indebtedness, and comply with the covenants in the agreements that govern our indebtedness. There can be no assurance regarding how long such adverse trends in our business and financial performance may continue.</mark> 

26 

**_3. Our business depends on our customers renewing their contracts and on us expanding our sales to existing customers. Any decline in our customer contract renewals or expansion or any impairment of our longterm relationships with our customers would adversely affect our business operations and financial performance._** 

<mark>Our ability to maintain continuing relationships with our customers is essential to the growth, profitability and our results of operations. In order for us to maintain or improve our results of operations, it is important that we establish, maintain and expand our relationships with new and existing customers and that our existing customers renew their contracts when the contract term expires or otherwise expand the scope of their contracts with us. Some of our customers have in the past elected, and may in the future elect, not to renew their contracts with us or otherwise reduce the scope of their contracts. In addition, we do not have any exclusive arrangements with our customers. The growth of our business depends in part on our customers expanding their use of our products and solutions, which can be difficult to predict.</mark> 

<mark>Our customers typically are not obligated to renew, upgrade, or expand their contractually agreed terms with us. In Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021, our Gross Retention Rate was 92.78%, 95.46% and 89.24%, respectively. If one or more of our customers terminate their contracts with us, whether for convenience, for default in the event of a breach by us, or for other reasons specified in our contracts, as applicable; if our customers elect not to renew their contracts with us; if our customers renew their contractual arrangements with us for shorter contract periods or for a reduced scope; or if our customers otherwise seek to renegotiate terms of their existing contracts on terms less favourable to us, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. This adverse impact would be even more pronounced with respect to customers that represent a material portion of our revenue or business operations. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from existing customers in the form of long-term arrangements, and increasing the scope of contract terms and the number of engagements of our existing customers is a major part of our growth strategy. Revenue contributed from ten major customer groups was ₹ 1,102.74 million, ₹ 1,766.60 million and ₹ 928.13 million and represented 42.16%, 44.31% and 37.01% of our revenue from operations in Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. For further information, see “</mark> **_<mark>Our Business - Customers</mark>_** <mark>” on page 169. Certain of our customers, including customers that represent a significant portion of our business, have in the past reduced their spend with us or terminated their agreements with us, which has reduced our anticipated future payments or revenue from these customers. It is not possible for us to predict the future level of demand from our enterprise customers for our products and solutions.</mark> 

<mark>Our ability to renew or expand our customer relationships may decrease or vary as a result of a number of factors, including our customers’ satisfaction or dissatisfaction with our products and solutions, their reliability, our pricing, the effects of general economic conditions, competitive offerings or alternatives, or reductions in our customers’ spending levels. If our customers do not renew or expand their agreements with us or if they renew their contracts for shorter lengths or on other terms less favourable to us, our revenue may grow more slowly than expected or decline, and our business could suffer. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations would also be adversely affected if we face difficulty collecting our accounts receivable from our customers. In addition, our customers’ decisions to expand the deployment of our products and solutions depend on a number of factors, including general economic conditions, the effectiveness and value proposition of our products and solutions, the ability of our sales teams and customer support teams to assist our customers in identifying new use cases, modernising their data architectures, achieving success with data-driven initiatives, and our customers’ satisfaction with our products, solutions and support services. If our efforts to expand within our existing customer base are not successful, our business operations and financial performance may be adversely impacted.</mark> 

**_4. If we are unable to attract new customers in a manner that is cost-effective and assures customer success, then our business, results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected._** 

<mark>In order to grow our business, we must continue to attract new customers in a cost-effective manner and enable such customers to realise the benefits associated with our products and solutions, so that we get sufficient opportunity to further enhance these relationships. Our customer base has grown from 1,190 Active Customers as of March 31, 2019 to 1,337 Active Customers as of March 31, 2021 and we had 1,434 customers as of June 30, 2021. We may not be able to attract new customers for a variety of reasons, including as a result of their use of traditional approaches to revenue management, internal timing or budget or the pricing of our products and solutions compared to products and services offered by our competitors. After a customer makes a decision to purchase or subscribe to our products, we also typically help them implement our platform and products within their organisation, including providing training and addressing their technological needs, and these processes in certain cases may involve a significant period of time. Further, on account of COVID-19, new categories of products have evolved due to a change in the hospitality and travel industry which requires more automation, real</mark> 

27 

<mark>time intelligence and advanced forecasting techniques, such as, information on COVID-19 cases and demand as per new restrictions.</mark> 

<mark>Even if we do attract new customers, the cost of their acquisition or ongoing customer support may prove so high as to prevent us from achieving or sustaining profitability, particularly where we are taking on small engagements with the prospect of subsequently expanding our contract scope with them. Our Customer Acquisition Cost was ₹ 0.90 million, ₹ 0.98 million and ₹ 0.93 million in Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. We intend to continue to hire additional sales personnel, increase our marketing activities to help educate the hospitality and travel industry about the benefits of our products, solutions and platform, grow our operations in India and international operations and build brand awareness. If the costs of these sales and marketing efforts increase dramatically or if they do not result in the cost-effective acquisition of additional customers or substantial increases in revenue, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.</mark> 

**_5. We derive, have derived and expect to continue to derive, the substantial majority of our revenue from contracts in relation to our Distribution products. Any failure of our Distribution products to satisfy customer demands, achieve increased market acceptance or adapt to changing market dynamics would adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects._** 

<mark>We derive, have derived and expect to continue to derive the substantial majority of our revenues from contracts in relation to our Distribution products such as DHISCO and RezGain. In Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021, revenue from operations from contracts in relation to our Distribution segment was ₹ 1,321.87 million, ₹ 1,993.66 million and ₹ 1,218.05 million and represented 50.54%, 50.00% and 48.57%, respectively, of our total revenue from operations in such periods. As such, the market acceptance of our Distribution products is critical to our success. Demand for our Distribution products is affected by a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the extension of our Distribution products for new use cases, the timing of development and release of new products, features and functionality introduced by us or our competitors, technological change, privacy and data protection issues, and the growth or contraction of the market in which we compete. For further information, see “</mark> **_<mark>Our Business – Business Operations</mark>_** <mark>” on page 160.</mark> 

<mark>In addition, we expect that an increasing focus on customer satisfaction and the growth of various communications channels and new technologies will profoundly impact the market for SaaS products. We believe that enterprises are increasingly looking for flexible solutions that bridge across traditionally separate systems for competitive intelligence, revenue management, distribution and marketing technology solutions. If we are unable to meet this demand to manage customer experiences through flexible solutions designed to address a broad range of needs, or if we otherwise fail to achieve more widespread market acceptance of our SaaS products, our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects may be adversely affected.</mark> 

**_6. The market for SaaS solutions in the hospitality and travel industry is new and evolving, and if this market develops more slowly than we expect or declines, or develops in a way that we do not expect, our business could be adversely affected._** 

<mark>Because we generate, and expect to continue to generate, a large majority of our revenue from contracts in relation to our SaaS products, we believe that our success and growth will depend to a large extent on the widespread acceptance and adoption of SaaS solutions in general, and of our DaaS, Distribution and MarTech products in particular. The market for SaaS solutions in the hospitality and travel industry is relatively new and rapidly evolving, and if this market fails to grow or grows more slowly than we currently anticipate, demand for our SaaS products could be adversely affected. The travel SaaS solutions market is subject to rapidly changing user demand and trends and as a result it is difficult to predict enterprise adoption rates and demand for our SaaS products, the future growth rate and size of our market or the impact of competitive solutions.</mark> 

<mark>The expansion of the travel SaaS products market depends on a number of factors, including awareness of the SaaS business model generally, ease of adoption and use, cost, features, performance and overall platform experience, data security, protection and privacy, interoperability and accessibility across devices, systems and platforms and perceived value. If SaaS solutions do not continue to achieve market acceptance, or there is a reduction in demand for SaaS solutions for any reason, including a lack of category or use case awareness, technological challenges, weakening economic conditions, data security, protection or privacy concerns, competing technologies and products or decreases in information technology spending, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.</mark> 

28 

**_7. Real or perceived defects or errors on our platform and products or failure to comply with standards required by our clients under our client contracts could harm our reputation, result in product liability claims and significant costs to us, impair our ability to enter into future contracts in relation to our platform and products, and serve our existing customers._** 

The software underlying our platform and products, particularly in our DaaS and Distribution business, is complex and may contain design issues, defects or errors, that could be difficult to detect and correct, particularly when first introduced or when new features or capabilities are released. In addition, our platform and products depend on the ability of our software to store, retrieve, process and manage immense amounts of data. Any real or perceived defects, errors, failures, bugs or vulnerabilities could result in negative publicity, cybersecurity breaches and other data security, privacy, access, retention issues, performance issues and customer terminations and may impair our ability to enter into client contracts for our platform, products and solutions in the future. Some errors, bugs or vulnerabilities inherently may be difficult to detect and may only be discovered after code has been released for external or internal use. The costs incurred in correcting any defects in our platform and products may be substantial and could adversely affect our results of operations. For example, we may need to expend significant financial and development resources to analyse, correct, eliminate, or work around errors or defects or to address and eliminate vulnerabilities. Although we continually test our platform and products for defects and work with customers through our customer support organisation to identify and correct errors, we have sometimes identified defects or errors on our platform and products, and defects or errors are likely to occur again in the future. There have been instances where certain defects or errors have been identified post-release. We report these defects / errors on internal tickets and are resolved as part of our agile development programme. Further, under our client contracts, we are required to indemnify our customers for liability arising from intellectual property infringement claims with respect to our software. These indemnification obligations could be significant and we may not have adequate insurance coverage to protect us against all claims. Any defects that cause interruptions to the availability of our platform and products or other performance issues could result in, among other things: 

- <mark>lost revenue or delayed market acceptance and contracts in relation to our platform and products;</mark> 

- <mark>early termination of customer agreements or loss of customers;</mark> 

- <mark>credits or refunds to customers;</mark> 

- <mark>product liability lawsuits and other claims against us;</mark> 

- <mark>diversion of development resources;</mark> 

- <mark>increased expenses associated with remedying any defect, including increased technical support costs;</mark> 

- <mark>injury to our brand and reputation; and</mark> 

- <mark>increased maintenance and warranty costs.</mark> 

While our customer agreements typically contain limitations and disclaimers that purport to limit our liability for damages related to defects in our products, such limitations and disclaimers may not be enforced by a court or other tribunal or otherwise effectively protect us from such claims. The combination of our insurance coverage, cash flows and reserves may not be adequate to satisfy product liabilities we may incur in the future. Even meritless claims could subject us to adverse publicity, hinder us from securing insurance coverage in the future, require us to incur significant legal fees, decrease demand for the platform or any products that we successfully develop, divert management’s attention, and force us to limit or forgo further development and commercialisation of the platform and these products. Such defects or quality issues could therefore harm our reputation, result in significant costs to us, and materially affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_8. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from operations from a limited number of markets and any adverse developments in these markets could adversely affect our business._** 

We have historically derived a significant portion of our revenues from operations from a limited number of markets, namely, North America and Europe. Revenue generated from sale of services in the North America and Europe was ₹ 2,147.99 million , ₹ 3,333.35 million and ₹ 1,999.81 million and represented 82.12%, 83.60% and 79.74%, respectively, of our total revenue from operations in Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. Our revenues from these markets may decline as a result of increased competition, regulatory action such as Brexit related measures, pricing pressures, fluctuations in the demand for or supply of our platform, products or services, change in applicable laws and government policies, health and security threats or the outbreak of an infectious disease such as COVID-19. Our failure to effectively react to these situations or to successfully introduce new products or solutions in these markets could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. Further, our international operations are subject to risks that are specific to each country and region in which we operate, as well as risks associated with international operations, in general. These risks include complying with changes in foreign laws, regulations and policies, including restrictions on trade, import 

29 

and export license requirements, and tariffs and taxes, intellectual property enforcement issues and changes in foreign trade and investment policies. 

**_9. We are required to comply with certain restrictive covenants under our financing agreement. Any noncompliance may lead to, amongst others, accelerated repayment schedule and suspension of further drawdowns, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Financing arrangements entered into by us may include conditions that require our Company to obtain respective lenders’ consent prior to carrying out certain activities and entering into certain transactions. Failure to meet these conditions or obtain these consents could have significant consequences on our business and operations. These covenants vary depending on the requirements of the financial institution extending such loan and the conditions negotiated under each financing agreement. Some of the corporate actions that require prior consents from Silicon Valley Bank, our only lender as of the date of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus, may include, amongst others, changes to the capital structure of our Company, memorandum and/or articles of association of our Company, management control, and directorship or shareholding of the controlling shareholders in our Company. While we have received relevant consents/waivers required for the purposes of this Offer and have complied with these covenants, a failure to comply with such covenants in the future may restrict or delay certain actions or initiatives that we may propose to take from time to time. 

A failure to observe the covenants under our financing arrangement or to obtain necessary consents/ waivers may lead to acceleration of amounts due under such facilities and triggering of cross default provisions. Due to the pandemic, we were unable to meet certain covenants included in our credit agreement with Silicon Valley Bank which breach was eventually waived by the bank and set aside the current covenant requirements until the three months ended June 30, 2021. The bank has included a fresh set of financial covenants using forecasts that take into account the impact of COVID-19 until the three months ended June 30, 2021. Additionally, principal amount payable for the three months ended June 30, 2020 and six months ended September 30, 2020 have been deferred until the term loan maturity date, _i.e._ , June 2024. If the obligations under our financing documents are accelerated, we may have to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments under such financing documents, thereby reducing the availability of cash for our working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes. In addition, during any period in which we are in default, we may be unable to raise, or face difficulties raising, further financing. 

**_10. If we are not able to innovate, effectively develop product enhancements, introduce new products or keep pace with technological developments, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected._** 

Our future success will depend on our ability to adapt and innovate. To attract new customers and increase revenue from our existing customers, we will need to enhance and improve our existing platform and introduce new products, features and functionality based on continuing changes in technology, industry standards and client preferences. Enhancements and new products that we develop may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner, may contain errors or defects and may have interoperability difficulties with our platform or other products. We have in the past experienced delays in our internally planned release dates of new products, features and functionality, and there can be no assurance that these developments will be released according to schedule. We have also invested, and may continue to invest, in the acquisition of complementary businesses and technologies that we believe will enhance our platform. However, we may not be able to integrate these acquisitions successfully or achieve the expected benefits of such acquisitions. If we are unable to successfully develop, acquire or integrate new products, features and functionality or enhance our existing platform and products to meet the needs of our existing or potential customers in a timely and effective manner, or if a customer is not satisfied with the standard of our platform or products or with the technical support services rendered, we could incur additional costs to address the situation and our business, results of operations and financial performance could be adversely affected. An inability to recognise and incorporate evolving technology for the improvement of our platform or products, whether due to technology capability or capital constraints could also have a significant adverse impact on our business and competitive advantage. 

AI and machine learning technologies serve a key role for our platform and in many of our products. As with many technological innovations, AI and machine learning present risks and challenges that could affect their adoption, and therefore our business. For example, AI presents emerging ethical issues and if we enable or offer solutions that draw controversy due to their perceived or actual impact on society, we may experience brand or reputational harm, competitive harm or legal liability. Potential government regulation in the space of AI ethics 

30 

may also increase the burden and cost of research and development in this area, subjecting us to brand or reputational harm, competitive harm or legal liability. Failure to address AI ethics issues by us or others in our industry could undermine public confidence in AI and slow adoption of AI in our platform, products and solutions. In addition, given that AI technology is relatively new, we cannot assure you that the AI-based technologies we implement and algorithms we develop will yield the benefits we anticipate. 

In addition, because our platform and products are designed to integrate and operate with a variety of networks, applications, systems and devices, we will need to continually modify and enhance our platform and products to keep pace with technological advancements in such networks, applications, systems and devices. If we are unable to respond in a timely, user-friendly and cost-effective manner to these rapid technological developments, or successfully adopt such advancements and deploy it profitably, our platform and products may become less marketable and less competitive or obsolete, and our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_11. We may not derive the anticipated benefits from our strategic investments and acquisitions and we may not be successful in pursuing future investments and acquisitions._** 

As part of our growth strategy, we have in the past and intend to continue to invest in and acquire stake in companies that are complementary to our business and technology offerings. For example, in Fiscal 2019, we acquired DHISCO, a hotel distribution technology company. We also acquired 100% stake in BCV Social, a marketing technology company, in Fiscal 2020 to focus on social media management for the hospitality sector. We are currently evaluating potential opportunities and targets for acquisition. We believe that our investments and acquisitions serve to improve and expand our platform, the products and services that we offer our customers. 

There can be no assurance that our investments and acquisitions will achieve their anticipated benefits. We may not be able to integrate acquired operations, personnel and technologies successfully or effectively manage our combined business following the acquisition. Our investments and acquisitions may subject us to uncertainties and risks, including potential ongoing and unforeseen or hidden liabilities, diversion of management resources and cost of integrating acquired businesses. We may also experience difficulties and additional expenses associated with supporting legacy products and hosting infrastructure of the acquired business and retaining suppliers and customers of the acquired business. 

We may not succeed in implementing our strategy of growth through strategic investments and acquisitions in the future as it is subject to many factors which are beyond our control, including our ability to identify, attract and successfully execute suitable acquisition opportunities and partnerships. Any failure to achieve the anticipated benefits of our past investments and acquisitions or to consummate new investments and acquisitions in the future could negatively impact our ability to compete in the hospitality and travel industry and have a material adverse effect on our business. 

**_12. If we experience a cyber security breach or other security incident or unauthorised parties otherwise obtain access to our customers’ data or our data, our platform and products may be perceived as not being secure, our reputation may be harmed, demand for our platform and products may be reduced and we may incur significant liabilities._** 

We collect, manage, store, transmit and otherwise process vast amounts of data as part of our business and operations and manage our own data centre apart from the third party data centres we use. We have in the past been subject to phishing and malware attacks. However, these attacks have not had resulted in any adverse impact on our Company or resulted in any financial impact. We may, in the future, continue to be subject to cybersecurity attacks by third parties or internally seeking unauthorised access to our data or to disrupt our ability to provide our platform and products. 

While we have taken steps to protect the security of the information that we handle, there can be no assurance that any security measures that we or our third-party service providers have implemented will be effective against current or future security threats. Our security measures or those of our third-party service providers could fail and result in unauthorised access to or use of our platform and products or unauthorised, accidental or unlawful access to, or disclosure, modification, misuse, loss or destruction of, our or our customers’ data. 

In addition, computer malware, computer hacking, fraudulent use, social engineering (such as, spear phishing attacks), ransomware, credential stuffing, denial of service attacks, supply chain attacks, and general malicious activity have become more prevalent, and such incidents or incident attempts have occurred in the past and may 

31 

occur in the future. Any actual or perceived failure to maintain the performance, reliability, confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our platform and products to the satisfaction of our customers may harm our reputation and our ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers. A substantial portion of our business is with large enterprises, which often have heightened sensitivity to data security, protection and privacy issues, and any actual or perceived cybersecurity breach or other security incident may have an especially large impact on the attractiveness of our platform and products to our customer base. 

Customers who lose confidence in the security of our platform and products as the result of an actual or perceived cybersecurity breach or other security incident may curtail or stop using our services, which may cause our reputation to suffer or result in widespread negative publicity. Additionally, we may incur significant harm including legal and regulatory exposure, including governmental or third-party lawsuits, disputes, investigations, orders, regulatory fines, penalties for violation of applicable laws or regulations or other liabilities and negative financial impacts, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, given that a significant part of our operations are in North America and Europe, we are also subject to onerous data protection and privacy laws such as General Data Protection Regulation as well as other international and local regulations in these jurisdictions, breaches of which could cause significant losses and penalties adversely affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition. For further information, see “ – **_We are subject to various Indian and international laws and regulations regarding privacy and data security, we or our clients may be subject to regulations related to the handling and transfer of certain types of sensitive and confidential information. Any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could impose significant compliance burdens._** ” on page 38. 

**_13. Our expansion into new business verticals or product categories may expose us to new challenges and more risks._** 

We currently operate under three distinct business verticals, namely, DaaS, Distribution and MarTech. Our DaaS, Distribution and MarTech verticals generated ₹ 933.77 million, ₹ 1,218.05 million and ₹ 356.11 million and represented 37.23%, 48.57% and 14.20%, respectively, of our total revenue from operations in Fiscal 2021. We have forayed into the MarTech segment with a particular focus on the hospitality sector through our acquisition of BCV Social in 2019. Our limited experience with these products may expose us to new challenges and operating in this segment may also impact our product mix and revenues in future. Therefore, our past results of operations should not be taken as indicative of our future performance. If we cannot successfully manage our product mix, address new challenges or compete effectively, we may not be able to recover costs of our investments and eventually achieve profitability, and our future results of operations and growth prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 

**_14. We have in the past been non-compliant with certain provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, in relation to allotment of equity shares. While we have filed applications for the compounding of these offences with relevant of authorities, we cannot assure you that the compounding application will be resolved in our favour or we will not be penalised for any of the contraventions._** 

Our Company has filed a compounding application before the Regional Director (Northern Region at New Delhi), Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India, on August 14, 2021 for non-compliance of section 42 of the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 14 of the Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014, as amended, and other applicable rules and provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. Our Company had allotted 160 Equity Shares, as partly paid-up shares, to certain company executives on private placement basis on March 8, 2021. However, during the process of offer and allotment of equity shares, our Company has inadvertently contravened the afore-mentioned compliance requirements under the Companies Act, 2013 and rules made thereunder. 

While we have taken steps to rectify these non-compliances, there can be no assurance that we will receive favourable order in the compounding application and even after receiving favourable order, we may be subject to penalties for such past non-compliances. Further, if the compounding application is rejected, our Directors and any officer of our Company who are determined to be in default, may be subject to additional penalties. 

**_15. Exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our results of operations as a portion of our revenues and expenditures are denominated in foreign currencies._** 

We are exposed to foreign exchange related risks as a significant portion of our revenue from operations are in foreign currency, including the US Dollar, Euro and Pound Sterling. Revenues from sale of services outside India 

32 

was ₹2,576.79 million, ₹3,949.89 million and ₹2,488.93 million and represented 98.51%, 99.07% and 99.24%, respectively, of our total revenue from operations in Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. A portion of our expenses, including salaries and wages payable and rental expenses, are denominated in currencies other than Indian Rupees. Although our global operations provide some degree of natural hedging, our operations are exposed to exchange rate fluctuations. We may also be required to make provisions for foreign exchange differences in accordance with accounting standards, particularly when preparing our consolidated financial statements, given our financial statements for our various international subsidiaries are in foreign currency and are required to be converted to Indian Rupees at a period end exchange rate. While we make provisions for foreign exchange fluctuations and also take steps to hedge our foreign currency fluctuation risk, a significant or frequent fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and other currencies, may adversely affect our results of operations. The exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies, primarily the US Dollar, has fluctuated in the past and our results of operations have been impacted by such fluctuations in the past and may be impacted by such fluctuations in the future. Accordingly, any appreciation or depreciation of the Indian Rupee against these currencies can impact our results of operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our foreign currency risk effectively or mitigate exchange exposures which may adversely affect our financial performance. 

# **_16. The deployment of Net Proceeds towards our inorganic growth initiatives may not take place within the period currently intended, and may be reduced or extended._** 

Our Company proposes to utilise the Net Proceeds towards _, inter alia,_ funding inorganic growth initiatives as permitted under the Memorandum of Association. We propose to utilise at least 20% of the Net Proceeds towards acquisitions and other strategic initiatives, with a view to expand our product portfolio and improve performance of our existing products and grow our geographic reach and customer base. For further details, see “ **_Objects of the Offer_** ” on page 94. Accordingly, our decision to utilise the Net Proceeds towards inorganic growth initiatives may have an impact on our cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Further, in the event the portion of the Net Proceeds to be utilised for the inorganic growth initiatives are insufficient, we may have to seek alternative sources of funding. As we have not identified any target company and the Net Proceeds are not proposed to be utilized towards implementing any specific project, a schedule of implementation and deployment of funds in relation to the Objects has not been provided in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. While we intend to deploy the Net Proceeds towards the Objects over the next two Financial Years from listing of the Equity Shares pursuant to the Offer, and as described in the section titled “ **_Objects of the Offer_** ” on page 94, the actual deployment of funds will depend on a number of factors, including identification of target company, market conditions, our Board’s analysis of economic trends and business requirements, competitive landscape, ability to identify and consummate inorganic growth opportunities as well as general factors affecting our results of operations, financial condition and access to capital. Depending upon such factors, we may, subject to applicable law, have to reduce or extend the deployment period for the stated object beyond the estimated two Financial Years, at the discretion of our management. We cannot assure you that the deployment of Net Proceeds will take place within the two Financial Years from listing of Equity Shares, as currently intended. 

# **_17. Failure to protect our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our business and our brand._** 

<mark>Our success and ability to compete depends, in part, on our ability to protect our trade secrets, trademarks,  knowhow, confidential information, proprietary methods and technologies and other intellectual property and proprietary rights, so that we can prevent others from using our inventions, proprietary information and property. We generally rely on common law trade secret and trademark laws, and confidentiality or license agreements with our employees, consultants, vendors, customers and other third parties, and generally limit access to and distribution of our proprietary information, in order to protect our intellectual property rights and maintain our competitive position. However, we cannot guarantee that the steps we take to protect our intellectual property rights will be effective.</mark> 

<mark>As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, we had five trademarks registered in the name of our Company and 13 trademarks registered in the name of our Subsidiaries. In addition, five trademark applications were pending registration globally where we and  our Subsidiaries operate, including three applications in India. As we expand our activities globally, our exposure to unauthorised copying and use of our products and platform capabilities and proprietary information will likely increase. We are currently unable to measure the full extent of this unauthorised use of our products, platform capabilities, software, and proprietary information. We believe, however, that such unauthorised use can be expected to be an issue that negatively impacts our revenue and financial results. Additional uncertainty may result from recent and future changes to intellectual property legislation and from interpretations of the intellectual property laws by applicable courts and agencies. Further,</mark> 

33 

<mark>although we endeavour to enter into non-disclosure agreements with our employees, licensees and others who may have access to confidential and proprietary information, we cannot assure that these agreements or other steps we have taken will prevent unauthorised use, disclosure or reverse engineering of our technology. Moreover, third parties may independently develop technologies or products that compete with ours, and we may be unable to prevent this competition.</mark> 

<mark>We might be required to spend significant resources to defend, monitor, and protect our intellectual property rights, such as by initiating claims or litigation against third parties for infringement of our proprietary rights or to establish the validity of our proprietary rights. However, we may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be adequate to compensate us for the harm suffered. Additionally, we may provoke third parties to assert counterclaims against us. Any litigation, whether or not it is resolved in our favour, could result in significant expense to us and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel, which may adversely affect our business operations or financial results. For any of these reasons, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property. If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, our competitors might gain access to our technology or use of our brand, and our business might be adversely affected.</mark> 

**_18. In addition to our own data centre, we also rely on third-party data centres and cloud computing providers, and any interruption or delay in service from these facilities could impair the delivery of our platform and products and adversely impact our business and results of operations._** 

<mark>We currently serve our customers through both our own data centre, through DHISCO and with third-party data centres and cloud computing providers for our DaaS products located around the world. Some of these facilities may be located in areas prone to natural disasters and may experience events such as earthquakes, floods, fires, severe weather events, power loss, computer or telecommunication failures, service outages or losses, and similar events. We have faced certain instances of outages in our own as well as third-party centres in the past. For example, in December 2020 and February 2021, we faced an outage of an hour due to slow average rate index processing, which affected our customer's access to RezGain. They may also be subject to break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and similar misconduct or cybersecurity issues, human error, terrorism, improper operation, unauthorised entry and data loss. In the event of significant physical damage to one of these data centres, it may take a significant period of time to achieve full resumption of our services, and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities. We may also incur significant costs for using alternative equipment or taking other actions in preparation for, or in reaction to, events that damage the data centres that we use. Although we carry business interruption insurance, it may not be sufficient to compensate us for the potentially significant losses, including the potential harm to the future growth of our business that may result from interruptions in our platform, products or services.</mark> 

<mark>As we grow and continue to add new third-party data centres and cloud computing providers and expand operations through our own and third-party data centres and cloud computing providers, we may move or transfer our data and our customers’ data. Despite precautions taken during this process, any unsuccessful data transfers may impair the delivery of our platform and products. Any damage to, or failure of, our systems, or those of our third-party data centres or cloud computing providers, could result in interruptions on our products platform or damage to, or loss or compromise of, our data and our customers’ data. Any impairment of our or our customers’ data or interruptions in the functioning of our platform and products, whether due to damage to, or failure of, third-party data centres and cloud computing providers or unsuccessful data transfers, may reduce our revenue, result in significant fines, cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, subject us to claims for indemnification and other claims, litigation or disputes, result in regulatory investigations or other inquiries, cause our customers to terminate their contracts and adversely affect our reputation, renewal rates and our ability to attract new customers. Our business will also be harmed if our existing and potential customers believe our platform and products are unreliable or not secure.</mark> 

# **_19. We are subject to risks associated with expansion into new geographic regions._** 

Expansion into new geographic regions subjects us to various challenges, including those relating to our lack of familiarity with the culture, local laws and regulations and economic conditions of these new regions, language barriers, difficulties in staffing and managing such operations, and the lack of brand recognition and reputation in such regions. The risks involved in entering new geographic markets and expanding operations, may be higher than expected, and we may face significant competition in such markets. 

By expanding into new geographical regions, we could be subject to additional risks associated with establishing and conducting operations, including: 

34 

- compliance with a wide range of laws, regulations and practices, including uncertainties associated with changes in laws, regulations and practices and their interpretation; 

- foreign ownership constraints and uncertainties with new local business partners; 

- local preferences and service requirements; 

- fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 

- inability to effectively enforce contractual or legal rights and adverse tax consequences; 

- differing accounting standards and interpretations; 

- stringent as well as differing labour and other regulations; 

- differing domestic and foreign customs, tariffs and taxes; 

- exposure to expropriation or other government actions; and 

- political, economic and social instability. 

By expanding into new geographical regions, we may be exposed to significant liability and could lose some or all of our investment in such regions, as a result of which our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

**_20. Our inability to modify our pricing models to retain existing customers and attract prospective customers may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

<mark>We may be required to change our pricing model from time to time, including as a result of competition, global economic conditions, general reductions in our customers’ spending levels, pricing studies, or changes in how our products are broadly consumed. Similarly, as we introduce new products and services, or as a result of the evolution of our existing products and services, we may have difficulty determining the appropriate price structure for our products and services. In addition, as new and existing competitors introduce new products or services that compete with ours, or revise their pricing structures, we may be unable to attract new customers at the same price or based on the same pricing model as we have used historically. Moreover, as we continue to target selling our products and services to larger organisations, these larger organisations may demand substantial price concessions. If we are unable to modify or develop pricing models and strategies that are attractive to existing and prospective customers, while enabling us to significantly grow our sales and revenue relative to our associated costs and expenses in a reasonable period of time, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely impacted.</mark> 

**_21. We have a history of net losses and we anticipate increased expenses in our future. Any loss in future periods could adversely affect our operations and financial conditions and the trading price of our Equity Shares._** 

In Fiscals 2020 and 2021, we had losses for the year of ₹ 201.04 million and ₹ 285.75 million, respectively. For further information, see “ **_Restated Consolidated Financial Information_** ” on page 208. This was primarily on account of the impact of COVID-19 to the hospitality and travel industry in general and in particular on our operations. We expect our costs to increase over time and our losses may recur given the investments expected towards growing our business. These efforts may be more costly than we expect and may not result in increased revenue or growth in our business. Any failure to increase our revenue sufficiently to keep pace with our investments and other expenses could prevent us from maintaining or increasing profitability or positive cash flow on a consistent basis. If we are unable to successfully address these risks and challenges as we encounter them, our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected along with an impact on the trading price of our Equity Shares. If we are unable to generate adequate revenue growth and manage our expenses and cash flows, we may incur significant losses in the future. 

**_22. An inability to provide quality customer service and support may adversely affect our relationships with our existing and prospective customers, and in turn our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

In implementing and using our platform and products, our customers depend on our quality customer service and support, which in some cases may be provided by third-party partners, to resolve complex technical and operational issues in a timely manner. We, or in certain cases our partners, may be unable to respond quickly to accommodate short-term increases in demand for customer or product support. We also may be unable to modify the nature, scope and delivery of our customer and product support to compete with changes in solutions provided by our competitors. Increased customer support requests, without corresponding revenue, could increase costs and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our sales are highly dependent on our reputation and on positive recommendations from our existing customers. Any failure to maintain quality customer or 

35 

product support, or a market perception that we do not maintain quality enterprise or product support, could adversely affect our reputation, our ability to sell our platform and products to existing or new customers, and in turn our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_23. Our sales efforts involve considerable time and expense and our sales cycle is often long and unpredictable._** 

Our results of operations may fluctuate, in part, because of the intensive nature of our sales efforts and the length and unpredictability of our sales cycle. As part of our sales efforts, we invest considerable time and expense evaluating the specific organisational needs of our potential customers and educating these potential customers about the technical capabilities and value of our platform, products and services. The length of our sales cycle, from initial demonstration of our platform and products to sale of our platform, products and services, tends to be long and varies substantially from customer to customer. As decisions to enter into customer contracts in relation to our platform and products involve significant financial commitment, potential customers generally evaluate our platform and products at multiple levels within their organisation, each of which often have specific requirements, and typically involve their senior management. 

<mark>Our results of operations depend on sales to enterprise customers, which make product purchasing decisions based in part or entirely on factors, or perceived factors, not directly related to the features of the platform and products, including, among others, that customer’s projections of business growth, uncertainty about economic conditions (including as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 outbreak), capital budgets, anticipated cost savings from the implementation of our platform and products, potential preference for such customer’s internally-developed software solutions, perceptions about our business, our platform and products, more favourable terms offered by potential competitors, and previous technology investments. In addition, certain decision makers and other stakeholders within our potential customers may be keen to support continued use of internally-developed or existing software, which may make it more difficult for us to differentiate our offerings and persuade them to purchase our platform, products and services. As a result of these and other factors, our sales efforts typically require an extensive effort throughout a customer’s organisation, a significant investment of human resources, expense and time, including by our senior management, and there can be no assurances that we will be successful in making a sale to a potential customer. If our sales efforts to a potential customer do not result in sufficient revenue to justify our investments, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.</mark> 

# **_24. If we are not successful in executing our strategy to increase our sales to larger customers, our results of operations may suffer._** 

An important part of our growth strategy is to increase sales of our products/platform to enterprise customers. Sales to enterprise customers involve risks that may not be present (or that are present to a lesser extent) with sales to small-to-mid-sized entities. These risks include: increased leverage held by large customers in negotiating contractual arrangements with us; changes in key decision makers within these organisations that may negatively impact our ability to negotiate in the future; customers may have vested interest in advocating for legacy or internally-developed solutions over our platform and products; resources may be spent on a potential customer that ultimately elects not to purchase our products and services; more stringent requirements in our service contracts, including stricter service response times, and increased penalties for any failure to meet service requirements; increased competition from larger competitors; and less predictability in completing some of our sales than we do with smaller customers. 

Large enterprises and government entities often undertake a significant evaluation process that results in a lengthy sales cycle, in some cases over twelve months, requiring approvals of multiple management personnel and more technical personnel than would be typical of a smaller organisation. Finally, large enterprises and government entities typically (i) have longer implementation cycles, (ii) require greater product functionality and scalability and a broader range of services, including design services, (iii) demand that vendors take on a larger share of risks, (iv) sometimes require acceptance provisions that can lead to a delay in revenue recognition, (v) typically have more complex IT and data environments, and (vi) expect greater payment flexibility from vendors. Customers, and sometimes we, may also engage third parties to access our platform and products, which may result in contractual complexities and risks, require additional investment of time and human resources to train such third parties and allow third parties (who may be building competitive projects or engaging in other competitive activities) to influence our customers’ perception of our platform and products. All these factors can add further risk to business conducted with these customers. If sales expected from a large customer for a particular period are not realised in that period or at all, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 

36 

# **_25. If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business and results of operations could be harmed._** 

<mark>We have experienced, and may continue to experience, rapid growth and organisational change, which has placed, and may continue to place, significant demands on our management, operational and financial resources. In addition, we operate globally, enter into contracts related to our platform and products in more than 110 countries as of June 30, 2021, and have incorporated subsidiaries in United Kingdom, United States and Spain. We plan to continue to expand our international operations into other countries in the future, which will place additional demands on our resources and operations. We have also experienced significant growth in the number of enterprises, end users, transactions and amount of data that our platform, product offerings and associated hosting infrastructure support. Our number of Active Customers has grown from 1,190 as of March 31, 2019 to 1,337 as of March 31, 2021, and to 1,434 customers as of June 30, 2021.</mark> 

<mark>Further, in order to successfully manage our growth, our organisational structure has become, and may continue to become, more complex. We may need to scale and adapt our operational, financial and management controls further, as well as our reporting systems and procedures to manage this complexity and our increased responsibilities as a public company. This will require us to invest in and commit significant financial, operational and management resources to grow and change in these areas without undermining the corporate culture that has been critical to our growth so far. These investments will require significant expenditures, and any investments we make will occur in advance of the benefits from such investments, making it difficult to determine in a timely manner if we are efficiently allocating our resources. If we do not achieve the benefits anticipated from these investments, if the achievement of these benefits is delayed, or if we are unable to achieve a high level of efficiency as our organisation grows, in a manner that preserves the key aspects of our culture, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.</mark> 

**_26. We are dependent on our Promoters, management team and a number of Key Managerial Personnel and the loss of, or our inability to hire, retain, train, and motivate qualified personnel could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

<mark>Our ability to compete in the highly competitive technology industry depends upon our ability to attract, motivate, and retain qualified personnel. We are highly dependent on the continued contributions and customer relationships of our management and on our senior leadership led by our Promoter and Chairman and Managing Director, Bhanu Chopra, and our Group Chief Executive Officer, Harmeet Singh. We rely on the continued effort and services of some key members of our senior management including our Chief Financial Officer, Global Head of Corporate Development and President – Americas. All of our executive officers and key personnel are atwill employees and may terminate their employment relationship with us at any time. The loss of the services of our key personnel and any of our other executive officers, and our inability to find suitable replacements, could result in a decline in sales, delays in product development, and harm to our business and operations.</mark> 

<mark>At times, we have experienced, and we may continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining personnel with appropriate qualifications, and we may not be able to fill positions in a timely manner or at all or may need to implement measures such as salary cuts due to external reasons. As of June 30, 2021, we had 459 permanent employees. The attrition rate of our employees was 19.63%, 18.65% and 31.87%, respectively, in Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to recruit and retain qualified and capable employees. In addition, our recruiting personnel, methodology, and approach may need to be altered to address a changing candidate pool and profile. We may incur significant costs to attract and recruit skilled personnel, and we may lose new personnel to our competitors or other technology companies before we realise the benefit of our investment in recruiting and training them. As we move into new geographies, we will need to attract and recruit skilled personnel in those geographic areas, but it may be challenging for us to compete with traditional local employers in these regions for talent. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel who are capable of meeting our growing technical, operational, and managerial requirements on a timely basis or at all, our business may be harmed.</mark> 

<mark>Our success depends on our ability to effectively source and staff people with the right mix of skills and experience to perform services for our customers, including our ability to transition personnel to new assignments on a timely basis. If we are unable to effectively utilise our personnel on a timely basis to fulfil the needs of our customers, our business could suffer. Further, if we are not able to utilise the talent we need because of increased regulation of immigration or work visas, including limitations placed on the number of visas granted, limitations on the type of work performed or location in which the work can be performed, and new or higher minimum salary requirements, it could be more difficult to staff our personnel on customer engagements and could increase our costs.</mark> 

37 

**_27. The implementation process of our platform and products may in some cases be time consuming, and any failure of our products to satisfy our customers or perform as desired could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition._** 

Our platform, products and services are complex and may be deployed in a wide variety of network environments. Implementing our platform, products can be a complex and lengthy process. Inability to meet the unique needs of our customers may result in customer dissatisfaction and/or damage to our reputation, which could materially harm our business. Further, the proper use of our platform and products may require training of the customer and the initial or ongoing services of our technical personnel over the contract term. If training and/ or ongoing services require more of our expenditures than we originally estimated, our margins will be lower than projected. 

In addition, if our customers do not use our platform and products as intended, inadequate performance or outcomes may result. It is possible that our platform and products may also be intentionally misused or abused by customers or their employees or third parties who obtain access and use of our platform and products. As our customers rely on our platform and products and services to address important business goals and challenges, the incorrect or improper use or configuration of our platform and products, failure to properly train customers on how to efficiently and effectively use our platform and products, or failure to properly provide implementation or analytical or maintenance services to our customers may result in contract terminations or non-renewals, reduced customer payments, negative publicity, or legal claims against us. 

Further, if customer personnel are not well-trained in the use of our platform and products, customers may defer the deployment of our platform, products and services, may deploy them in a more limited manner than originally anticipated, or may not deploy them at all. If there is substantial turnover of the company or customer personnel responsible for procurement and use of our platform and products, our platform and products may go unused or be adopted less broadly, and our ability to make additional sales may be substantially limited, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, and growth prospects. 

**_28. We are subject to various Indian and international laws and regulations regarding privacy and data security, and we or our clients may be subject to regulations related to the handling and transfer of certain types of sensitive and confidential information. Any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could impose significant compliance burdens._** 

In our processing of transactions, we receive and store a large volume of personally identifiable data. This data is increasingly subject to legislation and regulations in numerous jurisdictions around the world, such as the Indian Information Technology Act, 2000 (“ **IT Act** ”), as amended, which would subject us to civil and criminal liability including compensation to persons affected, penalties and imprisonment for various cyber related offences including from any negligence by us in implementing and maintaining reasonable security practices and procedures with respect to sensitive personal data or information that we possess in our computer systems, networks, databases and software. The IT Act also imposes stringent punishment, including imprisonment in case a person (including an intermediary), while providing services as per a contract, accesses, reveals or discloses personal information about another individual in violation of the contract or without consent of such other individual, knowing that the same will cause wrongful loss or wrongful gain. India has also implemented privacy laws, including the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011, which impose limitations and restrictions on the collection, use and disclosure of personal information. It also mandates body corporates to adopt a privacy policy, to obtain consent from data subjects for collecting or transferring their sensitive personal data or information and intimate them about recipients of such collected data, as a mechanism of establishing a robust security standard. Further, the Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines and Digital Media Ethics Code) Rules, 2021 requires body corporates and intermediaries (respectively) to implement appropriate security control measures that are commensurate with the information assets being protected. 

Practices regarding the collection, use, storage, transmission and security of personal information by companies operating over the internet have recently come under increased public scrutiny around the world. In the European Union, the General Data Protection Regulation, requires companies to implement and remain compliant with regulations regarding the handling of personal data, including its use, protection and the ability of persons whose data is stored to correct or delete such data about themselves. The EU has proposed the Regulation on Privacy and Electronic Communications, which, if adopted, would impose new obligations on the use of personal information in the context of electronic communications, particularly with respect to online tracking technologies and direct marketing. The certifications we maintain and standards we comply with, including the U.S. Federal Risk and Authorization Management Program and PCI-DSS, are becoming more stringent. Our handling of data is subject 

38 

to a variety of laws and regulations, including regulation by various government agencies, such as the Federal Trade Commission, and various state, local and foreign agencies. Our data handling also is subject to contractual obligations and industry standards. The U.S. federal and various state and foreign governments have adopted or proposed limitations on the collection, distribution, use and storage of data relating to individuals, including the use of contact information and other data for marketing, advertising and other communications with individuals and businesses. In the United States, various laws and regulations apply to the collection, processing, disclosure and security of certain types of data. Additionally, the FTC and many state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws as imposing standards for the online collection, use, dissemination and security of data. 

Other countries in Asia, Europe and Latin America have passed or are considering similar privacy regulations, resulting in additional compliance burdens and uncertainty as to how some of these laws will be interpreted. Any liability we may incur for violation of such laws and regulations and related costs of compliance and other burdens may adversely affect our business and profitability. We could be adversely affected if legislation or regulations are expanded to require changes in our business practices or if governing jurisdictions interpret or implement their legislation or regulations in ways that negatively affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

In September 2019, the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology of the GOI formed a committee of experts (“ **NPD Committee** ”) to recommend a regulatory regime to govern non-personal data (“ **NPD** ”). The NPD Committee has released two reports which recommend, among other items, a framework to govern NPD (defined as any data other than personal data or the data without any personally identifiable information), access and sharing of NPD with the GoI and corporations alike who will undertake a ‘duty of care’ to the community to which the NPD pertains and a registration regime for “data businesses”, meaning businesses that collect, process or store data, both personal and non-personal. In December 2019, the Personal Data Protection Bill 2019 (“ **PDP Bill** ”) was tabled in the Indian Parliament by the Government of India and has currently been referred to a joint parliamentary committee. The PDP Bill seeks to, among others, lay down norms for cross-border transfer of personal data, proposes a legal framework governing the processing of personal data, where such data has been collected, disclosed, shared or otherwise processed within India, as well as any processing of personal data by the GoI, Indian companies, Indian citizens or any person or body of persons incorporated or created under Indian law. The PDP Bill defines personal data and sensitive personal data, prescribes rules for collecting, storing and processing of such data and creates rights and obligations of data-subjects and processors, establish a data protection authority and ensure the accountability of entities processing personal data. The Indian Government has also been mooting a legislation governing non-personal data. If these or similar legislation are enacted, we may incur additional compliance costs, it may affect us in ways that we are currently unable to predict and our business, results of operation and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_29. We are exposed to credit risk from our customers and the recoverability of our trade receivables is subject to uncertainties._** 

We typically allow a credit period of 30 to 60 days to our customers who enter into contracts in relation to our SaaS products, and are therefore exposed to credit risk from our customers. Our trade receivables were ₹ 632.71 million, ₹ 776.73 million and ₹ 669.05 million in Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. For further information, see “ **_Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note 23_** ” on page 242. Our trade receivable turnover days increased from 65 days in Fiscal 2020 to 105 days in Fiscal 2021 primarily due to the temporary disruptions in certain of our customers’ business operations caused by the COVID-19 outbreak. We expect our trade receivable turnover days to improve as our customers continue to resume normal operations. 

A customer’s ability to make payments on timely basis depend various factors such as general economic and market conditions and the customer’s cash flow position, which are out of our control. Delays in receiving payments from our customers may adversely affect our cash flow position and our ability to meet our working capital requirements. Defaults in making payments to use on projects for which we have already incurred significant costs and expenditures can materially and adversely affect our results of operations and reduce our financial resources that would otherwise be available for other purposes. There is no assurance that our customers will pay us on a timely basis or at all, which may adversely affect the recoverability of our trade receivables, or that we will be able to efficiently manage the level of bad debt arising from delayed payments. In the event, we are unable to recover such payments, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

**_30. We face competition in our markets, and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position._** 

39 

The markets for our products are very competitive, and we expect such competition to continue or increase in the future. A significant number of companies are developing products that currently, or in the future may, compete with some or all aspects of our proprietary platforms. We may not be successful in convincing the management teams of our potential customers to deploy our products in lieu of existing software solutions or in-house software development projects often favoured by internal IT departments or other competitive products and services. In addition, our competitors include large enterprise software companies and system integrators, and we may face competition from emerging companies as well as established companies who have not previously entered this market. Additionally, we may be required to make substantial additional investments in our research, development, services, marketing, and sales functions in order to respond to competition, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future. 

Many of our existing competitors have, and some of our potential competitors could have, substantial competitive advantages such as: greater name recognition, longer operating histories, and larger customer bases; larger sales and marketing budgets and resources and the capacity to leverage their sales efforts and marketing expenditures across a broader portfolio of products; broader, deeper, or otherwise more established relationships with technology, channel and distribution partners, and customers; wider geographic presence or greater access to larger potential customer bases; greater focus in specific geographies; lower labor and research and development costs; larger and more mature intellectual property portfolios; and substantially greater financial, technical, and other resources to provide services, to make acquisitions, and to develop and introduce new products and capabilities. Our key competitors include OTAInsight and Fornova for our DaaS segment and TravelClick, SiteMinder and DerbySoft for our Distribution segment ( _Source: Phocuswright Report_ ). 

In addition, some of our larger competitors have substantially broader and more diverse product and service offerings and may be able to leverage their relationships with distribution partners and customers based on other products or incorporate functionality into existing products to gain business in a manner that discourages customers from purchasing our products, including by selling at zero or negative margins, product bundling, or offering closed technology platforms. Potential customers may also prefer to purchase from their existing provider rather than a new provider regardless of product performance or features. As a result, even if the features of our products offer advantages that others do not, customers may not purchase our products. These larger competitors often have broader product lines and market focus or greater resources and may therefore not be as susceptible to economic downturns or other significant reductions in capital spending by customers. If we are unable to sufficiently differentiate our products from the integrated or bundled products of our competitors, such as by offering enhanced functionality, performance, or value, we may see a decrease in demand for those products, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

**_31. We may be subject to intellectual property rights claims by third parties, which could require us to pay significant damages and could limit our ability to use certain technologies._** 

Companies in the software and technology industries, including some of our current and potential competitors, own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. In addition, many of these companies have the capability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights and to defend claims that may be brought against them. Such third parties, including certain of these leading companies and non-practicing entities, may assert patent, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights against us, our technology partners or our customers. 

While we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of third parties, we cannot determine with certainty whether we are infringing upon any existing third-party intellectual property rights. There may be third-party intellectual property rights, that cover or claim to cover significant aspects of our technologies or business methods. We may be exposed to increased risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement claims as a result of acquisitions, as, among other things, we have a lower level of visibility into the development process with respect to such technology or the care taken to safeguard against infringement risks. Any intellectual property claims, with or without merit, could be very time-consuming, could be expensive to settle or litigate and could divert our management’s attention and other resources. These claims could also subject us to significant liability for damages, potentially including enhanced statutory damages if we are found to have wilfully infringed patents or other intellectual property rights. These claims could also result in our having to stop using technology found to be in violation of a third-party’s rights. We might be required to seek a license for the intellectual property, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. Even if a license were available, we could be required to pay significant royalties, which would increase our operating expenses. Such risks will increase as we continue to expand our operations and product offerings. As a result, we may be required to develop 

40 

alternative non-infringing technology, which could require significant effort and expense. If we cannot license or develop technology for any infringing aspect of our business, we would be forced to limit or stop sales of our offerings and may be unable to compete effectively. While such claims by third parties have not been made to us historically, the occurrence of any of the foregoing would adversely affect our business operations and financial results. 

**_32. There are outstanding litigation proceedings against our Company and our Promoter. Any adverse outcome in such proceedings may have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings against our Company, Directors and Promoter, which are pending at various levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and other authorities. 

The summary of outstanding matters set out below includes details of criminal proceedings, tax proceedings, statutory and regulatory actions and other material pending litigation (as defined in the section “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_** ” on page 305) involving our Company and Promoter. 

_Litigation involving our Company_ 

|**Name of Entity**<sup>*****</sup>|**Criminal**<br>**proceedings**|**Tax**<br>**proceedings**|**Statutory or**<br>**regulatory**<br>**proceedings**|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions by the**<br>**SEBI or Stock**<br>**Exchanges**<br>**against our**<br>**Promoters**|**Material civil**<br>**litigation**|**Aggregate amount**<br>**involved (₹ in**<br>**million)**<sup>******</sup>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Company**|||||||
|Bythe Company|Nil|Nil|Nil|N.A|3|109.7|
|Against<br>the|Nil|2|Nil|N.A|Nil|683.77|
|Company|||||||
|**Directors**|||||||
|Byour Directors|Nil|<br>Nil|Nil|N.A|Nil|Nil|
|Against<br>our|Nil|<br>3<sup>^</sup>|1<sup>#</sup>|N.A|Nil|306.13|
|Directors|||||||
|**Promoters**|||||||
|Byour Promoters|Nil|<br>Nil|Nil|N.A|Nil|Nil|
|Against<br>our<br>Promoters|Nil|3<sup>^</sup>|1<sup>#</sup>|Nil|Nil|306.13|
|**Subsidiaries**|||||||
|Byour Subsidiaries|Nil|<br>Nil|Nil|N.A|Nil|Nil|
|Against<br>our<br>Subsidiaries|Nil|Nil|Nil|N.A|Nil|Nil|



_* is no pending litigation involving our Group Companies which will have a material impact on our Company. **^ Includes tax proceedings against Bhanu Chopra, who is one of the Promoters as well as the Managing Director of our Company. To the extent quantifiable. #In relation to disqualification of directorship of Megha Chopra, one of the Promoters as well as the Executive Director of our Company, from the board of Rohaan Buildwell Private Limited, a writ petition was filed by her on February 28, 2019 with High Court of Delhi. For details, see “_ **_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_** _” on page 305._ 

# For further information, see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_** ” on page 305. 

There can be no assurance that these legal proceedings will be decided in our favour or in favour of our Directors/ Promoter. In addition, we cannot assure you that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. Decisions in such proceedings adverse to our interests may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_33. We may need to seek additional financing in the future to support our growth strategies. Any failure to raise additional financing could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We will continue to incur significant expenditure in maintaining and growing our existing infrastructure, develop and implement new technologies as part of our SaaS platform and products. Our strategy to grow our business may require us to raise additional funds for our working capital or long-term business plans. While we have 

41 

historically funded our capital expenditure primarily through internal accruals and cash flow from operations, we cannot assure you that we will have sufficient capital resources for our current operations or any future expansion plans that we may have. If our internally generated capital resources and available credit facilities are insufficient to finance our capital expenditure and growth plans, we may, in the future, have to seek additional financing from third parties, including banks, venture capital funds, joint-venture partners and other strategic investors. Our ability to arrange financing and the costs of capital of such financing are dependent on numerous factors, including general economic and capital market conditions, credit availability from banks, investor confidence, the continued success of our operations and other laws that are conducive to our raising capital in this manner. If we decide to meet our capital requirements through debt financing, we may be subject to certain restrictive covenants. Our financing agreements may contain terms and conditions that may restrict our ability to operate and manage our business, such as terms and conditions that require us to maintain certain pre-set debt service coverage ratios and leverage ratios and require us to use our assets, including our cash balances, as collateral for our indebtedness. If we are unable to obtain such financing in a timely manner, at a reasonable cost and on acceptable terms or at all, we may be forced to delay our expansion plans, downsize or abandon such plans, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as our future prospects. We may also be required to finance our growth, whether organic or inorganic, through future equity offerings, which may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in us. See, “ _–_ **_Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked instruments by us may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by shareholders with significant shareholding may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares_** _._ ” below. We may also be restrained from raising funds from foreign investors as a result of regulatory policies and frameworks. 

**_34. Our brand is integral to our success. If we fail to effectively maintain, promote and enhance our brand, our business and competitive advantage may be harmed._** 

We believe that maintaining, promoting and enhancing our “RateGain” brand and our various product brands is critical to maintaining and expanding our business. Maintaining and enhancing our brand depends largely on our ability to continue to provide quality, well-designed, useful, reliable, and innovative SaaS solutions, which we cannot assure you we will do successfully. 

We believe the importance of brand recognition will increase as competition in our market increases. In addition to our ability to provide reliable and useful SaaS solutions at competitive prices, the successful promotion of our brand will also depend on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. We market our platform and products through our direct sales force, regional channels partners, and a number of free traffic sources, including customers’ wordof-mouth referrals. We have incurred and expect to incur significant costs and expenses to market our brand and we intend to continue such efforts. We cannot assure you, however, that our sales and marketing expenses will lead to increasing revenue, and even if they did, such increases in revenue might not be sufficient to offset the expenses incurred. 

**_35. Our use of open source software could adversely affect our ability to offer our platform, products and services and subject us to possible litigation._** 

We use open source software in connection with our development of technology infrastructure. From time-totime, companies that use open source software have faced claims challenging the use of open source software and/or compliance with open source license terms. We may in the future be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software, or claiming non-compliance with open source licensing terms. Some open source licenses require users who distribute software containing open source to make available all or part of such software, which in some circumstances could include valuable proprietary code of the user. While we monitor the use of open source software and try to ensure that none is used in a manner that would require us to disclose our proprietary source code or that would otherwise breach the terms of an open source agreement, such use could inadvertently occur, in part because open source license terms are often ambiguous. Any requirement to disclose our proprietary source code or pay damages for breach of contract could be harmful to our business, results of operations or financial condition, and could help our competitors develop travel products and services that are similar to or better than ours. 

**_36. Travel providers have sought, and continue to seek, alternative distribution models, including direct distribution models, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations._** 

42 

Many travel providers have sought, and continue to seek, to decrease their reliance on the indirect distribution channel. This trend has been particularly evident among low-cost airlines, some of which sell their tickets exclusively through direct distribution channels, such as their websites. Low-cost airlines have significantly increased their market share over the past decade and their tendency to rely on direct distribution methods has been one of the key factors that has contributed towards an increase, in recent years, in the number of airline bookings made through direct channels. 

Travel providers may seek to reduce their reliance on third-party distributors such as us by: 

- establishing or improving their own travel distribution websites; 

- forming joint ventures and alliances to create multi-supplier travel distribution websites; 

- electing to make all or part of their inventory unavailable to distributors or available only in exchange for agreed reductions in the booking fees charged by distributors, whether through direct reductions, surcharges on travel agencies or otherwise; 

- applying alternative global distribution methods developed by new entrants to the marketplace which incorporate new technologies that are purported to be more cost-effective to travel providers because they avoid or reduce the incentive fees paid to travel agencies; and 

- creating commercial relationships with online and offline travel agencies to increase travel booked with those providers directly, rather than through a distribution platform. 

The Internet has become a major distribution channel for the global hospital and travel industry. If direct distribution were to account for an increasing proportion of the total number of bookings made worldwide in the coming years, it could limit our ability to take advantage of organic growth in the worldwide market for travel and/or cause fewer bookings to be made through our distribution platform, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_37. If our third-party service providers and key vendors are not able to or do not fulfil their service obligations, our operations could be disrupted and our operating results could be harmed._** 

We depend on a number of service providers and key vendors, such as software and hardware vendors, outsourced hosting providers and hardware and software maintenance providers who are critical to our operations. These service providers and vendors are involved in our offerings, communications equipment, hardware and software and related support and maintenance. Our operations could be disrupted if we do not successfully manage relationships with our service providers, if they do not perform or are unable to perform agreed-upon services, or if they are unwilling to make their services available to us at reasonable prices. If our service providers and vendors do not perform their service obligations, it could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_38. We have in the past entered into, and may, in future, enter into agreements with our customers that include exclusivity arrangements or unique contractual or pricing terms, which may result in significant risks or liabilities to us._** 

Our contracts with our customers are typically non-exclusive, but we have historically entered into arrangements with some of our customers and our partners that included exclusivity provisions, and we may continue to do so in the future. These exclusivity provisions limit our ability to license our platform and products and provide services to specific customers, or to compete in certain geographic markets and industries, which may limit our growth and negatively impact our results. We have in limited circumstances entered into unique contractual and pricing arrangements with our customers. Such contractual terms may impact our ability to target certain customers or travel segments which may impact our ability to expand our operations and could result in adversely impacting our business, results of operations and financial condition. For instance, for our DaaS products, we operate on a subscription model where our customers in the hospitality sector subscribe to our DaaS products such as Optima and Parity for a period. For our OTA customers and airline, car rental and vacation packages customers we operate on a hybrid model where we charge a minimum subscription fees for use of our products and a payper-use charge for accessing additional data. In our Distribution segment, we operate RezGain on a subscription basis where customers pay a subscription fee to access the product while DHISCO operates on a transaction model where we generate revenues from bookings done by OTAs and GDS operators. In Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021, we generated 34.65%, 35.06% and 26.34% of our revenues from operations from the sale of services of our transaction-based products while we generated 30.07%, 40.86% and 44.16% of our revenues from operations from the sale of services of our subscription-based products in similar periods and we generated 35.28%, 24.07% 

43 

and 29.50% of our revenues from operations from the sale of services of our products which are on a hybrid revenue model of subscription and transaction based pricing. 

**_39. All of our offices, including our Registered Office are located on leased premises. If these leases are terminated or not renewed on terms acceptable to us, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

As of June 30, 2021, we had six offices across three continents all of which are currently obtained on a lease/sublease basis, except our Registered Office. For further information, see “ **_Our Business – Properties_** ” on page 175. We typically enter into term lease agreements with an option to renew such term. We may not be able to renew or extend these agreements at commercially acceptable terms, or at all. Further, we may be required to re-negotiate rent or other terms and conditions of such agreements during their currency. We may also be required to vacate the premises at short notice periods prescribed in the lease agreements, and we may not be able to obtain alternate locations, in a short span of time. Occurrence of any of the above events may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, any adverse impact on the ownership rights of our landlords may impede the effectiveness of our future operations. 

**_40. We have in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus included certain non-GAAP financial and operational measures and certain other industry measures related to our operations and financial performance that may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the SaaS industry. We rely on certain assumptions and estimates to calculate such measures, therefore such measures may not be comparable with financial, operational or industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other similar companies._** 

Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other industry measures relating to our operations and financial performance have been included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. We compute and disclose such non-GAAP financial and operational measures, and such other industry related statistical and operational information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance, and because such measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and others to evaluate the operational performance of SaaS businesses, many of which provide such non-GAAP financial and operational measures, and other industry related statistical and operational information. 

These non-GAAP financial and operational measures, and such other industry related statistical and operational information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial and operational measures, and industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other companies pursuing similar business. We have derived certain industry information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus from the Phocuswright Report, and the Phocuswright Report highlights certain industry and market data relating to us and our competitors, which may not be based on any standard methodology and are subject to various assumptions. 

Further, as the industry in which we operate continues to evolve, the measures by which we evaluate our business may change over time. In addition, if the internal tools we use to track these measures under-count or over-count performance or contain algorithmic or other technical errors, the data and/or reports we generate may not be accurate. We calculate measures using internal tools, which are not independently verified by a third party. 

Such supplemental financial and operational information is therefore of limited utility as an analytical tool, and investors are cautioned against considering such information either in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our Restated Consolidated Financial Information disclosed elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Also, see “ _–_ **_Industry information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report exclusively commissioned by and paid for by us for such purpose. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate._** ” on page 45. 

**_41. We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been provided for in our financial statements, which if they materialise, may adversely affect our financial condition._** 

As of March 31, 2021, contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37 as indicated in our Restated Consolidated Financial Information are as follows: 

44 

||_(_₹_million)_|
|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**As of March 31,**<br>**2021**|
|**Contingent liabilities**||
|(a)Indirect Tax Demand<sup>*</sup>|59.74|
|(b)Indirect Tax Demand<sup>*</sup>|624.03|
|**Total **|**683.77**|



> _* For further information, please see “_ **_Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_** _” on page 305._ 

If a significant portion of these liabilities materialise, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further information, see “ **_Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note 32_** ” on page 246. 

**_42. An inability to maintain adequate insurance cover in connection with our business may adversely affect our operations and profitability._** 

We have obtained a number of insurance policies in connection with our operations including group health insurance, group life insurance, illness group insurance policy for COVID-19, office protection shield insurance and commercial general liability insurance, workers’ compensation insurance, management liability insurance, cyber liability insurance, life and accidental death and dismemberment and dependent life insurance, For further information, see “ **_Our Business – Insurance_** _”_ on page 174. As of March 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, the aggregate coverage of the insurance policies obtained by us was ₹ 7,234.24 million, ₹ 5,982.88 million and ₹ 5,285.63 million which constituted 253.92%, 150.66% and 120.18% of our total assets, respectively. 

While we believe that the insurance coverage which we maintain would be reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our business, we cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. Our insurance policies may not provide adequate coverage in certain circumstances and are subject to certain deductibles, exclusions and limits on coverage. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, and which is not covered by insurance or exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_43. We have not been able to obtain records of educational qualifications of our Chairman and Managing Director and have relied on declarations and undertakings furnished by him for details of his profiles included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus_** . 

Our Chairman and Managing Director, Bhanu Chopra (also one of our Promoters), has been unable to trace copies of documents pertaining to his educational qualifications. However, we have received an acknowledgement from the institution that a duplicate certificate will be issued in due course. Accordingly, reliance has been placed on undertakings furnished by him to us and the BRLMs to disclose details of his educational qualifications in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. We and the BRLMs, have been unable to independently verify these details prior to inclusion in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Further, there can be no assurances that Bhanu Chopra will be able to receive the duplicate certificate from the institution or trace the relevant documents pertaining to his qualifications in future, or at all. 

**_44. Industry information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report exclusively commissioned by and paid for by us for such purpose. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate._** 

We have availed the services of an independent third-party research agency, Phocuswright appointed by our Company on June 18, 2021, to prepare an industry report titled “ **_Overview and Analysis of the Global Travel and Tourism Industry_** ” dated July 30, 2021, that has been exclusively commissioned and paid for by us, for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. This report is subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. Although we believe that the data may be considered to be reliable, the accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed and dependability cannot be assured. While we have taken reasonable care in the reproduction of the information, due to possibly flawed or ineffective collection methods or discrepancies between published information and market practice and other problems, the statistics herein may be inaccurate or may not be comparable to statistics 

45 

produced for other economies and should not be unduly relied upon. Further, there is no assurance that they are stated or compiled on the same basis or with the same degree of accuracy as may be the case elsewhere. Statements from third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amounts may differ materially from those included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_45. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders._** 

We have in the ordinary course of business entered into transactions with related parties in the past and from, time to time, we may enter into related party transactions in the future. These transactions include remuneration to executive Directors and Key Managerial Personnel. For further information relating to our related party transactions, see “ **_Financial Information – Related Party Disclosures_** ” on page 250. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, we cannot assure you that we might have obtained more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. Further, it is likely that we may enter into additional related party transactions in the future. Such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. In Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021, the aggregate amount of such related party transactions was ₹ 185.20 million, ₹ 156.95 million and ₹ 223.78 million, respectively. We cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our minority shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_46. Failure to obtain or renew approvals, licenses and registrations, required in ordinary course of business in a timely manner, or at all, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

We are required to obtain certain approvals, registrations and licenses from regulatory authorities in ordinary course of business. These approvals, licenses and registrations may be subject to numerous conditions. If we fail to obtain some or all of these approvals or licenses, or renewals thereof, in a timely manner or at all, or if we fail to comply with applicable conditions, our license or permission for carrying on a particular activity may be suspended or cancelled and we may not be able to carry on such activity, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. For further information on the nature of approvals and licenses required for our business, see “ **_Government and Other Approvals_** ” on page 310. In addition, we have, and may need to in the future, apply for certain additional approvals, including the renewal of approvals, which may expire from time to time. 

There is no assurance that such approvals and licenses will be granted or renewed in a timely manner or at all by the relevant governmental or regulatory authorities. Failure to obtain or renew such approvals and licenses in a timely manner would make our operations non-compliant with applicable laws and may result in imposition of penalties by relevant authorities, and may also prevent us from carrying out our business. Our licenses and approvals are subject to various conditions, including periodic renewal and maintenance standards. Any actual or alleged failure on our part to comply with the terms and conditions of such regulatory licenses and registrations could expose us to legal action, compliance costs or liabilities, or could affect our ability to continue to operate at the locations or in the manner in which we have been operating thus far. 

**_47. Our Promoter Directors and Key Managerial Personnel, are interested in our Company’s performance in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Our Promoter Directors and certain of our Key Managerial Personnel are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses and such interests are to the extent of their, their relative’s shareholding in our Company, payment of dividend or distributions thereon. For the payments that are made by our Company to related parties, see “ **_Financial Information – Related Party Disclosures_** ” on page 250. Although our Directors (including the Promoters) and Key Managerial Personnel shall act in good faith in order to promote the objects of the Company for the benefit of its members as a whole, and in the best interests of the company, its employees, the shareholders, by virtue of having a majority shareholding, as a whole, they may take or block actions with respect to our business which may conflict with the interests of minority shareholders. We cannot assure you that our Promoters, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel will exercise their rights to the benefit and best interest of our Company. 

**_48. Our quarterly results may fluctuate for a variety of reasons and may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business._** 

46 

Upon listing of the Equity Shares, our Company will be required to publish its financial results for each quarter of the Fiscal, in accordance with the SEBI Listing Regulations. Our quarterly financial results may fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control and, as a result, may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. For example, we tend to experience higher revenue from our businesses in certain quarters, which coincide with the summer holiday travel season and the year-end holiday travel season for our customers. Other factors that may affect our quarterly financial results also include, our ability to attract new customers and cross-sell to existing customers; the amount and timing of operating expenses related to the maintenance and expansion of our business, operations and infrastructure; general economic, political, weather, industry and market conditions; changes in our pricing policies or those of our competitors and suppliers; the timing and success of new services and service introductions by us and our competitors or any other change in the competitive dynamics of the Indian hospitality and travel industry, including consolidation among competitors, customers or strategic partners. 

Our quarterly operating results may therefore vary significantly in the future, and period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful. Accordingly, the results of any one quarter may not be reliable as an indicator of future performance. Further, any delay in filing these quarterly results will also result in additional costs for us. 

# **_49. Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds are not appraised by any independent agency, which may affect our business and results of operations._** 

We intend to use the Net Proceeds for the purposes described in “ **_Objects of the Offer_** ” on page 94 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our funding requirements are based on management estimates and our current business plans and is subject to change in light of changes in external circumstances, costs, business initiatives, other financial conditions or business strategies and has not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. While we will from time to time continue to seek attractive inorganic opportunities for utilisation of our Net Proceeds, the amount of Net Proceeds to be used for acquisitions will be based on our management’s discretion and we have not presently entered into any definitive agreements in this regard. Further, the estimated value of the equipment to be installed in the Data Center is based on our estimates and quotations received from third parties which is subject to change in the future. 

The deployment of the Net Proceeds will be at the discretion of our Board. However, the deployment of the Net Proceeds will be monitored by a monitoring agency appointed pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations. We may have to reconsider our estimates or business plans due to changes in underlying factors, some of which are beyond our control, such as interest rate fluctuations, changes in input cost, inability to identify suitable location for our restaurants at favourable terms and other financial and operational factors. 

Accordingly, prospective investors in the Offer will need to rely upon our management’s judgment with respect to the use of proceeds. If we are unable to deploy the Net Proceeds in a timely or an efficient manner, it may affect our business and results of operations. 

# **_50. We have issued Equity Shares during the preceding twelve months at a price which may be below the Offer Price._** 

We have issued and allotted Equity Shares at a price which may be lower than the Offer Price in the period of 12 months preceding the date of Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, see “ **_Capital Structure_ –** **_Notes to the capital structure – History of Equity Share capital of our Company_** ” on page 73. Further, we will also convert all the outstanding Series A CCCPS and Series B CCCPS in Equity Shares, prior to the filing of the Red Herring Prospectus. 

The prices at which Equity Shares were issued by us in the past year should not be taken to be indicative of the Price Band, Offer Price and the trading price of our Equity Shares after listing. We cannot assure you that the Equity Shares to be issued in the future will be at or lower than the Offer Price. 

# **_51. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

Our Company has not declared dividends in the past three Fiscals and in the current Fiscal. Recently, our Board has adopted a dividend policy at its meeting held on August 4, 2021. For further information, see “ **_Dividend Policy_** ” on page 207. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on a number of factors identified in 

47 

the dividend policy of our Company, liquidity position, profits, capital requirements, financial commitments and financial requirements including business expansion plans, cost of borrowings, other corporate actions and other relevant or material factors considered relevant by our Board, and external factors, such as the state of the economy and capital markets, applicable taxes, regulatory changes and other relevant or material factors considered relevant by our Board. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act 2013. We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. Accordingly, realisation of a gain on Shareholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. 

**_52. If we are unable to establish and maintain an effective internal controls and compliance system, our business and reputation could be adversely affected._** 

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal measures commensurate with the size and complexity of operations. Our internal audit functions make an evaluation of the adequacy and effectiveness of internal systems on an ongoing basis so that our operations adhere to our policies, compliance requirements and internal guidelines. We periodically test and update our internal processes and systems and there have been no past material instances of failure to maintain effective internal controls and compliance system. However, we are exposed to operational risks arising from the potential inadequacy or failure of internal processes or systems, and our actions may not be sufficient to ensure effective internal checks and balances in all circumstances. 

We take reasonable steps to maintain appropriate procedures for compliance and disclosure and to maintain effective internal controls over our financial reporting so that we produce reliable financial reports and prevent financial fraud. As risks evolve and develop, internal controls must be reviewed on an ongoing basis. Maintaining such internal controls requires human diligence and compliance and is therefore subject to lapses in judgment and failures that result from human error. Any lapses in judgment or failures that result from human error can affect the accuracy of our financial reporting, resulting in a loss of investor confidence and a decline in the price of our equity shares. 

Further, our operations are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations. These laws generally prohibit us and our employees and intermediaries from bribing, being bribed or making other prohibited payments to government officials or other persons to obtain or retain business or gain some other business advantage. We participate in collaborations and relationships with third parties whose actions could potentially subject us to liability under these laws or other local anti-corruption laws. While our code of conduct requires our employees and intermediaries to comply with all applicable laws, and we continue to enhance our policies and procedures in an effort to ensure compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations, these measures may not prevent the breach of such anti-corruption laws, as there are risks of such breaches in emerging markets, such as India, including within the travel and hospitality industry. If we are not in compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement and other sanctions and remedial measures, and legal expenses, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Likewise, any investigation of any potential violations of anti-corruption laws by the relevant authorities could also have an adverse impact on our business and reputation. 

**_53. Our customers may engage in transactions in or with countries or persons that are subject to U.S. and other sanctions._** 

U.S. law generally prohibits U.S. persons from directly or indirectly investing or otherwise doing business in or with certain countries that are the subject of comprehensive sanctions and with certain persons or businesses that have been specially designated by the OFAC or other U.S. government agencies. Other governments and international or regional organisations also administer similar economic sanctions. We may enter into transactions with customers who may be doing business with, or located in, countries to which certain OFAC-administered and other sanctions apply. There can be no assurance that we will be able to fully monitor all of our transactions for any potential violation. If it were determined that transactions in which we participate violate U.S. or other sanctions, we could be subject to U.S. or other penalties, and our reputation and future business prospects in the United States or with U.S. persons, or in other jurisdictions, could be adversely affected. We rely on our staff to be up-to-date and aware of the latest sanctions in place. Further, investors in the Equity Shares could incur reputational or other risks as the result of our customers’ dealings in or with countries or with persons that are the subject of U.S. sanctions. 

48 

**_54. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

As part of our operations, we are required to comply with the IT Act and the rules thereof, which provides for civil and criminal liability including compensation to persons affected, penalties and imprisonment for various cyber related offenses, including unauthorised disclosure of confidential information and failure to protect sensitive personal data. India has already implemented certain privacy laws, including the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011 and the recently introduced the Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines and Digital Media Ethics Code) Rules, 2021, which impose limitations and restrictions on the collection, use, disclosure and transfer of personal information. For further details, see “ **_Key Regulations and Policies in India_ ”** beginning on page 176. Our business could be adversely affected by any change in laws, municipal plans or interpretation of existing laws, or promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations applicable to us. For example,  with the introduction of the General Data Protection Regulation in the European Union and for subsequent compliance by Indian compliance, we may need to comply with certain additional data protection requirements while collecting and storing data of our customers. Further, to process payments in some jurisdictions outside India we may need to appoint local payment settlement systems, we may also be subject to restrictions on repatriation of cash and earnings generated through sales made outside India. 

In addition, the GoI has recently introduced certain labour legislations which consolidate, subsume and replace numerous existing central labour legislations. For further information, see “ **_Key Regulations and Policies in India_** ” on page 176. The implementation of such laws may increase our employee costs, thereby adversely affecting our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_55. After the completion of the Offer, our Promoters along with the Promoter Group will continue to collectively hold substantial shareholding in our Company._** 

As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group held 83.82% of the paid-up share capital of our Company, for details of their shareholding pre and post Offer, see “ **_Capital Structure_** ” on page 73. After the completion of the Offer, our Promoters along with the Promoter Group will continue to collectively hold substantial shareholding in our Company, and will continue to exercise significant influence over our business policies and affairs and all matters requiring Shareholders’ approval, including the composition of our Board, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions or joint ventures or the sales of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, lending, investments and capital expenditures. This concentration of ownership also may delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of these stockholders. Further, the Takeover Regulations may limit the ability of a third party to acquire control of our Company. The interests of the Promoters as our controlling shareholder could conflict with our interests or the interests of its other shareholders. We cannot assure you that the Promoters will act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our favour and any such conflict may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy or to operate our business. While efforts shall be made to resolve any conflict of interests between our existing shareholders with other shareholders of our Company, we cannot assure you that such conflicts of interest will not arise or be resolved. For further information in relation to the interests of our Promoters in the Company, please see _“_ **_Our Promoters and Promoter Group_** _”, “_ **_Our Management_** _”_ and _“_ **_Restated Consolidated Financial Information_** _”_ on pages 202, 186 and 208 respectively. 

# **External Risk Factors** 

**_Risks Relating to India_** 

49 

**_56. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located elsewhere, including India. Adverse economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficit, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions particularly North America and Europe, where most of our revenue from operations is generated. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our solutions may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. Economic growth in the countries in which we operate is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. 

# **_57. Natural or man-made disasters, fires, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other events could materially and adversely affect our business._** 

Natural disasters (such as typhoons, flooding and earthquakes), epidemics, pandemics such as COVID-19 and man-made disasters, including acts of war, terrorist attacks and other events, many of which are beyond our control, may lead to economic instability, including in India or globally, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations may be adversely affected by fires, natural disasters and/or severe weather, which can result in damage to our property or inventory and generally reduce our productivity and may require us to evacuate personnel and suspend operations. Any terrorist attacks or civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic and political events in India or countries to who we sell our products could have a negative effect on us. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the price of the Equity Shares. A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of diseases such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19 virus. A worsening of the current outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic or future outbreaks of COVID-19 virus or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the global economy and economic activity in the region. As a result, any present or future outbreak of a contagious disease could have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_58. A downgrade in ratings of India and other jurisdictions we operate in may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. Any adverse revisions to credit ratings for India and other jurisdictions we operate in by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favourable terms and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_59. We may be affected by competition laws in India, the adverse application or interpretation of which could adversely affect our business._** 

50 

The Competition Act, 2002, of India, as amended (“ **Competition Act** ”), regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India (“ **AAEC** ”). Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an AAEC is considered void and may result in the imposition of substantial penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or the provision of services or shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner, including by way of allocation of geographical area or number of customers in the relevant market or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an AAEC and is considered void. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. If it is proved that the contravention committed by a company took place with the consent or connivance or is attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other officer of such company, that person shall be also guilty of the contravention and may be punished. 

The Competition Act aims to, among other things, prohibit all agreements and transactions, which may have an AAEC on competition in India and all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an AAEC in India. However, the impact of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. However, since we pursue an acquisition driven growth strategy, we may be affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it would adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

# **_60. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia, Russia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has adversely affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. 

Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (“ **Brexit** ”), there remains significant uncertainty around the terms of their future relationship with the European Union <mark>including trade agreements between the United Kingdom and European Union</mark> and, more generally, as to the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets. For example, Brexit could give rise to increased volatility in foreign exchange rate movements and the value of equity and debt investments. 

In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilising effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

51 

**_61. If there is any change in laws or regulations, including taxation laws, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements._** 

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019, prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this Act, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favour of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which would ultimately reduce the effective tax rate (on gross basis) for Indian companies from 34.94% to approximately 25.17%. Any such future amendments may affect our ability to claim exemptions that we have historically benefited from, and such exemptions may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. Due to COVID -19 pandemic, the Government of India had also passed the Taxation and Other Laws (Relaxation of Certain Provisions) Act, 2020, implementing relaxations from certain requirements under, amongst others, the Central Goods and Service Tax Act, 2017 and Customs Tariff Act, 1975. 

In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment and GST that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate of interest with effect from July 1, 2017. 

The Finance Act, 2020 (“Finance Act”), has, amongst others things, provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime. For instance, dividend distribution tax (“ **DDT** ”) will not be payable by a domestic company in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by the company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident and are likely be subject to tax deduction at source. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. 

Further, the Government of India has notified the Finance Act, 2021 (“ **Finance Act** ”) which has introduced various amendments to taxation laws in India. There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

**_62. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our services at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our clients thereby reducing our margins._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of wages and other expenses relevant to our business. 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or increase the price of our products to pass the increase in costs on to our customers. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

52 

Further, the Government of India has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

**_63. A third-party could be prevented from acquiring control of us post this Offer, because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

As a listed Indian entity, there are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company. Under the Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company subsequent to completion of the Offer. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to our shareholders, such a takeover may not be attempted or consummated because of Takeover Regulations. 

**_64. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us, our Directors, the Book Running Lead Managers or any of their directors and executive officers in India respectively, except by way of a law suit in India._** 

Our Company is a company incorporated under the laws of India and all of our Directors are located in India. A majority of our assets,  our Key Managerial Personnel and officers are also located in India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce judgments obtained against such parties outside India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if that court was of the view that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy, or if judgments are in breach or contrary to Indian law. In addition, a party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain approval from the RBI to execute such a judgment or to repatriate outside India any amounts recovered. 

Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 and Section 44A of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908. India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, such as the United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong. In order to be enforceable, a judgment from a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements established in the Indian Code of Civil Procedure, 1908. The CPC only permits the enforcement and execution of monetary decrees in the reciprocating jurisdiction, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India, including the United States,  cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be directly enforceable in India. The party in whose favour a final foreign judgment in a non-reciprocating territory is rendered may bring a fresh suit in a competent court in India based on the final judgment within three years of obtaining such final judgment. However, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with the public policy in India. 

**_Risks Relating to the Equity Shares and this Offer_** 

# **_65. The trading volume and market price of the Equity Shares may be volatile following the Offer._** 

The market price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate as a result of, among other things, the following factors, some of which are beyond our control: 

- quarterly variations in our results of operations; 

- results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

- results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

- changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research analysts and investors; 

- a change in research analysts’ recommendations; 

53 

- announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments; 

- announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

- new laws and governmental regulations applicable to our industry; 

- additions or departures of key management personnel; 

- changes in exchange rates; 

- fluctuations in stock market prices and volume; and 

- general economic and stock market conditions. 

Changes in relation to any of the factors listed above could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_66. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ **_Basis for Offer Price_** ” on page 104 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

**_67. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and the Offer may not result in an active or liquid market for the Equity Shares. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and the investors may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the stock exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India and volatility in the Stock Exchanges and securities markets elsewhere in the world. 

# **_68. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of income arising on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares held as investments in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Any capital gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares on a Stock Exchange held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to long term capital gains in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as whether the sale is undertaken on or off the Stock Exchanges, the quantum of gains and any available treaty relief. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long-term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Further, any capital gains realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to short-term capital gains tax in India. 

Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will not be chargeable to tax in India in cases where relief from such taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident read with the Multilateral Instrument, if and to the extent applicable, and the seller is entitled to avail benefits thereunder. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. Additionally, the Finance Act, 2020 does not require dividend distribution tax (" **DDT** ") to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source pursuant to any corporate action including dividends. Additionally, in terms of the Finance Act, 2018, which has been notified on March 29, 2018 with effect from April 1, 2018, the tax payable by an assessee on the capital gains arising from transfer of long term capital asset (introduced as section 112A of the Income-Tax Act, 1961) shall be calculated on such long-term capital gains at 

54 

the rate of 10%, where the long-term capital gains exceed ₹100,000, subject to certain exceptions in case of a resident individuals and HUF. 

Similarly, any business income realised from the transfer of Equity Shares held as trading assets is taxable at the applicable tax rates subject to any treaty relief, if applicable, to a non-resident seller. 

Further, the Finance Act, 2019 has made various amendments in the taxation laws and has also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. These amendments were notified on December 10, 2019 and have come into effect from July 1, 2020. 

Our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_69. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will be listed on the stock exchanges in a timely manner or at all._** 

In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing and trading of our Equity Shares will not be granted until after certain actions have been completed in relation to this Offer and until Allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to this Offer. 

In accordance with current regulations and circulars issued of SEBI, our Equity Shares are required to be listed on the stock exchanges within such time as mandated under UPI Circulars, subject to any change in the prescribed timeline in this regard. However, we cannot assure you that the trading in our Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining final listing and trading approvals may restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. 

# **_70. Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited with the Equity Shares within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately six Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise any delay in commencing trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

**_71. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked instruments by us may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by shareholders with significant shareholding may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering of Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares including through exercise of employee stock options, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us or sales of our Equity Shares by our shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. There can be no 

55 

assurance that we will not issue Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares or that our Shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

**_72. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. 

In addition, pursuant to the Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, which has been incorporated as the proviso to Rule 6(a) of the FEMA Non-debt Rules, all investments under the foreign direct investment route by entities of a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of the Equity Shares is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, can only be made through the Government approval route, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy dated October 15, 2020 and the FEMA Rules. Further, in the event of transfer of ownership of any existing or future foreign direct investment in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial ownership falling within the aforesaid restriction/purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership will also require approval of the Government of India. 

We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, see “ **_Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_** ” on page 354. 

**_73. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

Our Restated Consolidated Financial Information for Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021, have been prepared and presented in conformity with Ind AS. Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from Indian GAAP, IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our financial statements were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our financial statements, and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

**_74. The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and the Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer. Further, the current market price of some securities listed pursuant to certain previous issues managed by the BRLMs is below their respective issue prices._** 

The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions, and will be determined by our Company and Selling Shareholders in consultation with the BRLMs. Furthermore, the Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and Selling Shareholders in consultation with the BRLMs through the Book Building Process. These will be based on numerous factors, including factors as described under “ **_Basis for Offer Price_** ” on page 104 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. 

In addition to the above, the current market price of securities listed pursuant to certain previous initial public offerings managed by the BRLMs is below their respective issue price. For further details, see “ **_Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Price information of past issues handled by the BRLMs_** ” on page 321. The factors that could affect the market price of the Equity Shares include, among others, broad market trends, financial performance and results of our Company post-listing, and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that an active market will develop or sustained trading will take place in the Equity Shares or provide any assurance regarding the price at which the Equity Shares will be traded after listing. 

56 

**_75. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after the submission of their Bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after closure of the Bid/ Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/ Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until the Bid/ Offer Closing Date. While we are required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the investors’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Investors’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

# **_76. Investors may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act 2013 a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction the investors are in, does not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our Company filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless our Company makes such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in our Company would be reduced. 

**_77. Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and wide-spread as shareholders' rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder our Company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

# **_78. The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations, which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. 

Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our 

57 

business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

**_79. Compliance with provisions of Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act may affect payments on the Equity Shares._** 

The U.S. “Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” (or “ **FATCA** ”) imposes a new reporting regime and potentially, imposes a 30% withholding tax on certain “foreign passthru payments” made by certain non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries). 

If payments on the Equity Shares are made by such non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries), this withholding may be imposed on such payments if made to any non-U.S. financial institution (including an intermediary) that is not otherwise exempt from FATCA or other holders who do not provide sufficient identifying information to the payer, to the extent such payments are considered “foreign passthru payments”. Under current guidance, the term “foreign passthru payment” is not defined and it is therefore not clear whether and to what extent payments on the Equity Shares would be considered “foreign passthru payments”. The United States has entered into intergovernmental agreements with many jurisdictions (including India) that modify the FATCA withholding regime described above. It is not yet clear how the intergovernmental agreements between the United States and these jurisdictions will address “foreign passthru payments” and whether such agreements will require us or other financial institutions to withhold or report on payments on the Equity Shares to the extent they are treated as “foreign passthru payments”. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the consequences of FATCA, or any intergovernmental agreement or non-U.S. legislation implementing FATCA, to their investment in Equity Shares. 

**_80. U.S. holders should consider the impact of the passive foreign investment company rules in connection with an investment in our Equity Shares._** 

A foreign corporation will be treated as a passive foreign investment company (“ **PFIC** ”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year in which either: (i) at least 75% of its gross income is “passive income” or (ii) at least 50% of its gross assets during the taxable year (based on of the quarterly values of the assets during a taxable year) are “passive assets,” which generally means that they produce passive income or are held for the production of passive income. 

There can be no assurance that our Company will or will not be considered a PFIC in the current or future years. The determination of whether or not our Company is a PFIC is a factual determination that is made annually after the end of each taxable year, and there can be no assurance that our Company will not be considered a PFIC in the current taxable year or any future taxable year because, among other reasons, (i) the composition of our Company’s income and assets will vary over time, and (ii) the manner of the application of relevant rules is uncertain in several respects. Further, our Company’s PFIC status may depend on the market price of its Equity Shares, which may fluctuate considerably. 

58 

