# **SECTION II – RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry in which we operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not currently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may also adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are not currently deemed material, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, the price of our Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Restated Financial Statements” beginning on pages 189, 144, 318, and 249, respectively, of this Red Herring Prospectus, as well as the other financial and statistical and other information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and our business and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved._ 

_Prospective investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are unable to quantify the financial or other impact of any of the risks described in this section. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 24 of this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information included herein is based on or derived from our Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Restated Financial Statements” beginning on page 249 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Unless the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “we”, “us”, “our”, “our Company”, or “the Company” refers to Ratnaveer Precision Engineering Limited._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the report titled “Report on Stainless Steel Sheets, Washers, Sheet Metal Components and Pipes & Tubes” dated August 2023 (the “_ **_D&B Report_** _”) prepared and issued by Dun & Bradstreet commissioned by us. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the D&B Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year._ 

# **RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS** 

**_1. We do not have long-term agreements with our suppliers for raw materials and an inability to procure the desired quality, quantity of our raw materials in a timely manner and at reasonable costs, or at all, may have a negative impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our purchases of raw materials are concentrated from a few suppliers. The details of this concentration are provided in the following table: 

32 

_<u>(₹ in million, except the percentages)</u>_ 

|**Types of**|**FY 2**|**023**|**FY 2**|**022**|**FY 2**|**021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Suppliers**|**Amount of**<br>**purchases**<br>**of raw**<br>**materials**|**% of total**<br>**purchases**<br>**of raw**<br>**materials**|**Amount of**<br>**purchases**<br>**of raw**<br>**materials**|**% of total**<br>**purchases**<br>**of raw**<br>**materials**|**Amount of**<br>**purchases**<br>**of raw**<br>**materials**|**% of total**<br>**purchases**<br>**of raw**<br>**materials**|
|Top<br>10<br>suppliers|3,663.98|85.64%|2,890.74|68.80%|2,644.30|70.87%|
|Top<br>3<br>domestic<br>suppliers|2,688.65|62.84%|2,389.89|58.24%|1,890.64|52.23%|
|Top<br>3<br>foreign<br>suppliers|559.63|13.08%|282.08|6.71%|459.37|12.31%|



However, there is no direct/ indirect relationship between such entities and our Company, our Promoter, Directors and Promoter Group members. Our ability to remain competitive, maintain costs and profitability depend, in part, on our ability to source and maintain a stable and sufficient supply of raw materials at acceptable prices. Our major raw materials include Stainless Steel Sheets, Stainless Steel Coils, Stainless Steel wire and Stainless Steel Scrap. For further information, see _“Our Business – Procurement of Raw Materials”_ on page 203 of this Red Herring Prospectus. We depend on external suppliers for all the raw materials required and typically purchase raw materials on a purchase order basis and place such orders with them in advance based on our projected requirements. As a result, the success of our business is significantly dependent on maintaining good relationships with our raw material suppliers. The absence of long-term supply contracts subjects us to risks such as price volatility caused by various factors viz. commodity market fluctuations, currency fluctuations, climatic and environmental conditions, transportation cost, changes in domestic as well as international government policies, regulatory changes and trade sanctions. Some part of our raw materials and consumables are also imported. The USA, Singapore, Malaysia, Hong Kong and UAE constituted the top 5 countries from which the raw materials were imported during the last three financial years. As a result, we continue to remain susceptible to the risks arising out of foreign exchange rate fluctuations as well as import duties, which could result in a decline in our operating margins. If we cannot fully offset the increase in raw material prices with increase in the prices for our products, we will experience lower profit margins, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and ultimately lead to a liquidity crunch. In the absence of such contracts, we are also exposed to the risk of unavailability of raw materials in desired quantities and qualities, in a timely manner. 

Although we have not faced significant disruptions in the procurement of raw materials in the past, COVID-19 pandemic temporarily affected our ability to source raw materials from certain vendors who were unable to transport raw materials to us. There can thus, be no assurance that in future we will be able to procure the required quantities and quality of raw materials commensurate with our requirements. In Fiscals 2021, 2022 and 2023, the cost of raw materials and components consumed amounts to ₹ 3,224.55 million, ₹ 3,735.22 million, and ₹ 4,189.58 million representing 89.65%, 87.49% and 87.32% respectively, of our revenue from operations. There can also be no assurance that a particular supplier will continue to supply us with raw materials in the future. Any delay in supplying finished products to customers in accordance with the terms and conditions of the purchase orders, such as delivery within a specified time, as a result of delayed raw material supply, could result in the customer refusing to accept our products, which may have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. Further, we cannot assure you of our ability to enter into fresh agreements with suppliers on terms acceptable to us, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to source raw materials in a commercially viable and timely manner as well as the commitments to our customers, which may impact our business and profitability. 

33 

Further, as we generally receive purchase orders for supply of our products to customers, we rely on historical trends and other indicators to purchase the required quantities of raw materials. We, therefore, run the risk of purchasing more raw materials than necessary, which could expose us to risks associated with prolonged storage of some of these materials, and materially affect our results of operations. Conversely, if our customers place orders for greater quantities of products compared to their historical requirements, we may not be able to adequately source the necessary raw materials in a timely manner and may not have the required manufacturing capacity to meet such demand. In addition, if all or a significant number of our suppliers for any particular raw material are unable or unwilling to meet our requirements or if our estimates fall short of the demand, we could suffer shortages or significant cost increases. Continued supply disruptions could exert pressure on our costs, and we cannot assure you that all or part of any increased costs can be passed along to our customers in a timely manner or at all, which could negatively affect our business, overall profitability and financial performance. 

**_2. The pricing in the steel industry is subject to market demand, volatility and economic conditions. Fluctuations in steel prices may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, prospects and financial conditions._** 

Steel prices fluctuate based on a number of factors, such as, the availability and cost of raw material inputs, fluctuations in domestic and international demand and supply of steel and steel products, international production and capacity, fluctuation in the volume of steel imports, transportation costs, protective trade measures and various social and political factors, in the economies in which the steel producers sell their products and are sensitive to the trends of particular industries, such as, the construction and machinery industries. When downturns occur in these economies or sectors, it may lead to a decrease in steel and steel product prices. Low steel prices adversely affect the businesses and results of operations of steel product producers generally, including ours, resulting in lower revenue and margins and write-downs of products and raw material inventories. Further, substantial decreases in steel and steel product prices during periods of economic weakness have not always been balanced by commensurate price increases during periods of economic strength. Any sustained price recovery shall require a broad economic recovery, in order to underpin an increase in real demand for steel and steel products by end users. In addition, the volatility, length and nature of business cycles affecting the steel and steel products industry may become increasingly unpredictable, and the recurrence of another major downturn in the industry may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

**_3. We are dependent on a few customers for a major part of our revenues. Further we do not enter into long-term arrangements with our customers and any failure to continue our existing arrangements could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our sales are concentrated to a few customers and our revenue from operations from our top 10 customers as in Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 is set out below: 

|**Particulars**|**Fiscal**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operations**<br>**(₹ in**<br>**million)**|**2023**<br>**% of**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operations**|**Fisca**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operations**<br>**(₹ in**<br>**million)**|**l 2022**<br>**% of**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operations**|**Fisca**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operations**<br>**(₹ in**<br>**million)**|**l 2021**<br>**% of**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operations**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Customer 1**|869.51|18.12|739.29|15.06|457.28|10.98|
|**Customer 2**|529.18|11.03|292.46|5.96|236.51|5.68|
|**Customer 3**|335.09|6.98|207.41|4.22|181.50|4.36|
|**Customer 4**|111.34|2.32|125.33|2.55|112.37|2.70|
|**Customer 5**|106.36|2.22|123.87|2.52|109.82|2.64|



34 

|**Customer 6**|90.37|1.88|113.62|2.31|107.61|2.58|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Customer 7**|86.56|1.80|99.61|2.03|95.83|2.30|
|**Customer 8**|86.37|1.80|85.38|1.74|71.79|1.72|
|**Customer 9**|86.32|1.80|65.03|1.32|58.77|1.41|
|**Customer**<br>**10**|79.51|1.66|54.95|1.13|40.51|0.98|
|**_Total_**|**_2,380.61_**|**_49.62_**|**_1,906.95_**|**_38.84_**|**_1,471.99_**|**_35.35_**|



However, there is no direct/ indirect relationship between such entities and our Company, our Promoter, Directors and Promoter Group members. We presently do not have any long-term or exclusive arrangements with any of our customers and we cannot assure you that we will be able to sell the quantities we have historically supplied to such customers. In the event our competitors’ products offer better margins to such customers or otherwise incentivize them, there can be no assurance that our customers will continue to place orders with us. Most of our transactions with our customers are typically on a purchase order basis without any commitment for a fixed volume of business. There can also be no assurance that our customers will place their orders with us on current or similar terms, or at all. Further, our customers could change their business practices or seek to modify the terms that we have customarily followed with them, including in relation to their payment terms. While we negotiate product prices and payment terms with our customers, in the event our customers alter their requirements, it could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, our customers may also cancel purchase orders at short notice or without notice, which could have an impact on our inventory management. In the event of frequent cancellations of purchase orders, the same could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Although our Company maintains long-term relationship with our major customers, there can be no assurance that we will continue to maintain such relationship with our customers. Further, in the event our customers experience any delays in placing orders with us, or if they prefer to buy the products of our competitors, it could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our inability to maintain our existing customer network could have a negative impact on our sales, business growth prospects, result in slowdown of operation, financial conditions and cash flows. Further, the performance of our customers, their sales network and their ability to expand their businesses are crucial to the future growth of our business and directly affect our sales volume and profitability. If any of the customers fails to sell our products to the end customers, or if our relationships with our customers are affected, our profitability could be significantly affected. 

**_4. A significant portion of our domestic sales are derived from the western and north zone and any adverse developments in this market could adversely affect our business._** 

Set forth below is certain information on our geography-wise domestic revenue from operations for the periods indicated: 

|**Zone**|**Break-up of total d**|**omestic revenue from op**|**erations(%)**|
|---|---|---|---|
||**FY 2023**|**FY 2022**|**FY 2021**|
|**West**<sup>**(1)**</sup>|69.16%|68.36%|71.53%|
|**North**<sup>**(2)**</sup>|11.63%|12.06%|13.09%|
|**South**<sup>**(3)**</sup>||Negligible||
|**East**||Nil||
|**Total**|**80.79%**|**80.42%**|**84.62%**|



_(1) West includes state of Maharashtra, Gujarat and Rajasthan_ 

_(2) North includes state of Delhi and Haryana_ 

_(3) South includes Tamil Nadu and Karnataka_ 

35 

We have historically derived a significant portion of our revenue from sales in the western and north zone. Our revenue from domestic sales for the Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021 was ₹ 3,875.39 million, ₹ 3,431.72 million and ₹ 3,041.76 million respectively which was 80.79%, 80.42% and 84.62% of revenue from operations respectively. In Financial year ended March 31, 2023 the revenue generated from sales in western and northern zone represented 69.16% and 11.63% respectively of our revenue from domestic sales. 

Accordingly, any materially adverse social, political or economic development, natural calamities, civil disruptions, regulatory developments or changes in the policies of the state or local government in these regions could adversely affect our manufacturing and distribution activities, result in modification of our business strategy or require us to incur significant capital expenditure, which will in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Further, our sales from these regions may decline as a result of increased competition, regulatory action, pricing pressures, fluctuations in the demand for or supply of our products or services, or the outbreak of an infectious disease such as COVID-19. Our failure to effectively react to these situations or to successfully introduce new products or services in these markets could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The occurrence of, or our inability to effectively respond to, any such events or effectively manage the competition in the region, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future business prospects. 

**_5. Our business is working capital intensive. If we experience insufficient cash flows from our operations or are unable to borrow to meet our working capital requirements, it may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our business requires significant amount of working capital primarily as a considerable amount of time passes between purchase of raw materials and collection of receivables post sales to customers. As a result, we are required to maintain sufficient stock at all times in order to meet manufacturing requirements as well as extend credit period to customers as per the industry practice, thus increasing our storage and working capital requirements. Consequently, there could be situations where the total funds available may not be sufficient to fulfil our commitments and hence we may need to incur additional indebtedness in the future or utilize internal accruals to satisfy our working capital needs. Our future success depends on our ability to continue to secure and successfully manage sufficient amounts of working capital. Our working capital turnover ratio for the Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021 was 5.80, 8.35 and 8.69, respectively. Further, the average credit period given to the customers by our Company is 75 days and average credit period offered to our Company by the Suppliers is 30 days. Moreover, our ability to arrange financing and the costs of capital of such financing are dependent on numerous factors, including general economic and capital market conditions and the effect of events such as the pandemics, outbreak of wars, credit availability from banks, investor confidence, the continued success of our operations and other laws that are conducive to our raising capital in this manner. 

As we pursue our growth plan, we may be required to raise additional funds by incurring further indebtedness or issuing additional equity to meet our capital expenditures in the future. If we experience insufficient cash flows or are unable to borrow funds on a timely basis, or, at all, to meet our working capital and other requirements, or to pay our debts, it could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Management of our working capital requirements involves the timely payment of, or rolling over of, our short-term indebtedness and securing new and additional loans on acceptable terms, or re-negotiation of our payment terms for our trade payables, collection of trade receivables and preparing and following accurate and feasible budgets for our business operations. If we are unable to manage our working capital requirements, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. There can be no assurance that we will be able to effectively manage our working capital. Should we fail to effectively implement sufficient internal control procedures and management systems to 

36 

manage our working capital and other sources of financing, we may have insufficient capital to maintain and grow our business and we may breach the terms of our financing agreements with banks, face claims under cross-default provisions and be unable to obtain new financing, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. For further information on the working capital facilities currently availed of by us, please see “Restatement Financial Statements” and _“Financial Indebtedness”_ on page 249 and 337 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_6. Our business is a high volume-low margin business. Due to this nature of our business, sudden changes with respect to price movements in goods being traded or sudden ad hoc anomalies in business or operations could substantially affect our net bottom lines and hence, adversely affect our results of operations and financial conditions._** 

Our business is a high-volume low margin business. Our inability to regularly grow our turnover and effectively execute our key business processes could lead to lower profitability and hence adversely affect our operating results, debt service capabilities and financial conditions. Due to the nature of the products we manufacture, sell and due to high competition, we may not be able to charge higher margins on our products. Hence, our business model is heavily reliant on our ability to effectively grow our turnover and manage our key processes including but not limited to procurement of raw material and timely sales / order execution. 

For the financial year 2023, 2022 and 2021, our revenue from operations was ₹ 4,797.48 millions, ₹ 4,269.38 millions and ₹ 3,596.63 millions, respectively. Our profit before tax and profit after tax margin was ranging between 2% to 7%. 

The table below gives details of our Profit Before Tax (PBT) and Profit After Tax (PAT) margins based on restated financials. 

|**Particulars**|**FY2023**|**FY 2022**|**FY 2021**|
|---|---|---|---|
|**_Return Based_**||||
|ROE|29.12%|15.46%|10.15%|
|ROCE|12.62%|9.67%|10.33%|
|**_Margin Based_**||||
|EBIDTA|9.80%|6.81%|6.76%|
|PBT|6.38%|3.15%|2.67%|
|PAT|5.22%|2.22%|1.52%|



As part of our growth strategy, we aim to improve our functional efficiency and expand our business operations. Our growth strategy is subject to and involves risks and difficulties, many of which are beyond our control and, accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be able to implement our strategy or growth plans or complete them within the timelines. Further, we operate in a dynamic industry, and on account of changes in market conditions, industry dynamics, technological improvements or changes and any other relevant factors, our growth strategy and plans may undergo changes or modifications, and such changes or modifications may be substantial, and may even include limiting or foregoing growth opportunities if the situation so demands. Due to the nature of our business involving low profit margins, sudden changes with respect to price movements in goods being traded or sudden _ad hoc_ anomalies in business or operations could substantially affect our net bottom lines and hence, adversely affect our results of operations and financial conditions. 

For further details regarding the discussions and explanations for our past results, please refer to the chapter titled _“Management‘s Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”_ beginning on page 318 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

37 

**_7. We have experienced negative cash flows in relation to our operating, investing and financing activities in the last three financial years. Any negative cash flows in the future would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition._** 

Cash flow of a company is a key indicator to show the extent of cash generated from operations to meet its capital expenditure, pay dividends, repay loans and make new investments without raising finance from external resources. If we are not able to generate sufficient cash flow, it may adversely affect our business and financial operations. We experienced negative cash flows in the following periods as indicated in the table below: 

|**Particulars**|**FY 2023**|**FY 2022**|**_(₹ in million)_**<br>**FY 2021**|
|---|---|---|---|
|Net cash used/ generated from<br>operating activities|(143.36)|(155.09)|129.30|
|Net cash used/ generated from<br>investing activities|(170.17)|(116.10)|(111.50)|
|Net cash used/ generated from<br>financing activities|420.32|280.44|(9.98)|
|Net increase/ (decrease) in cash<br>and cash equivalent|106.79|9.26|7.82|



There can be no assurance that our net cash flows shall be positive in the future. Any negative cash flows in the future over extended periods, or significant negative cash flows in the short term, could materially impact our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. As a result, our cash flows, business, future financial performance and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. For further details, see _“Financial Statements”_ and _“Management‘s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”_ beginning on pages 249 and 318, respectively. 

**_8. We operate in a highly competitive and fragmented industry with low barriers to entry and may be unable to compete successfully against existing or new competitors, the organized and unorganized._** 

We operate in an industry which is highly competitive and fragmented and we compete with a range of organized and unorganized players, both at the national and regional level. Further, while we have an expanding portfolio of products, our competitors may have the advantage of focusing on concentrated products. Further, we compete against established players also, which may have greater access to financial, technical and marketing resources and expertise available to them than us in the products and services in which we compete against them. 

Further, industry consolidation may affect competition by creating larger, more homogeneous and potentially stronger competitors in the markets in which we compete. Our competitors may further affect our business by entering into exclusive arrangements with our existing or potential clients. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against such competitors or that we will not lose our key core employees, associates or clients to such competitors. Additionally, our ability to compete also depends in part on factors outside our control, such as the availability of skilled resources, pricing pressures in the staffing industry and the extent of our competitors’ responsiveness to their client’s needs. Our business may also be affected should our present or prospective clients choose to utilise their internal workforce or rely on independent contractors or local recruitment agencies in the organised segment for meeting their manpower requirements. Our continued success depends on our ability to compete effectively against our existing and future competitors. With the potential entry of new competitors, given the low entry barriers in the industry where we operate, our ability to retain our existing clients and to attract new clients is critical to our 

38 

continued success. As a result, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter increased competition in the future nor can there be any assurance that we will, in light of competitive pressures, be able to effectively compete with our competition in the various product and service segments we operate in, whether on the basis of pricing, quality or range of services or otherwise, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_9. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders._** 

We have in the past entered into transactions with certain our related parties. While all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis and are in compliance with the provisions of Companies Act, 2013 for the financial reporting period, we cannot assure you that we could not have obtained more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. 

Further, it is likely that we may enter into additional related party transactions in the future. Such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. We cannot assure you that any such future transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our minority shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Related party transactions with our Promoter, some of our Directors, their entities and relatives and our promoter group primarily relate to remuneration, loan and sales. Below table describes the related party transactions: 

|**Sr.**|**Type of**<br>**Related**|**For the peri**<br>**March 3**|**od ended**<br>**1, 2023**|**For the peri**<br>**March 3**|**od ended**<br>**1, 2022**|**For the per**<br>**March 3**|**iod ended**<br>**1, 2021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**N**|**Part**|||||||
|**o.**|**y**<br>**Transactions**|**₹**<br>**in**<br>**Million**|**% of total**<br>**rent paid**|**₹**<br>**in**<br>**Million**|**% of total**<br>**rent paid**|**₹**<br>**in**<br>**Million**|**% of total**<br>**rent paid**|
|1|Business<br>Transactions<br>(Rentpaid) <sup>(1)</sup>|8.7|48.96|8.70|53.19|8.70|86.67|
|**Sr.**<br>**No.**|**Type**<br>**of**<br>**Related**<br>**Party**<br>**Transactions**|**₹**<br>**in**<br>**Million**|**% of total**<br>**unsecured**<br>**loan**|**₹**<br>**in**<br>**Million**|**% of total**<br>**unsecured**<br>**loan**|**₹**<br>**in**<br>**Million**|**% of total**<br>**unsecured**<br>**loan**|
|2|Closing<br>balance<br>of<br>loanpayable|102.32|45.21|111.33|49.17|97.43|48.52|
|**Sr.**<br>**No.**|**Type**<br>**of**<br>**Related**<br>**Party**<br>**Transactions**|**₹**<br>**in**<br>**Million**|**% of total**<br>**interest**<br>**expenses**|**₹**<br>**in**<br>**Million**|**% of total**<br>**interest**<br>**expenses**|**₹**<br>**in**<br>**Million**|**% of total**<br>**interest**<br>**expenses**|
|3|Interest<br>Expenses|8.69|7.07|8.69|9.04|7.62|8.62|
|**Sr.**<br>**No.**|**Type**<br>**of**<br>**Related**<br>**Party**<br>**Transactions**|**₹**<br>**in**<br>**Million**|**%  of**<br>**Employee**<br>**Benefit**<br>**Expenses**|**₹**<br>**in**<br>**Million**|**%  of**<br>**Employee**<br>**Benefit**<br>**Expenses**|**₹**<br>**in**<br>**Million**|**%  of**<br>**Employee**<br>**Benefit**<br>**Expenses**|



39 

|4<br>Remuneration<br>& Bonus Paid|8.62|10.94|7.94|10.17|7.71<br>11.08|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|



> (1) _Rent is being paid by our Company in respect of (i) Unit II, (ii) Bungalow Nos. 20 & 21, Vijay Society No. 1, New Khanderao Road, Vadodara, Gujarat; and (iii) Bungalow No.2, Solace Park, Manjusar, Vadodara, Gujarat._ 

The above-mentioned related-party transactions have been done on arm’s length basis and are in compliance with the provisions of Companies Act, 2013 for the financial reporting period. For further information on our related party transactions, please see " _Note 44 – Related Party Transactions_ " in the chapter titled _“Restated Financial Statements”_ on page 310. 

**_10. Most of our Directors do not have any prior experience of being a director in any other listed company in India._** 

Our current Board comprises of six directors which includes Chairman and Managing Director, one Whole-time Director, three non-executive independent directors and one non-executive nonindependent director. Most of our board of directors do have any prior experience of being a director in any other listed company in India. While our Board members are qualified and have relevant experience in their respective field, not having any prior experience as being a director in any other listed company in India may present some potential challenges to our Company in effectively meeting with good corporate governance norms and practices. Additionally, having lack of such experience amongst the board of directors may impact our Company's credibility and reputation among the investors and other stakeholders. For further details, please see chapter titled “Our Management” on page no. 223 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_11. Under-utilization of our production capacities could have an adverse effect on our business, future prospects and future financial performance._** 

As of March 31, 2023, we are operating out of four units in Vadodara and Ahmedabad, Gujarat with an aggregate estimated installed production capacity of 6,000 metric ton per annum for stainless steel washers, 18,500 metric ton per annum for stainless steel finishing sheets, 2,000 metric ton per annum for pipes & tube. Our ability to maintain our profitability depends on our ability to optimize the product mix to support high-margin products and products with consistent long-term demand and the demand-supply balance of our products in the principal and target markets. In particular, the level of our capacity utilization can impact our operating results. Capacity utilization is also affected by our product mix and the demand and supply balance. The following table sets forth certain information relating to capacity utilization of our Units calculated on the basis of total installed production capacity and actual production as of/ for the periods indicated below: 

|||||**_(Units In MT)_**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Fiscal**|**Units**|**Finishing**<br>**Sheets**|**Washers &**<br>**Solar hook **|**Tubes & Pipes**|
|2022-23|_Capacity_|18,500|6,000|2,000|
||_Production_|15,830|2,091|1,109|
||_Utilization_|85.56%|34.85%|55.45%|
|2021-22|_Capacity_|18,500|5,500|2,000|
||_Production_|14,906|3,707|1,134|
||_Utilization _|80.57%|67.40%|56.70%|
|2020-21|_Capacity_|16,500|4,800|2,000|
||_Production_|15,919|2,408|1,385|
||_Utilization _|96.48%|50.17%|69.25%|



_As certified by Upendra Nath Mahto, Independent Chartered Engineer vide his certificate dated July 13, 2023_ 

40 

For further information, see _“Our Business – Capacity and Capacity Utilization”_ on page 203 of this Red Herring Prospectus. These percentage are not indicative of future capacity utilization, which are dependent on various factors, including demand for our products, availability of raw materials, shipping cost, our ability to manage our inventory and improving operational efficiency. Underutilization of our production capacities over extended periods or significant under-utilization in the short-term could materially and adversely impact our business, growth prospects and future financial performance. 

Our capacity utilization levels are dependent on our ability to carry out uninterrupted operations at units, the availability of raw materials, industry/ market conditions, as well as by the product requirements of, and procurement practice followed by our customers. In the event we face prolonged disruptions at our facilities including due to interruptions in the supply of electricity, water or as a result of labour unrest, or are unable to procure sufficient raw materials, we would not be able to achieve full capacity utilization of our current Units, resulting in operational inefficiencies which could have a materially adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

**_12. We have not received necessary approval from the competent authority for construction of a portion of our factory premises at Unit-I admeasuring about 1,300 square meters._** 

Our factory premises which are located at Plot E/77, Savli Industrial Estate, Gujarat (Unit-I) admeasuring about 7,005.25 sq. mtrs. have been constructed in accordance with the plans sanctioned by the competent authority i.e. Executive Engineer, GIDC. Subsequently, our Company has constructed additional area of about 1,300 sq. mtrs. at Unit-I which area is being used to undertake production of SS finishing sheets. As per terms of the lease deed dated October 30, 2002 executed by GIDC in our favour, any alternation or addition to any building or construction on Unit-I requires prior written approval from Executive Engineer, GIDC which approval has not been obtained by us in respect of the aforesaid additional constructed area. Our Company has on January 13, 2023 applied to GIDC for seeking such approval from Executive Engineer, GIDC which approval is still pending. 

There can be no assurance that the relevant authority (i.e. Executive Engineer, GIDC) will approve/ authorize the construction of the aforesaid additional area carried out by us. Further, there is no assurance that the relevant authorities will not initiate penal action against us, restrain our operations, impose fines/ penalties, initiate legal proceedings or suspend or terminate the lease granted to us for our inability to obtain the prior approval for the additional construction. Non-receipt of such approval / authorization could adversely affect our operations relating to SS finishing sheets business. Our revenues from finishing line business were INR 3,057.33 Million, INR 2,713.04 Million and INR 2,389.23 Million which constitutes 63.73%, 63.55% and 66.43% of our total revenues for the Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Further, there is no assurance that the relevant authorities will not initiate penal action against us, restrain our operations, impose fines/ penalties, initiate legal proceedings or suspend or terminate the lease granted to us for our inability to obtain the prior approval for the additional construction. Such approval, if granted, may also be subject to numerous conditions some of which may be onerous or may require further compliances to be undertaken by us. 

We cannot assure you that such non-compliances will not occur in the future or that we may not be subject to any penalties in relation to such non-compliances which may affect our profitability, business, financial conditions and results of operations. If there is any failure by us to obtain the aforesaid approval from Executive Engineer, GIDC, we may have to incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, suffer a disruption in our operations or might result in revocation of some of our approvals and permits, any of which would adversely affect our business, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows. 

41 

**_13. Our inability to collect receivables from our customers or default in payment by them could result in the reduction of our profits and affect our cash flows._** 

Our operations involve extending credit for extended periods of time to our customers in respect of our products and consequently, we face the risk of non-receipt of these outstanding amounts in a timely manner or at all, particularly in the absence of long-term arrangements with our customers. While we have not adopted any credit policy, we typically operate on pre-sanctioned credit limits with customers and cannot guarantee that our customers will not default on their payments. While we generally monitor the ability of our customers to pay these open credit arrangements and limit the credit, we extend to what is reasonable and based on an evaluation of each customer’s financial condition and payment history, we may still experience losses because of a customer being unable to pay. As a result, while we maintain a reasonable allowance for doubtful receivables for potential credit losses based upon our historical trends and other available information, there is a risk that our estimates may not be accurate. As majority of our customers operate from foreign jurisdictions, pursuing legal remedies to collect the trade receivables may involve paying higher legal fees and other expenses. Our inability to collect receivables from our customers in a timely manner or at all in future, could adversely affect our working capital cycle and cash flows. In Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021, our trade receivables  were ₹ 633.72 Million, 402.89 Million and ₹ 332.50 Million respectively, which represented 13.21% 9.44% and 9.24% of our revenues from operations for such periods, respectively. Macroeconomic conditions could also result in financial difficulties, including insolvency or bankruptcy of our customers and as a result could cause customers to delay payments to us, request modifications to their payment arrangements, that could increase our receivables or affect our working capital requirements or default on their payment obligations to us. During the Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021, our bad debts were Nil, Nil and Nil, respectively. An increase in bad debts or in defaults by our customers may compel us to utilize greater amounts of our operating working capital and result in increased financing costs, thereby adversely affecting our results of operations and cash flows. 

**_14. We have incurred borrowings from commercial banks and financial institutions and our inability to comply with repayment and other covenants in our financing agreements could adversely affect our business and financial condition._** 

We have entered into agreements with banks for short-term and long-term borrowings. These borrowings include secured fund based and non-fund based facilities. As of March 31, 2023, we had Total Borrowings (consisting of borrowings under non-current liabilities, current maturities of longterm debts and borrowings under current liabilities) of ₹ 2,299.89 Million, which comprises of secured loans from banks and financial institutions. Our ability to meet our debt service obligations and repay our outstanding borrowings shall depend primarily on the cash generated by our business. The financing agreements that we have entered into for availing the secured loans contain negative covenants, including for availing fresh credit facility, giving fresh loans and advances, issuing corporate guarantee, etc. Any failure to service such indebtedness, or otherwise perform any obligations under such financing agreements may lead to termination of one or more of our credit facilities or incur penalties and acceleration of payments under such credit facilities, foreclosure on our assets, trigger cross-default provisions under certain of our other financing agreements which may adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to conduct and implement our business plans. The financing agreements that we have entered into for availing the secured loans contain negative covenants, including for availing fresh credit facility, giving fresh loans and advances, issuing corporate guarantee, etc. Any failure to service such indebtedness, or otherwise perform any obligations under such financing agreements may lead to termination of one or more of our credit facilities or incur penalties and acceleration of payments under such credit facilities, foreclosure on our assets, trigger cross-default provisions under certain of our other financing agreements which may adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to conduct and implement our business plans. Although we have received consents/NOC from our lenders for undertaking the Offer, these restrictive covenants may affect some of the rights of our Shareholders. 

42 

Further, we are required to, amongst other obligations, comply with certain financial covenants including maintaining the prescribed inventory margins, insurance covers on the hypothecated properties and lien creation. Our hypothecated assets comprise of our stock of raw materials, semifinished and finished goods, consumable stores and spares and such other movable current assets including book debts, bills whether documentary or clean, outstanding monies, receivables, both present and future. We have also mortgaged our immovable assets in favour of the bank to secure the aforesaid facilities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with these financial or other covenants or that we will be able to obtain consents necessary to take the actions that are required to operate and grow our business. In the event we breach any financial or other covenants contained in any of our financing arrangements, we may be required to immediately repay our borrowings either in whole or in part, together with any related costs. 

We have breached certain terms of loans in past. For instance, we have given loan of ₹ 38.67 million to a third party without seeking permission from the lenders. Loans have been repaid by the Company to Promoter without prior approval from lenders. There has not been any action taken by our lenders for such breach. However, there can be no assurance that no action shall be taken by our lenders. 

Further, any fluctuations in the interest rates may directly impact the interest costs of such loans and affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our ability to make repayments and refinance our indebtedness will depend on our continued ability to generate cash from our future operations. We may not be able to generate enough cash flow from operations or obtain enough capital to service our debt. For further information, please see _“Financial Indebtedness”_ beginning on page 337 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_15. All our production units are located in one geographic area and therefore, any localized social unrest, natural disaster or breakdown of services or any other natural disaster in and around Vadodara and Ahmedabad, Gujarat or any disruption in production at, or shutdown of, our production units could have material adverse effect on our business and financial condition._** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our production units are located within the state of Gujarat, India at a distance of approximately one hundred kilometres from each other and are thus, concentrated in one geographic area. 

Our manufacturing operations and consequently our business is dependent upon our ability to manage the units, which are subject to operating risks, including those beyond our control. In the event of any disruptions at our units, due to natural or man-made disasters, workforce disruptions, delay in regulatory approvals, fire, failure of machinery, lack of continued access to assured supply of electrical power and water at reasonable costs, changes in the policies of the states or local government or authorities or any significant social, political or economic disturbances or civil disruptions in and around Vadodara and Ahmedabad, Gujarat our ability to manufacture our products may be adversely affected. 

Disruptions in and around our units could delay production or require us to shut down the units. Any contravention of or non-compliance with the terms of various regulatory approvals applicable to the units may also require us to cease or limit production until such non-compliance is remedied to the satisfaction of relevant regulatory authorities. We cannot assure you that we will not experience work disruptions in the future resulting from any dispute with our employees or other problems associated with our employees and the labour involved in our units, which may hinder our regular operating activities and lead to disruptions in our operations, which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

Further, any materially adverse social, political or economic development, civil disruptions, or changes in the policies of the state government or state or local governments in this region could adversely affect our manufacturing operations, and require a modification of our business strategy, or require us to incur significant capital expenditure or suspend our operations. Any such adverse 

43 

development affecting continuous operations at our manufacturing facilities could result in significant loss due to an inability to meet customer contracts and production schedules, which could materially affect our business reputation within the industry. The occurrence of or our inability to effectively respond to, any such events or effectively manage the competition in the region, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future business prospects. Further, continuous addition of industries in and around our units without commensurate growth of its infrastructural facilities may put pressure on the existing infrastructure therein, which may adversely affect our business. Further, the spiralling cost of living around our manufacturing facilities may push our manpower costs higher, which may reduce our margin and cost competitiveness. 

**_16. Our Promoter has provided personal guarantee for loans availed by us. In the event of default of the debt obligations, the personal guarantees may be invoked thereby adversely affecting our Promoter’s ability to manage the affairs of our Company and our Company’s profitability and consequently this may impact our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our Company has availed loans in business. Our Promoter has provided personal guarantee in relation to certain loans availed by our Company, for details please see _“Financial Indebtedness”_ on page 337. In the event of default in repayment of the loans by the Company, the personal guarantee extended by our Promoter may be invoked by our lenders thereby adversely affecting our Promoter’s ability to manage the affairs of our Company and this, in turn, could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_17. Our inability to effectively manage our growth or to successfully implement our business plan and growth strategy could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

While we have experienced significant growth and have expanded our operations over in the last three Fiscals and anticipate that we will continue to potentially grow and take advantage of market opportunities. For the Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, our revenue from operations were ₹ 4,797.48 million, ₹ 4,269.38 million and ₹ 3,596.63 million, respectively, registering a CAGR of 9.64% in last 3 years. Similarly, our profit after tax has grown from INR 54.59 million in Fiscal 2021 to INR 250.44 million in Fiscal 2023, registering a CAGR of 65.65% in last 3 years. We cannot assure you that our growth strategy will continue to be successful or that we will be able to continue to expand further or at the same rate. The success of our business will depend greatly on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategy. Our growth strategy includes growing our product portfolio, strengthening our brand, deepening our penetration in existing markets and expanding our presence in select new territories and expanding our manufacturing capacities. For further information, see _“Our Business – Strategies”_ on page 194 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Our ability to sustain growth depends primarily upon our ability to manage key issues such as our ability to sustain existing relationships with our clients, ability to obtain raw materials at better prices, ability to compete effectively, ability to scaling up our operations, adhering to high quality and execution standards, our ability to expand our manufacturing capabilities and our presence in India as well as globally, the effectiveness of our marketing initiatives, selecting and retaining skilled personnel. Sustained growth also puts pressure on our ability to effectively manage and control historical and emerging risks. Our inability to effectively manage any of these issues may adversely affect our business growth and, as a result, impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our success in implementing our growth strategies may be affected by our ability to identify new market opportunities, develop products, increase our existing network of customers and ability to adapt to changes in the Indian or international regulatory environment applicable to us. Many of these factors are beyond our control and there can be no assurance that we will succeed in implementing our strategy. Any change in government policies and regulations including any ban imposed on a particular product by the respective governments, or any duties, pre- 

44 

conditions or ban imposed by countries from where we source certain raw materials may have an adverse impact on our operations. In addition, there may be delays in the anticipated timing of activities related to such growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans; increased difficulty and cost in implementing these efforts; and the incurrence of other unexpected costs associated with operating the business. Any of these factors could adversely impact our results of operations. If, for any reason, the benefits we realize are less than our estimates or the implementation of these growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans adversely affect our operations or cost more or take longer to effectuate than we expect, or if our assumptions prove inaccurate, our results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

**_18. Our backward integration processes are set-up at units which are taken on leave and license basis. If we are not able to renew these leave and license agreements, we may have to suspend or outsource the backward integration processes which may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and profitability._** 

We carry out backward integration processes of melting and rolling stainless steel scrap at our Units III and IV, respectively situated at Plot no. 548/549, G.I.D.C., Waghodia, Vadodara – 390019, Gujarat and Plot no. 1901, Phase IV, G.I.D.C. Vatva, Ahmedabad – 382440, Gujarat which have been given on leave and license basis to us for a period of one year, subject to option to renew the same. The backward integration provides us an edge over our competitors. If we are not able to renew these licenses or if the terms of renewal are not favourable to our Company, we may have to suspend or outsource these backward integration processes. While we have not faced such disruption in the past however, in the event that we are not able to find alternate sources to carry out these processes for us or if the costs incurred in such outsourcing are higher than our current operating costs for these units, it may have an adverse effect on the profitability of our Company. For instance, if the entire melting work and rolling work is required to be outsourced by our Company then an additional cost of approx. ₹ 8.40 million (for production of 8,400 MT) and approx. ₹ 7.80 million (the production of 7,800 MT) is estimated. This may also lead to disruption of budgeting and planning of the management which could have an adverse impact on the financial results of our Company. Further, it may also interrupt the operations thus compelling us to halt the manufacturing activities of our Company. 

**_19. A major portion of our public shareholding is held by Shareholders who are extended family members of our Promoter. After the successful completion of the Offer, these Shareholders shall have the ability to influence the outcome of matters that are submitted to public shareholders for their approval._** 

As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, some of our public shareholders who are the extended family members of our Promoter hold 2,592,000 Equity Shares representing 7.48% of the pre-Offer, subscribed and paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. After successful completion of this Offer, these Shareholders shall continue to hold significant public shareholding in our Company. As a result, these Shareholders shall have the ability to exercise significant influence on the outcome of matters submitted to public shareholders for their approval. These Shareholders may take or block actions with respect to our business, which may conflict with our interests or the interests of other minority shareholders. If these Shareholders sell a substantial number of the Equity Shares in the public market, or if there is a perception that such sale or distribution could occur, the market price of the Equity Shares could be adversely affected. No assurance can be given that such Equity Shares that are held by these Shareholders shall not be sold any time after the Offer, which could cause the price of the Equity Shares to decline. 

**_20. The Offer Price of our Equity Shares, our market capitalization to revenue from operations, market capitalization to total income, market capitalization to tangible assets and our Enterprise Value to EBIDTA ratio may not be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Offer_** 

While our market capitalization is subject to the determination of the Offer Price, which will be determined by our Company and the Promoter Selling Shareholder in consultation with the BRLM 

45 

through the Book Building Process, certain ratios vis-à-vis market capitalization to revenue from operations, market capitalization to total income, market capitalization to tangible assets and our Enterprise Value to EBIDTA ratio for the Financial Year 2023 are set out below: 

Ratio in relation to Price band of ₹ [●] to ₹ [●] per Equity Share 

|**Particulars**||**At the lower end of the**<br>**price band**<br>**(no. of times) ***|**At the higher end of the**<br>**price band**<br>**(no. of times) ***|
|---|---|---|---|
|a) Market<br>capitalization/<br>Revenue<br>operations|from|[●]|[●]|
|b) Market capitalization/ Total Revenue||[●]|[●]|
|c) Market capitalization/ Tangible Assets||[●]|[●]|
|d) EV/ EBITDA||[●]|[●]|



_* To be updated at Prospectus stage._ 

The Offer Price of our Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and the Promoter Selling Shareholder in consultation with the BRLM, and through the Book Building Process. This price is based on numerous factors, as described herein above and under “Basis for Offer Price” and may not be indicative of the market price for our Equity Shares after the Offer. Further, our Offer Price and the multiples and ratios specified above may not be comparable to the market price, market capitalization and price-to-earnings ratios of our peers and   be dependent on the various factors included under chapter “Basis of Offer Price” on page 128. 

Accordingly, any valuation exercise undertaken for the purposes of the Offer by our Company and the Promoter Selling Shareholder, in consultation with the BRLM, would not be based on a benchmark with our industry peers. The relevant financial parameters on the basis of which Price Band will be determined, have been disclosed under “Basis for Offer Price” and shall be disclosed in the Price Band advertisement. 

The following table sets forth certain ratios vis-à-vis our total revenue, tangible assets and EBITDA for the Financial Year 2023 of our Company compared to our listed peers: 

# **Peers Ratio** 

Based on the peer company information (excluding our Company) given below in this section: 

|**Particulars**|**Market**<br>**capitaliz**<br>**ation/**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operati**<br>**ons**|**Mar**<br>**capit**<br>**on/**<br>**reve**|**ket**<br>**alizati**<br>**Total**<br>**nue**|**Market**<br>**capitaliz**<br>**ation/**<br>**Tangible**<br>**Assets**|**EV/**<br>**EBITDA**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|M.M. Forgings Limited|1.82||1.78|3.61|11.76|
|Menon Bearings Limited|3.48||3.43|5.51|14.43|
|Venus Pipes & Tubes<br>Limited|4.98||4.95|8.50|39.71|



_Notes:_ 

- _a) Market capitalization/ Revenue from operations is computed company's stock price on BSE as on August 8, 2023, and the number of outstanding shares divided by Revenue from operations of the company for the period._ 

46 

   - _b) Market capitalization/Total Revenue is computed company's stock price on BSE as on August 8, 2023, and the number of outstanding shares divided by Total revenue of the company for the period._ 

   - _c) Market capitalization/ Tangible assets is computed company's stock price on BSE as on August 8, 2023, and the number of outstanding shares divided by tangible assets which include all assets less intangible assets and total liabilities (except deferred tax liabilities)._ 

   - _d) EV/EBITDA ratio is computed as the market capitalization of the peer group on BSE as on August 8, 2023, plus the total debt of the respective peer groups on March 31, 2023, divided by the EBITDA for Fiscal 2023_ 

**_21. Our Company, its Promoter and our Directors are party to certain legal proceedings. Any adverse outcome in such proceedings may have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our Company, Promoter and some of our Directors are currently involved in certain legal proceedings. These legal proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and other authorities. In the event of any adverse rulings in these proceedings or the consequent levying of penalties, we may need to make payments or make provisions for future payments, which may increase our expenses and current or contingent liabilities. 

The summary of outstanding litigation involving our Company, Promoter and Directors as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus have been provided below in accordance with the materiality policy adopted by our Board. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there are no outstanding litigation proceedings involving our Group Companies, the outcome of which could have a material impact on our Company. For details, please see _“Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments”_ on page 341. 

|**Name of the Entity**|**Criminal**<br>**proceedin**<br>**gs**<br>**p**|**Tax**<br>**roceeding**<br>**s**|**Statutor**<br>**y or**<br>**regulat**<br>**ory**<br>**proceed**<br>**ings**|**Disciplina**<br>**ry actions**<br>**by SEBI**<br>**or stock**<br>**exchanges**<br>**against**<br>**our**<br>**Promoter**|**Materia**<br>**l civil**<br>**litigatio**<br>**ns**|**Aggreg**<br>**ate**<br>**amount**<br>**involve**<br>**d**<br>**(INR in**<br>**Million)***|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Company**|||||||
|By the Company|1|-|-|-|1|48.06|
|Against<br>the<br>Company|-|21|18|-|1|197.97|
|**Directors**|||||||
|By the Directors|1|-|-|-|-|-|
|Against the Directors|-|1|6|-|-|1.16|
|**Promoter**|||||||
|By the Promoter|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|Against the Promoter|-|5|6|-|-|2.38|



_*To the extent quantifiable_ 

The amounts mentioned above may be subject to additional interest/ penalties being levied by the concerned authorities which have not been included above as not being ascertainable as on date of this Red Herring Prospectus. We cannot assure you that these proceedings will be decided in favour of our Company, Promoter or our Directors, as the case may be. Any adverse decision in such proceedings may render us liable to penalties and may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and financial condition. Additionally, during the course of our business we are subject to risk 

47 

of litigation in relation to contractual obligations, employment and labour laws, personal injury and property damage, etc. 

Furthermore, if we get involved in disputes with third-parties in the course of our operations such as suppliers, customers and sub- contractors, the same may lead to legal or other proceedings and may result in substantial costs, delays in our development and operation schedule, and the diversion of resources and management’s attention, regardless of the outcome. We may also have disagreements with regulatory authorities in the course of our operations, which may subject us to legal proceedings and unfavourable decisions that may result in penalties or delay or disrupt our development and operations. 

**_22. We are required to obtain consents under certain environmental laws, which are critical for operating our units. We have in the past been non-compliant with the requirements under environmental law for our operations and there is no assurance that in the future we would be able to obtain such consent in a timely manner or at all._** 

We require certain material environmental consents under the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 (“Air Act”), Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 (“Water Act”) and Hazardous and Other Wastes (Management and Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016 (“Hazardous Waste Management Rules”) in the form of (i) Consent to Establish (“CTE”) to establish our Manufacturing Facility and (ii) a Consolidated Consent and Approval (“CCA”) to commence our manufacturing operations, from the Gujarat Pollution Control Board (“GPCB”) for our units. 

In past, our production capacity has been in excess of the capacity of 6,240 MT p.a. granted to us by GPCB on November 30, 2017 under CCA for SS washers/ SS Metal Products / SS Finish. Therefore, we have been in contravention of the Air Act, Water Act, and the Hazardous Waste Management Rules (“Environmental Laws”) for operating our Manufacturing Facility at Unit-I over and above the authorised capacity of 6,240 MT p.a. as per the CCA granted by GPCB. The penalty for contravention of these sections and rules as per the Air Act, Water Act and Hazardous Waste Management Rules includes imprisonment and monetary penalty. Our Company has filed an application dated April 18, 2023 with the GPCB for seeking modification/amendment to CCA for Unit I. 

As per section 25 read with section 44 of the Water Act and section 21 read with section 37 of the Air Act, contravention of the aforesaid violation can attract penalty under each of the aforesaid enactments of imprisonment for a term which shall be not less than eighteen months but may extend upto six years and with fine on every person who at the time of commission of the offence was in charge of, and was responsible for the conduct of the business of the Company, as well as the Company, shall be deemed to be guilty of the offence. While no further actions have been taken in relation to such violations mentioned above, we may, in the future, be subjected to regulatory actions for such violations including closure of our units, imposition of penalties and other penal actions against our Company and key personnel, which may have a negative impact on our business, reputation, results of operations and cash flows. Further, any failure to comply with environmental laws and/or the terms and conditions of approvals issued under such environmental laws and regulations could also impact our ability to obtain or renew the approvals with respect to our units in a timely manner or at all and may also adversely affect our ability to operate our units and consequently affect our results of operations. 

**_23. Our Restated Financial Statements disclose certain contingent liabilities which if materialize, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operation._** 

As of March 31, 2023, our contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37 - Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, were as follows: 

48 

# **<u>Contingent Liabilities</u>** 

|<br>|<br>|**_(₹ in Millions)_**<br>|
|---|---|---|
|**Sr. No.**|**Particulars**|**As at March 31,**<br>**2023**|
|1.|Income tax|100.02|
|2.|Sales Tax|26.07|
|3.|CESTAT|17.05|
|4.|Civil|1.28|
||**Capital Commitments**||
|5.|Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on<br>capitalaccount andnot providedfor(net ofcapitaladvances)|18.54|
||**_Total_**|**162.96**|



If a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For further information on our contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37, see _“Restated Financial Statements – Note 36 – Contingent Liabilities and Capital Commitments”_ on page 293 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_24. The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoter Selling Shareholder is lower than the Floor Price._** 

The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by Vijay Ramanlal Sanghavi, the Promoter Selling Shareholder being Nil, is lower than the Floor Price. For further details regarding the average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by the Promoter Selling Shareholder in our Company, please see “Summary of the Offer Document – Average Cost of Acquisition” on page 31 of the RHP. 

**_25. We have experienced high attrition rate in respect of our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel. We may not be able to retain such persons in future which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We are dependent on our Promoter, Directors and key managerial personnel for setting our strategic business direction and managing our business. Our Directors and key managerial personnel have extensive experience in their areas of expertise. Our ability to meet continued success and future business challenges depends on our ability to attract, recruit and retain experienced, talented and skilled professionals. Without a sufficient number of skilled employees, our operations and manufacturing quality could suffer. Two (2) of our Key Managerial Personnel resigned during the financial year 2022-23 and with respect to our Directors, one (1) of our directors has resigned during the financial year 2022-23. The reason for such high attrition rate of our Key Managerial Personnel and Directors in the recent period was for better prospects. We may experience similar attrition rates in the future which may decrease our operating efficiency and productivity and lead to a decline in the profitability of our Company. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting and retaining suitable employees. The loss of the services of our key personnel or our inability to recruit or train a sufficient number of experienced personnel or our inability to manage the attrition levels of key personnel may have an adverse effect on our financial results and business prospects. 

# **_26. Our Company has not paid dividend accrued on the Preference Shares._** 

Our Company had in the year 2008 issued 1,850,000 9% Redeemable Non-Cumulative Preference Shares (RPS) of face value ₹ 10/- each. The Preference shares were allotted for a tenure upto 20 years with a right to the Company to redeem the Preference shares before expiry of tenure at its own or at the request of Preference Shareholders. Our Company has however not paid dividend/coupon on preference shares on the respective due dates to its Preference Shareholder. As per the provisions of Section 47 of the Companies Act, where the dividend in respect of a class of preference shares has not 

49 

been paid for a period of two years or more, such class of preference shareholders shall have a right to vote on all the resolutions placed before the members of the Company. Vijay Sanghavi has been holding 100% of our Preference Shares since 2010 and has pursuant to the Waiver Letters issued, from time to time, waived his right to claim the dividend / coupon under the RPS. Further, pursuant to receipt of written consent from Vijay Sanghavi vide letter dated December 24, 2022, the terms of the 9% Redeemable Non-Cumulative Preference Shares have been varied to 0% Redeemable NonCumulative Preference Shares. Furthermore, our Promoter has vide his letter dated December 24, 2022 irrevocably and unconditionally waived and relinquished all voting rights, if any, exercisable by him at the general body meetings with respect to the said Redeemable Non-Cumulative Preference Shares. 

**_27. Our inability to accurately forecast demand or price for our products and manage our inventory may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our business depends on our estimate of the demand for our products from customers. We estimate demand for our products based on past sales and advance purchase order. If we overestimate demand, we may purchase more raw materials and manufacture more products than required. If we underestimate demand, we may manufacture fewer quantities of products than required, which could result in delayed or non-fulfilment of purchase orders resulting in loss of customers, goodwill and business. Our Inventory turnover ratio for the Fiscals 2023 2022 and 2021 was 2.08, 2.31 and 2.44, respectively. Our Storage and handling expenses for the Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021 was Nil, Nil and Nil and ₹ 72.92 million, ₹ 45.61 million and ₹ 30.89 million, respectively. In addition, if our products do not achieve widespread acceptance or our customers, change their procurement preferences, we may be required to incur significant inventory markdowns or may not be able to sell the products at all, which would affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. As such, our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_28. There have been some instances of delayed filing/ incorrect filings with the Registrar of Companies and other non-compliances under the Companies Act in the past which may attract penalties._** 

There have been some instances of delayed filing/ incorrect filing, non-filing of prescribed forms in the past with the Registrar of Companies including Form 2, DIR-12, Form MGT-14, DPT-3, Form 5, Form PAS-6 which may attract penalties. For instance, there are errors in the Form 2 filed by our Company with the ROC in relation to allotment dated April 12, 2010, Form DIR-12 for regularization of the appointment of our Director, Babulal Chaplot has not been filed with the RoC, our Company has not filed Form MGT-14 during the fiscal 2021 for availing financial facility form Auriolus Finvest Private Limited as per the requirements of section 117 of the Company Act, 2013, there has been delay in filing Forms DPT-3 for the period One time return, March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2020, there has been delay in filing Forms 5 for increase in authorized capital from Rs. 70 million to 80 million, there has been delay in filing Forms PAS-6 in respect of preference shares for the period 0104-2019 to 30-09-2019, 01-10-2019 to 31-03-2020, 01-04-2020 to 30-09-2020 and Forms PAS-6 in respect of equity shares for the period 01-04-2019 to 30-09-2019. We have filed adjudication application(s) u/s. 454 of the Act with the ROC in respect of the aforesaid forms. Furthermore, the term of the Managing Director had, in the past, ended on June 1, 2021 and he was re-appointed as our Managing Director with effect from June 1, 2022. Consequently, he continued to act as our Managing Director for the period June 1, 2021 till May 30, 2022 without requisite approval. We have filed adjudication application u/s. 454 of the Act with the ROC in respect of the aforesaid non-compliance. Our Company has, in the past, not complied with the requirements of section 314 of the Companies Act, 1956 wherein approval our shareholders and the Central Government was required in the case of appointment of relatives of the Directors in officer or place of profit. Our Company has received a refund of the entire amount paid to the relative of the Director as office of profit. Further, (i) we have not appointed Company Secretary in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 during the period from November 2003 to December 2018; (ii) our Board was not properly constituted in accordance with the provisions of section 149 of the Companies Act with respect to the requirement 

50 

of appointing Independent Directors for the period October 2018 to May 2022 onwards; (iii) necessary committees namely, Audit Committee and Nomination and Remuneration Committees were not duly constituted by us during the period October 2018 to May 2022. We have filed adjudication applications u/s. 454 of the Act with the ROC in respect of the aforesaid non-compliances. Furthermore, Ankita Dineshbhai Soni, our Independent Director appointed on November 30, 2018, did not have Independent Director Database (IDD) registration till July 2022. We have applied for adjudication of this offence _vide_ application dated December 24, 2022. 

Although, no regulatory action or penalty has been taken/ levied on the Company for such delays/ defaults, however, it cannot be assured that no such regulatory action or penalty will be taken/ levied in the future. Further, we cannot assure you that such non-compliances will not occur in the future. Therefore, if the concerned authorities impose monetary penalties on us or take certain punitive actions against our Company or its directors/ officers in relation to the same, our business and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

**_29._ We are required to obtain, renew or maintain certain statutory and regulatory permits and approvals required to operate our business and if we fail to do so in a timely manner or at all and our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and cash flows may be adversely affected.** 

Our operations are subject to government and statutory regulations and we are required to obtain and maintain several permits, consents and regulations and approvals under central, state and local government rules for operating our business generally for our manufacturing facility and depots. While we have obtained the necessary and material approvals, licenses, registrations and permits from the relevant authorities, there could be instances where we may not have applied, obtained or applied with a delay for certain requisite approvals applicable to us. We also need to apply for renewal, from time to time, of some of such approvals, licenses, registrations and permits, which expire or seek fresh approvals, as and when required, in the ordinary course of our business. While we generally apply for the renewal of approvals in a timely manner, we cannot assure that such approvals will be issued or granted to us in a timely manner, or at all. If we do not receive such approvals or are not able to renew the approvals in a timely manner, our business and operations may be adversely affected. For instance, we have not taken consent and registration as required under the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970. We cannot assure you that non-compliances will not occur in the future or that we may not be subject to any penalties in relation to such non-compliances which may affect our profitability, business, financial condition and results of operations. There can be no assurance that the relevant authority will issue an approval or renew expired approvals within the applicable time period or at all. Any delay in receipt or non-receipt of such approvals, licenses, registrations and permits could adversely affect our related operations. Further, under such circumstances, the relevant authorities may initiate penal action against us, restrain our operations, impose fines/penalties or initiate legal proceedings for our inability to renew/obtain approvals in a timely manner or at all. For further details regarding the pending material licenses, please see “Government and other Approvals - Approvals applied for but not yet received/ Renewals made in the usual course of business” on page 352 of the RHP. 

The approvals required by us are also subject to numerous conditions including, among others, quantum of raw materials to be used, fire and safety measures, etc. We cannot assure you that the approvals, licenses, registrations and permits issued to us will not be suspended or cancelled or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and cashflows. 

51 

**_30. Information relating to the installed production capacity and capacity utilization of our production units included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity may vary._** 

We have availed the services of an independent third-party chartered engineer, Upendra Nath Mahto, to prepare a Chartered Engineer certificate dated July 13, 2023 for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Red Herring Prospectus. Information relating to the installed production capacity and capacity utilization of our units included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates of our management that have been considered by an independent chartered engineer while calculating the installed production capacity of, and actual production volumes at, our units. The assumptions and estimates include the standard capacity calculation practices of the stainless steel industry after examining the period during which the units were operational during the year, the expected operations, availability of raw materials, downtime resulting from scheduled maintenance activities, unscheduled breakdowns, as well as expected operational efficiencies, and taking into account the number of working days in a year, number of days in a month, number of shifts in a day and average number of batches per day. Actual production capacity, production levels and utilization rates may therefore vary from the information of our units included in this Red Herring Prospectus or from the historical installed production capacity information of our units depending on the product type. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on our historical installed capacity information for our existing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_31. We do not own any registered trade names or trademarks and we may therefore not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property. Furthermore, we may be subject to claims alleging breach of third party intellectual property rights. Any litigation related to our intellectual property could be time consuming and costly._** 

We do not own any registered copyright, trademark, trade name or other intellectual property right in or to the names or logos trade names or trademarks with the Trade Mark Registry. We sell our products 



under the label “ ”. We have applied for registration of the aforesaid trademark in India and may apply for further registrations in the future. We, therefore, do not enjoy the statutory projections accorded to a registered trademark. The registration of intellectual property including trademarks is a time-consuming process and there can be no assurance that any registration application we may pursue will be successful and that such registration will be granted to us. If we fail to register the appropriate intellectual property or our efforts to protect relevant intellectual property prove to be inadequate, the value attached to our brand could deteriorate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, reputation and goodwill. Furthermore, it is possible that we are not aware of misuse of our trademarks, and this could potentially cause loss of our reputation, which could impact our business and may even affect our goodwill. The use of a deceptively similar or identical third-party mark may result in a loss/injury to us. Such an action may also become a lengthy and costly exercise for us and may not always be in our favor. 

We cannot assure you that our efforts to protect our intellectual property will be adequate, which may lead to erosion of our business value and which could adversely affect our operations. We may need to litigate in order to determine the validity of such claims and the scope of the proprietary rights of others. Any such litigation could be time consuming and costly and the outcome cannot be guaranteed. We may not be able to detect any unauthorized use or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce or protect the intellectual property. 

# **_32. We have a high debt equity ratio._** 

Our business activities are working capital intensive in nature. Our debt to equity ratio has been 2.17%, 2.89% and 2.67% for the fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our capacity to service these debts depends on our continued profitability and availability of liquidity. In case we are unable to achieve 

52 

the desired growth, due to internal constraints or external factors like adverse developments in the industry, we may find it difficult to service the debt and this may affect our credit rating, profitability and growth adversely. 

**_33. We are dependent on third-party transportation providers for the supply of raw materials and delivery of our finished products._** 

Our success depends on the supply and transport of the various raw materials required for our units and of our finished products from our units to our customers, which are subject to various uncertainties and risks. We rely on third-party freight and transportation providers for the delivery of our products to customers with whom we have no formal arrangement, to provide rail, road and other transportation facilities. There is no direct/ indirect relationship between third party transportation and our Company, our Promoter, Group Companies and its Directors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Promoter Group members. We also depend on sea borne freight in respect of import and export operations. Such transportation providers are arranged on an as-needed basis. We maintain marine cargo open insurance policy to cover any damage to our products during domestic transit. Transportation strikes, if any, could have an adverse effect on supplies and deliveries to and from our customers and suppliers. In addition, we undertake our import and export facilities majorly from Mundra and Hazira ports situated in Gujarat and are therefore, heavily dependent on the smooth functioning of the said ports for our export activities. Also, we are situated away from the port which increases the transportation cost and time required to complete any order. Further to the transportation cost, it also increases the insurance cost and the risk faced in conveyance to and from the ports to our Units. 

Raw materials and finished products may be lost or damaged in transit for various reasons including occurrence of accidents or natural disasters. There may also be a delay in delivery of raw materials and products which may also affect our business and results of operations negatively. Our average stock of finished goods for the Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021 was ₹ 188.36 Million, ₹ 378.09 Million and ₹ 236.14 Million, respectively which was 3.92%, 8.85% and 6.56% of revenue from operations, respectively and raw material and consumables for the Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021 was ₹  4,189.58 Million, ₹ 3,735.22 Million and ₹ 3,224.54 Million respectively which was 89.65%, 87.49% and 87.32% of revenue from operations respectively. In the event we fail to maintain a sufficient volume of raw materials and delivery of such materials to us is delayed, we may be unable to meet customer orders in a timely manner or at all. Any such inability may result in loss of sales opportunities that our competitors may capitalize on, thereby adversely affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any compensation received from insurers or third-party transportation providers may be insufficient to cover the cost of any delays and will not repair damage to our relationships with our affected customers and the goodwill of the Company in the market. The current war between Ukraine and Russia has resulted in various global sanctions being levied on Russia which is a major exporter of fossil fuels and natural gas, these sanctions have corresponded in an economic slowdown and an increase in fuel costs throughout the world. We may also be affected by an increase in fuel costs, as it will have a corresponding impact on freight charges levied by our third- party transportation providers. Our freight and forwarding charges were ₹ 72.92 Million, ₹ 75.63 Million and ₹ 16.83 Million in Fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. A continued rise in the cost of fuels could require us to expend considerable resources in addressing our distribution requirements, including by way of absorbing these excess freight charges to maintain our selling price, which could adversely affect our results of operations or passing these charges on to our customers, which could adversely affect demand for our products. 

**_34. We may not be able to identify or effectively respond to evolving preferences, expectations or trends in a timely manner and a failure to derive the desired benefits from our product development efforts may impact our competitiveness and profitability._** 

The success of our business depends in part on our ability to anticipate, identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics and preferences, customer requisitions, and develop new products to meet these requirements. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the 

53 

economic, technological, and other developments that affect demographic and end-customer preferences in the variety of our product categories. 

We cannot assure you that our future product development initiatives will be successful or be completed within the anticipated period or budget, or that our newly developed or improvised products will achieve wide market acceptance from our customers. Even if these products have been successfully developed, there is no guarantee that they will be accepted by our customers and achieve anticipated sales targets in a profitable manner, which may affect our ability to grow our network of customers and gain market share. In addition, there can be no guarantee that the time and effort that we spend in developing these products would be beneficial to our Company. This could also adversely affect our ability to pursue our growth strategy of continuing to develop niche and products to grow our market share. Further, we cannot assure you that our existing or potential competitors will not develop products that are similar or superior to our products. It is often difficult to estimate the time to market new products and there is a substantial risk that we may have to abandon a potential product that is no longer commercially viable, even after we have invested significant resources in the development of such product. If we fail in our product launching efforts, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected. 

Further, as we continue to grow our business by expanding our products, offerings and our geographic reach, maintaining quality and consistency may be more difficult and there can be no assurance that the customers’ confidence in our products will not diminish. Failure or any delay on our part to identify such trends, to align our business successfully and maintain quality could negatively affect our image, our relationship with our customers, the rate of growth of our business, our market share and our prospects. 

We must, on a regular basis, keep pace with the preferences and quality requirements of our consumers, invest continuously in new technology and processes to provide products having the desired qualities and characteristics, and continually monitor and adapt to the changing market demand. An unanticipated change in consumer demand and any sudden change in Government regulations may adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. 

**_35. Our production units and office premises are located on leasehold / leave and license basis. If these leasehold /license agreements are terminated or not renewed on terms acceptable to us, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We are holding our manufacturing units and registered office premises on leave and licence / leasehold basis. Our Unit I and Registered Office located at Plot no. E-77, G.I.D.C., Savli (Manjusar), Vadodara– 391 775, Gujarat, India has been taken on long term lease basis on 99 years by us from G.I.D.C. Our other Unit (Unit II) is located at Plot no. E-120, G.I.D.C., Savli (Manjusar), Vadodara – 391 775, Gujarat, India which has been taken on sub-lease basis on 7 years by us from our promoter group concern, M/s. Ratnaveer Industries. Our Unit III is located at Plot no. 548/549, G.I.D.C., Waghodia, Vadodara – 390019, Gujarat, India has been taken by us on leave and license for a period of 11 months from Jagdish Enterprise Private Limited. Our Unit IV is located at Plot no. 1901, Phase IV, G.I.D.C. Vatva, Ahmedabad – 382440, Gujarat, India has been taken by us on leave and license for a period of 11 months from one Prabhulal Badrilal Kabra. Save as disclosed above, there is no direct/ indirect relationship between the lessor and our Company, our Promoter, Group Companies and its Directors, Directors, Key Managerial Personnel and Promoter Group members. 

Our licenses/ leases may expire in the ordinary course. We cannot assure you that we shall continue to be able to operate out of our existing premises or renew our existing licenses / leases at favourable terms or at all. Any such event may adversely impact our operations and cash flows and may divert management attention from our business operations. In case of any deficiency in the title of the licensors/ owners from whose premises we operate, breach of the contractual terms of any lease, or if any of the owners of these premises do not renew the agreements under which we occupy the premises, 

54 

or if they seek to renew such agreements on terms and conditions unfavourable to us, or if they terminate our agreements, we may suffer a disruption in our operations and shall have to look for alternate premises. 

Given that our business operations are conducted on premises leased, any encumbrance or adverse impact, or deficiency in, the title, ownership rights or development rights of the owners from whose premises we operate, breach of the contractual terms of any lease or leave and license agreements, or any inability to renew such agreements on acceptable terms or at all may adversely affect our business operations. In the event of relocation, we may be required to obtain fresh regulatory licenses and approvals. Until we receive these, we may suffer disruptions in our operations and our business which may adversely affect our financial condition. 

# **_36. There have been some instances of delay/ default in payment of statutory dues by our Company in the past._** 

There have been some instances of delay/ default in payment of statutory dues by our Company in the past which were not material in nature and the same were regularised subsequently. For the last three Fiscals, our Company has generally been regular in depositing undisputed statutory dues such as Provident Fund, Employee State Insurance, Tax deducted at source, Income Tax, Good and Service Tax etc. and other statutory dues applicable to it (except delay of less than ten days in depositing of contribution to Employees’ Provident Fund for last 3 Fiscals). As at on March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, there were no outstanding amounts of such undisputed statutory dues for a period exceeding six months from the date they became due for payment. 

There can be no assurance that delays or default with respect to payment of statutory dues will not occur in the future or that our audit reports for any future financial years will not contain any qualifications, matters of emphasis or other observations on account of such delay/default which in turn may affect our reputation and financial results. 

# **_37. We may be subject to significant risks and hazards when operating and maintaining our units, for which our insurance coverage might not be adequate._** 

Our total insurance cover includes property, plant and equipment and inventory, as of March 31, 2023, March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 was ₹ 1,851.91 Million, ₹ 1,740.90 Million and ₹ 1,490.90 Million, respectively, which was 69.97%, 80.69% and 88.39%, respectively of our net block of property, plant and equipment, and inventory. As of March 31, 2023, we operate from four units situated in the state of Gujarat. We generally perform scheduled and unscheduled maintenance and operating and other asset management services. We also sub-contract certain maintenance services to third-parties who may not perform their services adequately. Manufacturing stainless steel products involves handling of certain risky material which, if not handled properly, can be dangerous. In addition to natural risks such as earthquake, flood, lightning, cyclones and wind, other hazards, such as fire, structural collapse and machinery failure are inherent risks in our operations. They can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment and may result in the suspension of operations. The occurrence of any one of these events may result in our being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages, including for cleanup costs, personal injury and property damage and fines and/ or penalties. 

We maintain an amount of insurance protection that we consider adequate including insurance policy covering fire, damage to buildings, plant and machinery, stocks (raw materials and finished goods), vehicles and policy covering damage to goods in domestic transit. We may not have identified every risk and further may not be insured against every risk because such risks are either uninsurable or not insurable on commercially acceptable terms, including operational risk that may occur and the occurrence of an event that causes losses in excess of the limits specified in our policies, or losses arising from events or risks not covered by insurance policies such as COVID-19 and other pandemics, or due to the same being inadequate, could materially harm our cash flows, financial condition and 

55 

future results of operations. However, we cannot provide any assurance that our insurance will be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which we may be subject. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage, or successful assertion of one or more large claims against us for events for which we are not insured, or which exceeds our insurance coverage, or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial performance and cash flows could be adversely affected. For further information on our insurance arrangements, see _“Our Business – Insurance”_ on page 208 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_38. Reliance has been placed on declarations furnished by one of our senior management, for details of his profile included in this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

Our Senior Management Personnel, Nanubhai Panchal has been unable to trace copies of certain documents pertaining to his educational qualifications. While he has taken the requisite steps to obtain the relevant supporting documentation, he has been unsuccessful in procuring the relevant supporting documentation. 

Accordingly, the BRLM and we have placed reliance on declarations, undertakings and affidavits furnished by our Senior Management Personnel to disclose details of his educational qualifications in this Red Herring Prospectus and we have not been able to independently verify these details in the absence of primary documentary evidence. Further, there can be no assurances that our Senior Management Personnel will be able to trace the relevant documents pertaining to his educational qualifications in the future, or at all. Therefore, we cannot assure you that all or any of the information relating to his educational qualifications included in _“Our Management”_ on page 223 are complete, true and accurate. 

# **_39. Inability to protect, strengthen and enhance our existing reputation could adversely affect our business prospects and financial performance._** 

Our business reputation is critical to the success of our business. While we have been making consistent efforts to strengthen our image, various factors, some of which are beyond our control, are critical for maintaining and enhancing our reputation and if not managed properly, may negatively affect our brand and reputation. These include our ability to effectively manage the quality of our products, increase brand awareness among existing and potential customers, adapt our advertising and promotion efforts to emerging industry standards. 

Our success in marketing our existing and new products depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing marketing and media environment, including our increasing reliance on direct promotional initiatives. There can be no assurance that our marketing efforts will be successful in maintaining our reputation and its perception with customers and/ or result in increased sales in the future. Also, we may not necessarily increase or maintain our sales promotion spending in proportion to our growth in the future, which may result in limited marketing initiatives. Our inability to adapt to evolving marketing trends at the same pace as our competitors may adversely affect our ability to effectively compete in terms of our image value. 

Our reputation could also be negatively impacted if we fail to maintain our established standards of service, or if our products fail to meet the expectation of our customers. Any allegations of deterioration in product quality even when false or unfounded, could tarnish our image and may cause our customers to choose other competing products. Any negative publicity regarding us, our reputation, our products or the stainless steel industry generally could adversely affect our business and our results of operations. Other risks associated with our industry include improper disclosure of proprietary information, negative comments about our brands or standard of service, exposure of personally identifiable information, fraud, hoaxes or malicious exposure of false information. The 

56 

inappropriate use of social media by our customers, employees, suppliers or other third parties could also harm our reputation thereby increasing our costs, lead to litigation or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, counterfeit products, product defects and ineffective promotional activities are all potential threats to the image and potency of our brand. Our failure to develop, maintain and enhance our brand may result in decreased revenue and loss of customers and in turn adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_40. Any unscheduled or prolonged disruption of our manufacturing operations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Any unscheduled or prolonged disruption of our manufacturing operations, including power failure, fire and unexpected mechanical failure of equipment, obsolescence, labour disputes, strikes, lockouts, earthquakes and other natural disasters, industrial accidents or any significant social, political or economic disturbances, outbreak of wars or infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could reduce our ability to manufacture our products and adversely affect our revenues from operations in such period. While there have not been any material disruptions in the last three Financial Years having impact on our business operations and financials, any such disruption may interrupt our operations, which may interfere with the manufacturing process, requiring us to either stop our operations or repeat activities that may involve additional time and costs. Our customers rely on the timely delivery of our products and our ability to provide an uninterrupted supply of our products is critical to our business. Although we take precautions to minimize the risk of any significant operational problems at our units, our customer relationships, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected by any disruption of operations at our units, including due to any of the factors mentioned above. 

Disruptions in our operations could delay production or require us to temporarily cease operations at our units. We may be subject to manufacturing disruptions due to contraventions by us of any of the conditions of our regulatory approvals, which may require our units to cease, or limit, production until the disputes concerning such approvals are resolved. As regulatory approvals are site specific, we may be unable to transfer production activities to another location immediately. Similarly, there is no assurance that those of our units unaffected by an interruption will have the capacity to increase their output to manufacture products for the affected units, to the extent that all outstanding orders will be fulfilled in a timely manner. In the event of prolonged interruptions in the operations of our units, we may have to make alternate arrangements for supplies and products in order to meet our production requirements, which could affect our profitability. 

# **_41. Our ability to grow our business depends on our relationships with our customers and any adverse changes in these relationships, or our inability to enter into new relationships and thereby expand our customer network, could negatively affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our business is dependent on the decisions and actions of our customers which is determined by our ability to maintain and strengthen our relationships and arrangements with existing customers. Our relationship with our customers is dependent to a large extent on our ability to regularly meet their requirements, including by introducing products with greater marketability, price competitiveness, efficient and timely product deliveries and consistent product quality. In the event we are unable to meet such requirements in the future, it may result in decrease in orders or cessation of business from affected customers. There are also a number of factors relating to our customers beyond our control that might result in the termination of our arrangement or the loss of a customer relationship, including change in preferences of our customers as well as a demand for price reductions. Further, the deterioration of the financial condition or business prospects of these customers could affect their ability to maintain inventory and thus reduce demand for our products and could result in a significant decline in the revenues we derive from such customers. Adverse changes in our relationships with our customers or the inability to develop new products for existing customers or to successfully establish 

57 

relationships with new customers, could therefore limit our business prospects, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 

We may also face disruptions in the delivery of our products for various reasons beyond our control, including poor freight forwarding of our products, transportation bottlenecks, natural disasters, infectious disease outbreaks such as the pandemics, acts of war and labour issues, which could lead to deliveries being delayed or lost, resulting in insufficient inventories with our customers. If we fail to deliver products to our customers in a timely manner our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

# **_42. Stringent environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or stringent enforcement of existing environmental, health and safety laws and regulations may result in increased liabilities and increased capital expenditures._** 

Our operations are subject to environmental, health and safety and other regulatory and statutory requirements in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We are subject to various national, state, municipal and local laws and regulations concerning environmental protection in India. Noncompliance with these laws and regulations could expose us to civil penalties, criminal sanctions and revocation of key business licenses. Environmental laws and regulations in India are becoming more stringent and the scope and extent of new environmental regulations, including their effect on our operations, cannot be predicted with any certainty. In case of any change in environmental or pollution regulations, we may be required to invest in, among other things, environmental monitoring, pollution control equipment and emissions management. 

As a consequence of unanticipated regulatory or other developments, future environmental and regulatory related expenditures may vary substantially from those currently anticipated. We cannot assure you that our costs of complying with current and future environmental laws and other regulations will not adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. In addition, we could incur substantial costs, our products could be restricted from entering certain markets and we could face other sanctions, if we were to violate or become liable under environmental laws or if our products become non-compliant with applicable regulations. Our potential exposure includes fines and civil or criminal sanctions, third-party property damage or personal injury claims and clean-up costs. The amount and timing of costs under environmental laws are difficult to predict. 

# **_43. Certain agreements may be inadequately stamped or may not have been registered or may not have necessary disclosure as a result of which our operations may be adversely affected._** 

A few of our agreements such as those relating to immovable properties, may not be stamped adequately or registered or may not have the necessary disclosures. The following agreements entered into by our Company in relation to its immovable properties are found to be inadequately stamped: 

- a. Leave and License Agreement dated May 8, 2022 entered between our Company and Prabhulal Badrilal Kabra for our Unit IV 

- b. Lease Agreement dated July 21, 2020 entered between our Company and the Lessor for our Corporate Office 

- c. Lease Extension Agreement dated December 9, 2022 entered between our Company and the Lessor for our Corporate Office 

- d. Supplementary Deed dated April 05, 2019 entered between our Company and the Lessor for our Unit II 

- e. Lease Deed dated December 24, 2022 entered between our Company and the Lessor for our Unit II 

- f. Leave and License Agreement dated June 08, 2021 entered between our Company and the Lessor for Bungalow no.2, Solace Park, Manjusar, Vodadara, Gujarat. 

58 

- g. Leave and License Agreement dated June 08, 2021 entered between our Company and the Lessor for Bungalow no.20, Vijay Society no.1, New Khanderao Road, Vodadara, Gujarat. 

- h. Leave and License Agreement dated June 08, 2021 entered between our Company and the Lessor for Bungalow no.21, Vijay Society no.1, New Khanderao Road, Vodadara, Gujarat. 

Our Company has on April 05, 2023, adjudication applications before the Office of Deputy Collector, Stamp Duty Valuation Org Vibhag -1, Vadodara under Section 39 of the Gujarat Stamp Act, 1958, for adjudication of the deficiency in stamp duty payable in respect eight instruments to which the Company is a party for an aggregate deficient stamp duty of approx. ₹ 0.90 million. As per Section 40 of the Gujarat Stamp Act, 1958, a penalty not exceeding ten times the amount of the proper duty or of the deficient portion thereon can be directed, in addition to the deficient stamp duty amount. The said adjudication applications are currently pending before the stamp duty authorities. 

The effect of inadequate stamping is that the document is not admissible as evidence in legal proceedings and parties to that agreement may not be able to legally enforce the same, except after paying a penalty for inadequate stamping. Our Company has submitted the aforesaid documents in for adjudication with the Registration and Stamp Department to pay the differential stamp duty with/ without penalty, as may be determined. The matter is still pending before the department. The effect of non-registration of documents required to be registered, is that such document will not have any effect on the property or be eligible to be received as evidence in legal proceedings. Any potential dispute due to non-compliance of local laws relating to stamp duty and registration may adversely impact the operations of our Company. 

**_44. Our manufacturing activities are dependent on the delivery of adequate and uninterrupted supply of electrical power at a reasonable cost. Any shortage or any prolonged interruption or increase in the cost of power could adversely affect our business, result of operations, financial conditions and cash flows._** 

Adequate and cost effective supply of electrical power is critical to our operations. We have our production units in Vadodara and Ahmedabad, Gujarat, which depend on the delivery of an adequate supply of electrical power. We rely upon diesel generator sets to ensure continuity of operations in case of power outage. There have been no major instances of power failure in the last three years. There can however be no assurance that electricity supplied to our existing units will be sufficient to meet our requirements or that we will be able to procure adequate and uninterrupted power supply in the future at a reasonable cost. If the per unit cost of electricity is increased by the state electricity board our power cost will increase. An interruption in or limited supply of electricity may result in suspension of our manufacturing operations. A prolonged suspension in production could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

**_45. We appoint contract labour for carrying out some of our operations and we may be held responsible for paying the wages of such workers, if the independent contractors through whom such workers are hired default on their obligations, and such obligations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

We engage independent contractors through whom we engage contract labourers for performance of certain functions at our units. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, we are responsible for any wage and statutory payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and our financial conditions. In addition, we may be liable for or exposed to litigations, sanctions, penalties or losses arising from accidents or damages caused by our workers or contractors. 

59 

**_46. We may be subject to unionization, work stoppages or increased labour costs, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our industry is labour intensive. The success of our operations depends on availability of labour and maintaining a good relationship with our workforce. As of June 30, 2023, we employed about 151 employees across our production units and corporate office. We do not have any trade union registered under the Trade Unions Act, 1926. In the past three years, we have not experienced any labour dispute. We do not have any formal policy for redressal of labour disputes. Although we have not experienced any major interruption to our operations as a result of labour disputes in the recent past, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any such disruption in the future as a result of disputes or disagreements with our work force, which may adversely affect our ability to continue our business operations. We may also have to incur additional expense to train and retain skilled labour. We are also subject to a number of stringent labour laws that protect the interests of workers, including legislation that imposes financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. There can be no assurance that we will not experience labour unrest in the future, which may delay or disrupt our operations. Any labour unrest including labour disputes, strikes and lockouts, industrial accidents, experienced by us could directly or indirectly prevent or hinder our normal operating activities and, if not resolved in a timely manner, could lead to disruptions in our operations. In the event of any prolonged delay or disruption of our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

**_47. Fluctuations in the average selling prices of stainless steel could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

The average selling prices of our products may be subject to fluctuations depending on the market conditions. The average selling prices of our products are affected by the general market conditions, such as pricing by competition and raw material costs, which could have an impact on the businesses of our customers and, in turn, their demand for our products. While, we have not experienced any material fluctuation in our average selling prices, we cannot assure you that we will not experience declining average selling prices for our products or that our average selling prices can remain at the same level in the future. A decline in the average selling prices for our products could adversely affect our business and financial condition, operating results and cash flows. 

**_48. We are dependent on our Promoter, Directors and a number of key managerial personnel and the loss of, or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We are dependent on our Promoter, Directors and key managerial personnel for setting our strategic business direction and managing our business. Our Promoter, being Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer of our Company and several of our key managerial personnel have extensive experience in the stainless steel sector. Our ability to meet continued success and future business challenges depends on our ability to attract, recruit and retain experienced, talented and skilled professionals. Without a sufficient number of skilled employees, our operations and manufacturing quality could suffer. Two (2) of our Key Managerial Personnel resigned during the financial year 2022-23 and in respect of our Directors, one (1) director has resigned during the financial year 202223. The reason for such attrition rate for our Key Managerial Personnel and Directors was for better prospects. The attrition rate in respect of our employees was 19.35%, 21.52% and  14.04% and in respect of labour was Nil, Nil and Nil for the Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We may experience similar attrition rates in the future. A significant increase in the attrition rate among skilled employees could decrease our operating efficiency and productivity and could lead to a decline in the profitability of our Company. Competition for qualified technical personnel and operators is intense, both in retaining our existing employees and when replacing or finding additional suitable employees. If we cannot hire additional qualified personnel or retain them, our ability to expand our business will be impacted. 

60 

We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting and retaining suitable employees. The loss of the services of our key personnel or our inability to recruit or train a sufficient number of experienced personnel or our inability to manage the attrition levels in different employee categories may have an adverse effect on our financial results and business prospects. 

**_49. Any downgrading of our credit rating by a domestic or international credit rating agency may increase interest rates for our future borrowings, which would increase our cost of borrowings, and adversely affect our ability to borrow on a competitive basis._** 

Infometrics Valuation and Rating Private Limited has on June 13, 2023 assigned IVR BBB/Positive Outlook rating for the long-term bank facilities and IVRA3 rating for the short-term bank facilities of our Company. 

We have been assigned the following credit ratings in the last three fiscals: 

|**Particulars**|**_13-Jun_**|**_e-23_**||**_02-Aug_**|**_ust-22_**|**_21-Jan_**|**_uary-21_**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Long**<br>**Term**<br>**Instruments**|**_Short Term_**<br>**_Instruments_**|**Long**<br>**Instru**|**Term**<br>**ments**|**_Short Term_**<br>**_Instruments_**|**_Long Term_**<br>**_Instruments_**|**_Short Term_**<br>**_Instruments_**|
|**Rating**|IVR<br>BBB/Positive<br>Outlook|IVRA3|BWR<br>BBB/S|table|BWRA3|BWR<br>BBB/Stable|BWRA3|
|**Rating**<br>**Agency**|Infometrics V<br>RatingPriva|aluation and<br>teLimited||Brickw|orks Ratings|India Private L|imited|



Our credit rating may be downgraded in the future due to various factors, including factors which may be beyond our control. Any future downgrade of our credit ratings may increase interest rates for refinancing our borrowings, which would increase our cost of borrowings, and may have an adverse effect on our future issuances of debt and our ability to borrow on a competitive basis. Further, any downgrade in our credit ratings may also trigger an event of default or acceleration of repayment of certain of our borrowings. If any of these risks materialise, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_50. An inability to renew quality accreditations in a timely manner or at all, or any deficiencies in the quality of our products may give rise to product liability claims and negatively affect our business prospects and financial performance._** 

We obtain and maintain quality certifications and accreditations from independent certification entities and also comply with prescribed specifications and standards of quality approved by certification issuing agencies. If we fail to comply with applicable quality standards or if we are otherwise unable to obtain such quality accreditations in the future in a timely manner or at all, our business prospects and financial performance may be negatively affected. 

Further, if our products are alleged or found to be defective, we may be subject to product liability claims. While there have been no instances during the last three financial years (Fiscal 2021 to Fiscal 2023) where we have faced issues in product liability claims. There could be instances in which our products do not meet the specifications. We have, at some times, encountered certain claims with respect to the quality of our products and we may be subject to product liability claims and litigation for compensation in the future also which could result in substantial and unexpected expenditure and could materially affect our cash flow and operating results. Further, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully defend such claims. If any such claims against us are ultimately successful, we could be required to pay substantial damages, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

61 

**_51. The continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations is uncertain and it may be significant and continue to have an adverse effect on our business, operations and our future financial performance._** 

The World Health Organization declared the novel coronavirus disease (“ **COVID-19** ”) outbreak a Public Health Emergency of International Concern on January 30, 2020, and a pandemic on March 11, 2020. The rapid and diffused spread of COVID-19 and global health concerns relating to this pandemic have had a severe negative impact on, among other things, financial markets, liquidity, economic conditions and trade and could continue to do so or could worsen for an unknown period of time, that could in turn continue to have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition, including liquidity and growth. 

Additionally, we cannot predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our customers, suppliers and other business partners, and each of their financial conditions; however, any material effect on any of these parties could in turn have an adverse impact on us. As a result of these uncertainties, the impact may vary significantly from that estimated by our management from time to time, and any action to contain or mitigate such impact, whether government- mandated or opted by us, may not have the anticipated effect or may fail to achieve its intended purpose altogether. Our existing insurance coverage may not provide protection or coverage for any costs that may arise from all such possible events. 

The COVID-19 pandemic may cause us to continue to experience the foregoing challenges in our business in the future and could have other effects on our business, including disrupting our ability to develop new offerings enhance existing offerings, market, and sell our products and conduct business activities generally. 

The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic may impact our business and results of operations will also depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the disease, the duration and spread of the outbreak, the scope of travel restrictions imposed in geographic areas in which we operate, mandatory or voluntary business closures, the impact on businesses and financial and capital markets and the extent and effectiveness of the development and distribution of vaccines and other actions taken throughout the world to contain the virus or treat its impact. An extended period of global supply chain and economic disruption as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic could have a material negative impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

# **_52. Restrictions on import of raw materials may impact our business and results of operations._** 

In Fiscals 2023, 2022 and 2021, the cost of raw materials and components consumed amounts to ₹ 4,189.58 Million, ₹3,735.22 Million, and ₹ 3,224.55 Million representing 87.32%, 87.49% and 89.65% respectively, of our revenue from operations. We currently import some portion of our raw materials. Raw material imports are regulated by certain specific laws and regulations that permit concerned authorities to stop any import if it is deemed that the goods proposed to be imported may be hazardous. While the raw materials we import may not be hazardous in nature, we cannot assure you that such regulations will not be made applicable to us or that such regulations will not evolve into more stringent regulations, which would place onerous requirements on us and consequently restrict our ability to import raw materials. While we have not in the recent past experienced any challenges in importing such materials, we cannot assure you that we will not experience any such challenges in the future. In light of the COVID-19 pandemic and the current war scenario in Eastern Europe, the import of raw materials could be affected in the future. In the event we are unable to import these materials, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in identifying alternate suppliers for raw materials or we will be able to source the raw materials at favourable terms in a timely manner or at all. Any change in law or applicable governmental policies relating to imports, change in international geo-political situations, restriction on import of raw materials could have an adverse effect on our ability to deliver products to our distributors, business and results of operations. 

62 

**_53. We have in this Red Herring Prospectus included certain Non-GAAP Measures and certain other industry measures related to our operations and financial performance. These Non-GAAP Measures and industry measures may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the stainless steel industry, and therefore may not be comparable with financial or industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other companies._** 

Certain Non-GAAP Measures and certain other industry measures relating to our operations and financial performance have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. We compute and disclose such Non-GAAP Measures and such other industry related statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance, and because such measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and others to evaluate the operational performance of Indian stainless steel companies, many of which provide such Non-GAAP Measures and other industry related statistical and operational information. Such supplemental financial and operational information is therefore of limited utility as an analytical tool and investors are cautioned against considering such information either in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our audited financial statements as reported under applicable accounting standards disclosed elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

These Non-GAAP Measures and such other industry related statistical and other information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by generally accepted accounting principles, and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures and industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other manufacturing companies. 

**_54. We are subject to various government regulations and if we fail to obtain, maintain or renew our statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals required to operate our business, our business, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. In addition, we have certain obligations under policies imposed and schemes launched by the government that may not be directly beneficial or profitable to our business._** 

Our operations are subject to extensive government regulation and we are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules in India and in respective regions that we have operations, generally for carrying out our business, producing and marketing our Products, for our production units, and corporate office. For details of applicable regulations and approvals relating to our business and operations, see _“Government and Other Approvals”_ on page 350. 

Failure by us to renew, maintain or obtain the required permits or approvals at the requisite time may result in the interruption of our operations and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. While we have obtained key approvals required for our business, we have also applied for, and are awaiting grant/renewal of certain key approvals. Failure to obtain or validly maintain such approvals could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. For further details, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 350. The approvals required by our Company are subject to numerous conditions and there can be no assurance that these would not be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business. 

63 

If we fail to comply with applicable statutory or regulatory requirements or fail to complete production of our Products in compliance with applicable standards, there could be a delay in the submission or grant of approval for sale of new products. In many of the international markets where our Products are ultimately sold, the approval process for a new product can be complex, lengthy and expensive. The time taken to obtain regulatory approvals varies by country but generally takes between several weeks and several years from the date of application. If we fail to obtain such approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions, in a timely manner or at all, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, we are required to meet certain requirements and obligations under policies imposed by and schemes launched by the government which may involve substantial amount of cost allocation and may not be in line with the best interest of our business in terms of our endeavour to decrease expenditure and increase profitability. 

**_55. Changes in technology may affect our business by making our units or equipment less competitive._** 

Our profitability and competitiveness are to a certain extent dependent on our ability to respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis. Changes in technology may make newer generation manufacturing equipment more competitive than ours or may require us to make additional capital expenditures to upgrade our units. Our inability to continue to invest in new and more advanced technologies and equipment, may result in our inability to respond to emerging industry standards and practices in a cost-effective and timely manner that is competitive with other stainless steel products manufacturing companies and other methods of manufacturing. The development and implementation of such technology entails technical and business risks. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully implement new technologies or adapt our processing systems to emerging industry standards. If we are unable to adapt in a timely manner to changing market conditions or technological changes, our business and financial performance could be adversely affected. 

**_56. Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale portion, and the Promoter Selling Shareholder shall be entitled to the Offer Proceeds to the extent of the Equity Shares offered by him in the Offer for Sale. Our Promoter is therefore interested in the Offer in connection with the Equity Shares offered by them in the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer includes an offer for sale of such number of Equity Shares aggregating up to 3,040,000 by the Promoter Selling Shareholder, which is the Promoter of our Company. The Promoter is therefore interested in the Offer Proceeds to the extent of the Equity Shares offered by him in the Offer for Sale. The entire proceeds (net of offer expenses) from the Offer for Sale will be paid to the Promoter Selling Shareholder pursuant to the Offer for Sale, and our Company will not receive any such proceeds. Further, except for listing fees of the Offer, which will be borne by our Company, all cost, fees and expenses (including all applicable taxes) in respect of the Offer will be shared amongst our Company and the Promoter Selling Shareholder on a pro-rata basis, in proportion to the Equity Shares issued and allotted by our Company in the Fresh Issue and the Offered Shares sold by the Promoter Selling Shareholder in the Offer for Sale, upon successful completion of the Offer. See _“Capital Structure”_ and _“Objects of the Offer”_ on pages 96 and 118, respectively of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_57. We have issued Equity Shares at prices that may be lower than the Offer Price in the last 12 months._** 

We have issued and allotted 30,361,660 equity shares, at prices which may be lower than the Offer Price. For further details, please see _“Capital Structure – Notes to the Capital Structure – Equity Share capital history of our_ Company _”_ on page _97_ of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_58. Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report commissioned and paid by us exclusively in connection with the Offer issued by Dun &_** 

64 

# **_Bradstreet for such purpose. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate._** 

We have availed the services of an independent third-party research agency, Dun & Bradstreet, to prepare an industry report titled “Report on Stainless Steel Sheets, Washers, Sheet Metal Components and Pipes & Tubes” dated August 2023, for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Red Herring Prospectus. This report has been exclusively commissioned and paid by us and issued by D&B for purpose of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Offer. Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus include information based on, or derived from, the D&B Report or extracts of the D&B Report. All such information in this Red Herring Prospectus indicates the D&B Report as its source. Industry sources and publications generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources generally believed to be reliable, but that their accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed and their reliability cannot be assured. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which we conduct our business, and methodologies and assumptions vary widely amongst different industry sources. Furthermore, such assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure that the D&B Report assumptions are correct or will not change and, accordingly, our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. Furthermore, the commissioned report is not a recommendation to invest or disinvest in our Company and shall not be construed as an expert advice or investment advice. Prospective investors are advised not to unduly rely on the D&B Report or extracts thereof as included in this Red Herring Prospectus, when making their investment decisions. 

**_59. If we are subject to any frauds, theft, or embezzlement by our employees, suppliers or customers, it could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our operations may be subject to incidents of theft. We may also encounter some inventory loss on account of employee/ supplier/ customer fraud, theft, or embezzlement. Although we have set up various security measures in our office premises and units such as deployment of security guards and operational processes such as periodic stock taking, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any fraud, theft, employee negligence, loss in transit or similar incidents in the future, which could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

**_60. Certain statutory filings made by our Company may contain discrepancies/errors with respect to any of the information required therein. We cannot assure you that our Company shall not be subjected to any liability on account of such discrepancies._** 

We monitor compliances with applicable laws and regulations by implementing stringent internal checks and controls. Although we have generally been in compliance with applicable laws, there have been certain instances of delayed statutory filings/ discrepancies/ errors. Although, no regulatory action has been taken against us with respect to the aforesaid non-compliances/ errors, there can be no assurance that a regulatory action shall not be taken by the relevant authorities against us in the future. In an event such an action is taken, we may be subject to penalties and other consequences that may adversely impact our business, reputation, and results of operation and there can be no assurance that we shall be able to successfully defend any action/ allegation raised by such regulatory authorities. Our compliance team meticulously follows a detailed compliance calendar providing for compliances under various applicable laws, including but not limited to, Companies Act. As we continue to grow, there can be no assurance that deficiencies in our internal controls shall not arise, or that we shall be able to implement, and continue to maintain, adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls, in a timely manner or at all. There may be recurrences of similar discrepancies/errors in the future that could subject our Company to penal consequences under 

65 

applicable laws. Any such action could adversely impact our business, reputation, and results of operation. 

# **_61. We face foreign exchange risks that could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows._** 

We have foreign currency receivables and payables for sale of our products and supply of certain raw materials and equipment and are therefore, exposed to foreign exchange risk between the Indian Rupee and U.S. Dollars and other foreign currencies. However, we have adopted foreign exchange risk mitigation measures like forward exchange contract, there can be no assurance that we will be able to avoid the effect of any adverse fluctuations in the value of the Indian Rupee against other relevant foreign currencies. We have in the past experienced net foreign currency exchange (losses)/gain to the extent of ₹ (2.86)million, ₹ 4.86 million and ₹ 30.89 million respectively, which represents (0.05)%, 0.11% and 0.86%, of our revenues from operations for the Fiscals  2023, 2022 and 2021respectively. There can be no assurance that we shall not be subject to foreign currency exchange losses in the future. Further, volatility in exchange rates would result in an increase in the cost of our products. We may not be able to pass on such increase in costs to our customers. Any significant fluctuation in the value of the Indian Rupee against such currencies may adversely affect our results of operations. Any appreciation of foreign currencies against the Indian Rupee may result in reduction of our margins and consequently have an adverse effect on business and result of operations. 

**_62. Activities involving our manufacturing process can be dangerous and can cause injury to people or property in certain circumstances. A significant disruption at any of our manufacturing facilities may adversely affect our production schedules, costs, sales and ability to meet customer demand._** 

Our business involves complex manufacturing processes that can be dangerous to our employees. Although we employ safety procedures, including providing safety equipment on the shop floor, in the operation of our facilities and maintain, to be adequate insurance, there is a risk that an accident or death may occur in any of our facilities. An accident may result in destruction of property or equipment, environmental damage, manufacturing or delivery delays, or may lead to suspension of our operations and/or imposition of liabilities. Any such accident may result in litigation, the outcome of which is difficult to assess or quantify, and the cost to defend litigation can be significant. As a result, the costs to defend any action or the potential liability resulting from any such accident or death or arising out of any other litigation, and any negative publicity associated therewith, may have a negative effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. While we maintain legally mandated insurance policies such as accident and medical insurance policies for our employees and a public liability insurance, we cannot assure you that the coverage under such policies will be sufficient to cover loss sustained or that an affected employee or third party will not additionally seek legal recourse against us. 

In particular, if operations at our manufacturing facilities were to be disrupted as a result of any significant workplace accident, equipment failure, natural disaster, power outage, fire, explosion, terrorism, adverse weather conditions, labour dispute, obsolescence or other reasons, our financial performance may be adversely affected as a result of our inability to meet customer demand or committed delivery schedules for our products. While there has not been any such incidence in past, we cannot assure you that such incidents will not occur in future. 

Interruptions in production may also increase our costs and reduce our sales and may require us to make substantial capital expenditures to remedy the situation or to defend litigation that we may become involved in as a result, which may negatively affect our profitability, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

**_63. Unsecured loans of ₹ 102.32 million taken by our Company from related party can be recalled at any time._** 

66 

As on March 31, 2023, we have two outstanding unsecured loan aggregating to ₹102.32 million taken by our Company from our Promoter and Promoter Group member for business purpose. Although, as on date, neither the loan arrangement has been terminated nor the outstanding amounts have been called to be repaid by the said related party. However, there can be no assurance that such party shall not recall the outstanding amount (in part, or in full) at any time. We intend to repay the said loan in due course, however, any failure to service such indebtedness, or discharging any obligations thereunder could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further details refer to the section entitled _“Financial Indebtedness”_ beginning on page 337. 

**_64. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges in a timely manner or at all._** 

In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing and trading of our Equity Shares will not be granted until after certain actions have been completed in relation to this Offer and until Allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to this Offer. 

In accordance with current regulations and circulars issued of SEBI, our Equity Shares are required to be listed on the stock exchanges within such time as mandated under UPI Circulars, subject to any change in the prescribed timeline in this regard. However, we cannot assure you that the trading in our Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining final listing and trading approvals may restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. 

**_65. Our Promoter, also being the Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer of our Company, holds Equity Shares in our Company and is therefore interested in the Company’s performance in addition to his remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Our Promoter, also being the Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer of our Company, is interested in our Company, in addition to his remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, to the extent of his shareholding in our Company. Our Promoter shall abide by the provisions of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and protect the interests of the Company. However, in case of any conflict of interest our Promoter shall keep the interests of our Company first over his personal interest, we cannot assure you that he will exercise his rights as shareholder to the benefit and best interest of our Company. Our Promoter may take actions with respect to our business which may conflict with the best interests of our Company or that of minority shareholders. For further information on the interest of our Promoter of our Company, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or remuneration or benefits, please see the chapters titles _“Our Management”_ and _“Our Promoter and Promoter Group”_ beginning on pages 223 and 243, respectively, of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_66. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

We have not declared dividend in the past. For further information, see _“Dividend Policy”_ on page 248 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act. We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board in accordance with the 

67 

dividend distribution policy as may be adopted by our Board from time to time and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our Company’s profitability, capital requirements, financial commitments and requirements, including business and expansions plans, applicable legal restrictions and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. Accordingly, realization of a gain on Shareholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. 

# **<u>EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS</u>** 

# **_RISKS RELATING TO INDIA_** 

# **_67. A slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer._** 

Our performance and the growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy or future volatility in global commodity prices could adversely affect our business. Additionally, an increase in trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. Global situations such as outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, full scale military invasion of Ukraine by Russia have caused a global economic downturn including in India. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could also adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

India’s economy could be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates or inflation, civil unrest, adverse weather conditions affecting agriculture, commodity and energy prices as well as various other factors. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect the policy of the GoI towards our industry, which may in turn adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to implement our business strategy. 

The Indian economy is also influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market conditions in Asia. A decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves and exchange rate fluctuations may also affect liquidity and interest rates in the Indian economy, which could adversely impact our financial condition. A loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies or any worldwide financial instability may adversely affect the Indian economy, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Further, other factors which may adversely affect the Indian economy are scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing of our expansions; volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies, like application of GST; political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; occurrence of natural or man-made disasters; infectious disease outbreaks or other serious public health concerns; prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; and other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India or its financial services sectors. 

# **_68. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia, Europe and elsewhere in the world in recent years has adversely affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector 

68 

and us. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. For example, the full scale military invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the subsequent sanctions placed on Russia by various countries has substantially affected the economic stability of the world and such volatility could impact our Company’s growth. In addition, the market price of oil has risen sharply since the commencement of hostilities in Ukraine, which may have an inflationary effect in India and other countries. A prolonged war or a protracted period of hostilities in the Ukraine may lead to global economic disturbances. 

In addition, the USA is one of India’s major trading partners and any possible slowdown in the American economy could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation, and cash flows. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_69. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or outbreak of global pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic and manmade disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war in India or globally, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine following Russia’s fullscale military invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, volatility in interest rates, volatility in commodity and energy prices, an increase in oil prices, a loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies and other political and economic development may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

**_70. Significant differences exist between Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) and other accounting principles, such as Indian Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (Indian GAAP), United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (U.S. GAAP) and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

69 

Our Restated Financial Statements as at and for the financial year ended March 31, 2023 have been derived from our audited financial statements as at and for the financial year ended March 31, 2023 prepared in accordance with Ind AS. Our Restated Financial Statements as at and for the financial year ended March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 have been derived from our audited financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 prepared in accordance with Accounting Standards and restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the ICAI Guidance Note. 

Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from Indian GAAP, IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our Restated Financial Statements were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP, IFRS or any other system of accounting principles on the financial data included in this Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP, IFRS or any other accounting principles. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our Restated Financial Statements and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

# **_71. If there is any change in laws or regulations, including taxation laws, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements._** 

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. Any future amendments may affect our benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax-free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment, service tax, past claims of central excise, state VAT, and GST that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate of interest with effect from July 1, 2017. For further information on litigations arising out of such claims, see _“Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments”_ beginning on page 341 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Further, the Government of India has notified the Finance Act, 2023, which has introduced various amendments (“ **Finance Act** ”), wherein a few sections have become effective from April 01, 2023 and the remaining shall come into force as and when may be notified by the Central Government. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2023 may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

70 

Furthermore, the GoI has recently introduced (a) the Code on Wages, 2019; (b) the Code on Social Security, 2020; (c) the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020; and (d) the Industrial Relations Code, 2020 which consolidate, subsume and replace numerous existing central labour legislations. The rules for implementation under these codes have been notified, and we are determining the impact of these laws on our business and operations which may restrict our ability to grow our business in the future and increase our expenses. In another example, the GoI has made it mandatory for business establishments with turnover above a certain size to offer digital modes of payment from November 2019, with no charges being levied on the customers or the merchants by banks and payment service providers. Such measures could adversely impact our income streams in the future and adversely affect its financial performance. 

We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

# **_72. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between nonresidents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Further, unless specifically restricted, foreign investment is freely permitted in all sectors of the Indian economy up to any extent and without any prior approvals, but the foreign investor is required to follow certain prescribed procedures for making such investment. The RBI and the concerned ministries/ departments are responsible for granting approval for foreign investment. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. 

In addition, pursuant to the Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, which has been incorporated as the proviso to Rule 6(a) of the FEMA Rules, investments where the beneficial owner of the Equity Shares is situated in or is a citizen of a country which shares land border with India, can only be made through the Government approval route, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy dated October 15, 2020 and the FEMA Rules. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained with or without any particular terms or conditions or at all. 

We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, see _“Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities”_ on page 405 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_73. A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. Going forward, the sovereign ratings outlook will remain dependent on whether the government is able to transition the economy into a high-growth environment, as well as exercise adequate fiscal restraint. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an 

71 

adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_74. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us, our Directors, the Book Running Lead Manager or any of their directors and executive officers in India respectively, except by way of a law suit in India._** 

We are incorporated under the laws of India and all our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel reside in India. All our assets are also located in India. Where investors wish to enforce foreign judgments in India, they may face difficulties in enforcing such judgments. India exercises reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions. In order to be enforceable, a judgment obtained in a jurisdiction which India recognises as a reciprocating territory must meet certain requirements of the Civil Procedure Code, 1908 (the “ **CPC** ”). 

India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13, 14 and Section 44A of the CPC on a statutory basis. Section 44A of the CPC provides that where a certified copy of a decree of any superior court, within the meaning of that Section, obtained in any country or territory outside India which the government has by notification declared to be in a reciprocating territory, may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgment had been rendered by a district court in India. However, Section 44A of the CPC is applicable only to monetary decrees and does not apply to decrees for amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalties and does not apply to arbitration awards (even if such awards are enforceable as a decree or judgment). 

A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit upon the judgment under Section 13 of the CPC, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the CPC provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated upon except: 

(i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction; (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case; (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable; (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice; (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud; and/ or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. The suit must be brought in India within three years from the date of judgment in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a civil liability in India. 

It cannot be assured that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it views the amount of damages awarded as excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. A party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval from the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of such foreign judgment. 

**_75. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our products at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our clients thereby reducing our margins._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of transportation, wages, raw materials and other expenses relevant to our business. 

72 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or entirely offset any increases in costs with increases in prices for our products. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, the Government has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

**_76. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time taken for such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares outside India may reduce the proceeds received by Shareholders, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares. Another example would be that the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

# **<u>RISKS RELATING TO THE OFFER AND THE EQUITY SHARES</u>** 

**_77. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction where the investors are located in do does not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emption rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in us would be reduced. 

**_78. Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and wide-spread as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

73 

# **_79. Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by the Promoter may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth, whether organic or inorganic, through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us (including under an employee benefit scheme) or disposal of our Equity Shares by the Promoter or any of our other principal shareholders or any other change in our shareholding structure to comply with minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India or any public perception regarding such issuance or sales may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that our existing shareholders including our Promoter will not dispose of further Equity Shares after the completion of the Offer (subject to provisions of the applicable laws) or pledge or encumber their Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of shareholder’s investment in the Equity Shares and adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Such securities may also be issued at prices below the Offer Price. We may also issue convertible debt securities to finance our future growth or fund our business activities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. 

# **_80. Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately five Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

# **_81. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under the current Indian tax laws and regulations, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“STT”) is levied both at the time of transfer and acquisition of the equity shares (unless exempted under a prescribed notification) and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realised on the sale of equity shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold using any other platform other than on a recognised stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, are subject to long term capital gains tax in India. Such long-term capital gains exceeding ₹ 100,000 arising from the sale of listed equity shares on the stock exchange are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess). Unrealized capital gains earned on listed equity shares up to January 31, 2018 continue to be tax exempt in such cases. Further, STT will be levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange if the equity shares are sold on a stock exchange. With respect to capital gains arising in an off-market sale, long term capital gains are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) without the exemption of ₹ 100,000. Short-term capital gains, arising 

74 

from the sale of such equity shares on a stock exchange would be subject to tax at the rate of 15% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), while short term capital gains arising in an off-market sale would be subject to tax at a higher rate of 40% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of foreign companies and 30% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of other non-resident taxpayers. 

The Finance Act, 2019 amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020 and clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a nondelivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our Company’s business and operations. 

Further, any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. In cases where the seller is a non-resident, capital gains arising from the sale of the equity shares will be partially or wholly exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Additionally, the Finance Act, 2020 does not require dividend distribution tax to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. Historically, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the equity shares. 

Our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_82. The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/ or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

**_83. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and may experience price and volume fluctuations following the completion of the Offer, an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price or at all._** 

75 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for our Equity Shares will develop or, if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book building process may not necessarily be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Offer is completed. You may not be able to re-sell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer price and may as a result lose all or part of your investment. 

Our Equity Shares are expected to trade on NSE and BSE after the Offer, but there can be no assurance that active trading in our Equity Shares will develop after the Offer, or if such trading develops that it will continue. Investors may not be able to sell our Equity Shares at the quoted price if there is no active trading in our Equity Shares. 

There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and the trading price of our Equity Shares after this Offer could fluctuate significantly as a result of market volatility or due to various internal or external risks, including but not limited to those described in this Red Herring Prospectus. The market price of our Equity Shares may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

- the failure of security analysts to cover the Equity Shares after this Offer, or changes in the estimates of our performance by analysts; 

- the activities of competitors and suppliers; 

- future sales of the Equity Shares by us or our shareholders; 

- investor perception of us and the industry in which we operate; 

- our quarterly or annual earnings or those of our competitors; 

- developments affecting fiscal, industrial or environmental regulations; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases and adverse media reports; and 

- general economic conditions. 

A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

**_84. Future sales of Equity Shares by our Promoter may adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares._** 

After the completion of the Issue, our Promoter will own, directly, more than [●]% of our outstanding Equity Shares. Upon expiry of the lock-in period provided under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our Promoter will be eligible to sell part or all of the Equity Shares held by it. Future sales of a large number of the Equity Shares by our Promoter, either in one sale or over a series of sales, could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. Similarly, the perception that any such primary or secondary sale may occur could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. No assurance may be given that our Promoter will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future, or that the market price of the Equity Shares will not be adversely affected by any such disposal, pledge or encumbrance of their Equity Shares. 

**_85. Qualified Institutional Buyers and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid amount) at any stage after submitting a bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after bid/offer closing date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to block the Bid amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of equity shares or the Bid amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Similarly, 

76 

Retail Individual Investors can revise or withdraw their Bids at any time during the bid/ offer period and until the Bid/ offer closing date, but not thereafter. While we are required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the Investors’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Investors’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. Therefore, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors will not be able to withdraw or lower their bids following adverse developments in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or otherwise between the dates of submission of their Bids and Allotment. 

77 

