# **SECTION II - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in the Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment decision in the Equity Shares. If any of the following risks or any of the other risks and uncertainties actually occur, our business, prospects, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations could suffer, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. These risks and uncertainties are not the only issues that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. To obtain a more detailed understanding of our business and operations, please read this section in conjunction with the sections titled “Our Business” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 111 and 224, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_The financial and other related implications of risks concerned, wherever quantifiable, have been disclosed in the risk factors below. However, there are risk factors the potential effects of which are not quantifiable and therefore no quantification has been provided with respect to such risk factors. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of this Offer, including the merits and risks involved._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. See section titled “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 14._ 

# **INTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **1.** **_We have defaulted in payment of certain loans in the past,_ and had approached CDR Cell for restructuring debt in FY 2013** 

We have, in the past, defaulted in payment of certain loan facilities and restructured term debt amounted to ₹ 4,870.20 million and availed from Corporation Bank, Oriental Bank of Commerce, Union Bank of India, Bank of Baroda, Bank of India and Indian Overseas Bank. Our Company approached the lenders to restructure the debts and the CDR forum approved the restructuring of debt on January 9, 2013. In terms of the Restructuring Agreements, the Facilities are secured by encumbrance on the entire fixed and current assets of our Company, pledge on the shareholding of our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group including requirement of creation of pledge on any new securities issued to Promoters and members of our Promoter Group, personal guarantees issued by our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group, and corporate guarantees issued by members of our Promoter Group, namely, Rolex Properties Private Limited and Madeka Properties Private Limited. Apart from the above, the Restructuring Agreements confers certain rights on CDR Group Lenders (namely Corporation Bank, Oriental Bank of Commerce, Union Bank of India, Bank of Baroda, Bank of India, Indian Overseas Bank and IDBI Bank), including, right to appoint nominee directors to our Board, acquiring security over any immoveable properties acquired by the Company and right of recompense. We will need to engage with CDR Group Lenders to ascertain our liability and quantum of liability if any under right of recompense clause of the CDR scheme. Further, as a part of the CDR Package, our Promoters and certain members of the Promoter Group were required to bring in additional capital. Our Promoters and certain members of our Promoter Group had subscribed to NCRPS to satisfy the requirement. 

Any requirements imposed by the CDR Group Lenders on us during the subsistence of the CDR Package may adversely impact the flexibility available to the management in running the business including through limitations on seeking additional financing, increase our cost of financing, or may lead to additional liabilities on our Company. As on March 31, 2021, the percentage of the restructured term debt still due is 6.89% and amounted to ₹ 335.74 million.This outstanding amount has to be repaid in quarterly instalments. In the event of a default of the payment obligations under the Restructuring Agreements, the CDR Group Lenders have _inter-alia_ the (i) right to enter upon and take possession of our assets, transfer the assets of our Company by way of lease or leave and license, (ii) right to convert the whole of the outstanding amount of the borrowings or 20% of rupee equivalent of the defaulted amount into fully paid up Equity Shares of our Company, (iii) right to review the management set-up of our Company and require our Company to restructure as considered suitable by the CDR Group Lenders, 

22 

(iv) right to modify or terminate any existing selling/ purchasing arrangements, and (v) remove the whole time directors of our Company and appoint nominee directors who can exercise such powers and duties as approved by the CDR Group Lenders. For further details, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters - Defaults or rescheduling/restructuring of borrowings_ ” on page 133 of this Red Herring Prospectus for details regarding CDR related agreements. 

Further, in the past, our Company has delayed in repayment of loans to financial institutions and banks with respect to our borrowings for certain periods including up to Fiscal 2019 and as a consequence of the same we may be restricted in taking some actions including buy-back of securities. 

**2.** **_We are heavily dependent on the performance of the automotive sector in India, Europe, North America, Latin America and some part of Asia. Any adverse changes in the conditions affecting these markets can adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

For Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020, and Fiscal 2019, our sales which constituted auto-components was ₹ 2,373.65 million, ₹ 2,660.78 million, and ₹ 2,944.13 million which as a percentage of our sales of goods was 41.77%, 43.20%, and 35.52% respectively. Our business from automotive industry is directly related to vehicle sales and production levels across various segments. Automotive sales and production are highly cyclical and depend on general economic conditions and other factors, including consumer spending and preferences, as well as changes in interest rate levels, consumer confidence and fuel costs. Our sales are also affected by inventory levels and production levels of automotive manufacturers. We cannot predict when manufacturers will decide to increase or reduce inventory levels or whether new inventory levels will be in line with historical inventory levels. This may result in variability in our sales and financial condition. Uncertainty regarding inventory levels may be exacerbated by favourable consumer financing programs initiated by manufacturers, which may accelerate sales that would otherwise occur in future periods. The sales, volumes and prices for vehicles are influenced by the cyclicality and seasonality of demand for these products. The automotive industry has been cyclical in the past and we expect this cyclicality to continue. For instance, in the recent past, the Indian automotive industry had been adversely impacted by factors such as slow-down in the overall economy, higher insurance costs, the scheduled adoption of BS-VI norms and COVID-19. Any sustained weakness in automobile sales will adversely impact demand for components manufactured and supplied by our Company and will materially impact our business outlook, result of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Any significant reduction in vehicle sales and production by our customers may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

**3.** **_Our loan agreements requires our Promoters and certain members of our Promoter Group to pledge Equity Shares and NCRPS of our Company with lenders. A breach by our Company of certain covenants under the financing agreements may entitle these lenders to exercise their rights under the financing agreements and reduce the shareholding of our Promoters and certain members of the Promoter Group, which may adversely affect our business._** 

Our Promoters and certain members of our Promoter Group are required to pledge their entire shareholding of Equity Shares and NCRPS as security for the loans availed by our Company. As on the date of this RHP, the aggregate shareholding of the Promoters and Promoter Group is 58.99% comprising of the total shareholding of the Promoters being 48.80% of our existing paid up equity capital and the total shareholding of the promoter group being 10.18% of our existing paid up equity capital.  The entire NCRPS holding of the promoters (i.e. 13,605,863 NCRPS) will be pledged with the Consortium Lenders in accordance with the terms of pledge agreement. 

Our lenders have agreed to release their pledge over certain portion of such securities to help our Company meet the requirements toward minimum promoters contribution, subject to the terms and condition of the CDR Package. Pursuant to the Waiver Letters, the Consortium Lenders have removed pledge on 58,65,107 Equity Shares held by Promoters to ensure compliance with minimum promoter contributions as per SEBI ICDR Regulations, however, any excess Equity Shares which will not form part of minimum promoter contribution will be required to be locked-in and pledged by the Promoters with the Consortium Lenders in terms of CDR Package and applicable law. The exact number of Equity Shares to be pledged with the Consortium Lenders will be finalized post determination of the number of Equity Shares to be issued pursuant to the Fresh Offer. 

23 

Any default under the financing agreements pursuant to which these securities have been pledged will entitle the lenders, to enforce the pledge over these securities. If these pledges are enforced, the shareholding of our Promoters and certain members of our Promoter Group in our Company may be reduced and we may face certain impediments in taking decisions and the lenders will be entitled to attend general meetings of our Company, and exercise voting rights in respect of the pledged Equity Shares and NCRPS. For further details on such loan agreements, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters - Defaults or rescheduling/restructuring of borrowings_ ” beginning on page 133. 

As a result of the above, we may not be able to conduct our business or implement our strategies as currently planned, which may adversely affect our business, cash flows and prospects. 

**4.** **_Any shortages, slowdown or shutdown in our manufacturing operations may lead to under-utilization at our existing manufacturing facilities which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

We manufacture bearing rings and auto-component products in our various manufacturing units situated at Rajkot, Gujarat. Our capacity utilization is dependent upon our ability to optimally manage our manufacturing facilities, which are subject to various operating risks, including those beyond our control, such as the breakdown and failure of equipment or industrial accidents, severe weather conditions and natural disasters. For instance, our capacity utilization for forging was 33.48 _%_ , 32.92%, and 50.01%, for Fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. For details on production capacity of our forging lines, please refer to page no. 111 of this RHP. Further, there are no instances of any major interruption of operations during last three years. However, any significant malfunction or breakdown of our machinery may entail repair and maintenance costs and cause delays in our operations. If we are unable to repair malfunctioning machinery in a timely manner or at all, our facilities may not be able to operate at desired utilization levels or our operations may be suspended until we procure machinery to replace the same. 

Our manufacturing process requires a substantial amount of electricity and we largely depend on state electricity supply for our power requirements. For Fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, our power and fuel expenses amounted to ₹ 520.55 million, ₹ 541.84 million, and ₹ 714.89 million which constituted 8.45%, 8.14%, and 7.91% of our revenues from operations in the respective years. We also generate power by harnessing wind energy and solar energy for optimization of our electricity costs. However, such generation is highly dependent on weather conditions. Unfavourable weather conditions, underdeveloped infrastructure, change in government regulations or equipment failure could impair the effectiveness of solar and wind power equipment, reduce their output beneath their rated capacity; require the shutdown of key equipment; impede the operation of solar and wind power equipment; and could result in extra costs and may adversely affect our financial condition. 

While we have not been affected by any disruptions in the past on account of electricity supply, in the event of any such disruption, our ability to continue production could be hampered or delayed. Inability to effectively respond to such events and rectify any disruption, in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, could lead to slowdown or shut-down of our operations or the under-utilization of our manufacturing facility, which in turn may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**5.** **_The continuing impact of the outbreak of the COVID-19 could have a significant effect on our operations, and could negatively impact our business, revenues, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

In late calendar 2019, COVID-19, commonly known as “novel coronavirus” was first reported in Wuhan, China. Since then, the virus had progressively spread globally to many countries. The outbreak of COVID-19 was recognized as a public health emergency of international concern on January 30, 2020 and as a pandemic by the WHO on March 11, 2020. In response to the COVID-19 outbreak, the governments of many countries, had/have taken preventive or protective actions, such as imposing country-wide lockdowns, as well as restrictions on travel and business operations. The Government of India had announced a nation-wide lockdown on March 24, 2020 and imposed several restrictions. While progressive relaxations have since been granted for movement of goods and people and cautious re-opening of businesses and offices, lockdowns may be re-introduced in the future. Certain countries, including India, have reinstated lockdown conditions due to a “second wave” of the COVID19 outbreak and the discovery of new strains of the coronavirus, and the Central Government and State Governments may reinstate complete lockdown conditions or impose additional restrictions. 

24 

The global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has been rapidly evolving and public health officials and government authorities have reacted by taking measures, including in the regions in which we operate, such as prohibiting people from assembling in heavily populated areas, instituting quarantines, restricting travel, issuing lockdown orders and restricting the types of businesses that may continue to operate, ‘stay-at-home’ orders, and enforcing remote working regulations. These measures led to a significant decline in economic activities. 

The operations of the Company were impacted briefly, due to shutdown of factory following nationwide lockdown. The Company continues with its operations in line with directives from the authorities. We have monitored and considered the impact of known events arising from the COVID-19 pandemic, including with respect to our liquidity and going concern and recoverable values of assets. While we have not experienced significant financial losses in the past, however, the impact assessment is a continuing process given the uncertainties associated with its nature and duration. While there has been a decrease in our revenue and increase in our trade payables and receivables, there has been no material impact on the revenue, trade receivables and payables due to COVID- 19 and there have been no instances of material changes/modifications in agreements with suppliers and customers due to COVID-19. For further details in changes in our revenues and trade payables and receivables in Fiscal 2021, please see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Summary of Results of Operations - Fiscal 2021 compared to Fiscal 2020_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Liquidity and Capital Resources – Cash Flows – Cash Flows from Operating Activities – Fiscal 2021_ ” on pages 244 and 247. 

Going forward, the impact of the pandemic on our business, operations and financial performance in future may include, but are not limited to the following: 

- our ability to travel, interact with potential customers, pursue partnerships and other business transactions; 

- our inability to source key raw materials as a result of the temporary or permanent closure of the facilities of suppliers of our key raw materials; 

- challenges across various parts of our supply chain network; 

- a portion of our workforce being unable to work, including because of travel or government restrictions in connection with COVID-19, including stay at home order, which could result in a slowdown in our operations; 

- our strategic projects/ proposed products becoming delayed; 

- delays in orders or delivery of orders, which may negatively impact our cash conversion cycle and ability to convert our order backlog into cash; 

- inability to collect full or partial payments from customers due to deterioration in customer liquidity; 

- uncertainty as to what conditions must be satisfied before government authorities completely lift lockdown orders; and 

- the potential negative impact on the health of our employees, particularly if a significant number of them are afflicted by COVID-19, could result in a deterioration in our ability to ensure business continuity during this disruption. 

Further, we generate our revenues from different geographies due to exports. The effects of COVID-19 in India and the geographies we operate in may last for different duration or have different magnitude in different countries which may make it difficult for us to maintain normalised operations or may have an impact on our future growth. 

The extent to which the COVID-19 impacts our business and results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, such as new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions taken globally to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. In addition, we cannot predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our customers, suppliers and other business partners, and each of their financial conditions and any material adverse effect on these parties could adversely impact us. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection for all costs and/or losses that may arise from all such possible events. To the extent that the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this “ _Risk Factors_ ” section. 

25 

As a result of these uncertainties, the impact may vary significantly from that estimated by our management from time to time, and any action to contain or mitigate such impact, whether government-mandated or opted by us, may not have the anticipated effect or may fail to achieve its intended purpose altogether. **6.** **_Our top 10 customers accounted for a substantial majority of our revenue._** 

We are highly dependent on our top 10 customers for our revenue. For Fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, these customers have accounted 72.62%, 76.94%, and 65.56% of our revenue of operations out of which 5 customers are from India and 5 customers are from outside India. A few of our customers belong to the same corporate group and while the decision making for each of these customers is largely independent, any adverse action taken by any member of such group may impact our relations with other members of such customer group as well. 

As a result of significant reliance on limited set of customers, we may face certain issues including pricing pressures. Further, the revenue from these customers may vary from year to year, making it difficult to forecast future business needs and the loss or significant decrease in the volume of business from one or more of our significant customers would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and cash flows. Any significant decreases in spending in the sectors our customers operate in, may accordingly reduce the demand for our bearing rings and auto-component products and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. We may further be subject to counterparty credit risk and any delay in receiving payments or non-receipt of payments may adversely impact our results of operations. Further, our customers impose significant requirements on us including stringent quality requirements and delivery schedules. For instance, in the past we have been required to resort to significantly costlier modes of transportation to meet our delivery commitments and scrap materials which do not comply with the quality parameters set by our customers. Our inability to manage such requirements may have an adverse impact of our ability to retain such customers, our reputation and results from operations. 

# **7.** **_The demand of our products in foreign countries is subject to international market conditions and regulatory risks that could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

We export our products to around 16 countries. For Fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, our revenue from operations from outside India as a percentage of revenue from operations were 56.12%, 53.82%, and 56.27%, respectively Therefore, any adverse developments in the industries in which our customers operate outside India, could have an impact on our sales from exports. From time to time, tariffs, quotas and other non-tariff trade barriers may be imposed on our products in jurisdictions in which we sell such products. There can be no assurance that the jurisdictions where we seek to sell our products will not impose trade restrictions on us in future. We may also be prohibited from exporting to certain restricted countries that may be added to a sanctions list maintained by the Government of India or other foreign governments, such as the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons list maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the US Department of Treasury in the United States. There have been no instances of recall of its product, adverse government action with respect to its products or manufacturing facilities, or prohibition from the manufacturing or sale of its products in the last three years. However, going forward any such imposition of trade barriers may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Further, a large part of our exports and some of our raw material procurement is denominated in US dollars and Euro. While imports offer us a partial hedge, we are still exposed to the fluctuation in currencies and for the Fiscal 2021 foreign exchange differences (net) included in other income and exchange difference regarded as an adjustment to borrowing costs included in finance costs amounted to ₹ 100.32 million which amounted to 1.63% of our revenues from operations. For Fiscals 2020 and 2019, foreign exchange differences (net) included in other income and exchange difference regarded as an adjustment to borrowing costs included in finance costs amounted to gain/loss of ₹ (0.23) million, and ₹ 49.36 million and constituted (0.01%), and 0.55% of our revenues from operations respectively. 

**8.** **_We have outstanding borrowings which may adversely affect our financial condition. Restrictive covenants in our financing agreements may limit our operations and financial flexibility and materially and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects._** 

As of March 31, 2021, our Company had total borrowings of ₹ 2,494.91 million, comprising of non-current borrowings of ₹ 323.45 million, current borrowings of ₹ 1,835.72 million and current maturities of non-current 

26 

borrowings of ₹ 335.74 million. Our borrowings could have significant implications on our business and results of operations, including, inter alia: 

- a portion of our cash flows may be used towards repayment of our existing debt, which will reduce the availability of our cash flows to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate requirements; 

- our ability to obtain additional financing in the future at reasonable terms may be restricted; 

- there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations if we are unable to service our borrowings or otherwise comply with financial and other covenants specified in the financing agreements; and 

- we may be limited in our ability to withstand competitive pressures and may have reduced flexibility in responding to changing business, regulatory and economic conditions. 

We have delayed repayment of loans and interest in Fiscals 2018 and 2019 to financial institutions and banks to the extent of ₹1,032 million and ₹ 373.74 million, respectively and the delay in such repayments being for less than 110 days and 62 days, respectively, in each individual case. We cannot assure you that we will be able to make future payment of interest and repayment of borrowings in a timely manner or at all and that the relevant lenders will not impose, among others, default interest, penalties or termination of the facilities. 

Our financing agreements contain certain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to undertake certain types of transactions, any of which could adversely affect our business, cash flows and financial condition. We are required to obtain prior approval from our lenders for, among other things: 

- undertaking any new project, diversification, modernisation or substantial expansion of the existing manufacturing unit(s) of our Company; 

- issuing any debentures, raising any loans, deposits from public, issuing equity or preference capital, changing the capital structure of our Company or creating any charge on assets or give any guarantees save and except for permitted borrowings; 

- paying any commission to promoters, directors, managers or other persons for financial assistance obtained by our Company for the purpose of the existing manufacturing unit(s); 

- creating any subsidiary or permitting any company to become our Company’s subsidiary; 

- undertaking or effecting any merger/demerger, consolidation, reorganisation, scheme of arrangement, reconstruction or compromise, including joint ventures, acquisitions, hive-offs or any other such deal of a similar nature; 

- removing any person exercising substantial powers of management in the affairs of our Company; 

- recognising or registering any transfer of shares in our Company’s capital; 

- making any investments by way of deposits, loans, share capital etc. in any concern; 

- revaluating any assets at any time during the currency of the facilities; 

- undertaking any major capital expenditure; 

- effecting any change in the management set up of our Company; and 

- declaring any dividend on the equity shares of our Company. 

Under these agreements, we also require lender consents for undertaking an initial public offering of our Equity Shares including consequential corporate actions and we have obtained such consent from the lenders. As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have received consents from all such lenders. In the event of a breach or noncompliance of relevant terms of our financing arrangements, we may be required to seek waivers from the respective lenders for such breaches or non-compliances. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such amendments or waivers on satisfactory terms, or at all, and the relevant lenders could, inter-alia, impose penal and default interests, accelerate the maturity of our obligations and declare all amounts payable in respect of the facility to be due and payable immediately or otherwise on demand. Further, during any period in which we are in default, we may be unable to obtain further financing or any refinancing of our debt could be at higher rates of interest with more onerous covenants. In addition, lenders may be able to sell our assets charged under such financing arrangements to enforce their claims. There can be no assurance that we would be able to persuade our lenders to grant extensions or refrain from exercising such rights which may adversely affect our operations and cash flows. During any period in which we are in default, we may be unable to raise, or face difficulties raising, further financing or generate sufficient cash to fund our liquidity requirements. We may also be forced to sell some or all of the assets charged with our lenders if we do not have sufficient cash or credit facilities to make 

27 

repayments. The land owned by the Company on which Unit I, Unit II and Unit III are located is mortgaged and in case of any default the lenders may procced in accordance with the terms and conditions of the facility agreement. Any failure to meet our obligations under the debt financing agreements could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**9.** **_We are subject to strict quality requirements and any product defect issues or failure by us to comply with quality standards could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

The finished products delivered by us are required to comply with specifications and quality requirements as prescribed by our customers and may be subject to quality checks by our customers. 

Our customers may have their own policies regarding product recalls and other product liability actions which may have an impact on their suppliers. As per the purchase arrangements with certain customers, the customers may inspect and audit production process and undertake quality checks of the product and packaging of components. In the event our products do not comply with the specification provided by our customers, our supplies may be rejected and we may also be required to reimburse our customer for any losses suffered as a result of our non-compliance. 

We may face product liability or recall claims in the event that our products fail to meet the required quality standards or fail to perform as expected or such failure results, or is alleged to result, in bodily injury or property damage or both. While we try to minimize such risks by adherence to good manufacturing practices, finished product testing and through the commercial general liability insurance and product recall insurance availed by the Company, we cannot assure you that we will not be subjected to risk of legal proceedings and product liability claims being brought by our customers or other stakeholders, for various reasons including for defective products sold. Any product recall, product liability claim or adverse regulatory action may adversely affect our production levels, reputation, business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. There have been no instances of product recall or product liability claim in the last three years. 

Additionally, prior to placing the orders, there is a detailed audit and review process that is undertaken by certain customers. This may involve inspection of our manufacturing facilities, review of the manufacturing processes, review of our financial capabilities, technical review of the specification of the proposed product and review of our supply-chain capabilities. Our ability to win new customers and retain our existing customers is dependent on our Company being able to conduct our operations in compliance with such requirements. 

Further, we are required to incur expenses to maintain our quality assurance systems such as periodic checks, forming a separate team of employees responsible for quality and assurance across our manufacturing processes. We will continue to spend a portion of our future revenues to manage our product quality and to maintain our quality control, a failure of which may negatively impact our profitability. 

# **10.** **_In the event our contingent liabilities materialize, our financial condition may be adversely affected._** 

As of March 31, 2021, our aggregate contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37 amounts to ₹ 140.39 million In the event that any of these contingent liabilities materialize, our results of operation, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. The details of such contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37 as of March 31, 2021 are as follows: 

||_(in_₹_millions)_|
|---|---|
||**A  Mh**|
|**Particulars**|**s on arc**<br>**31, 2021**|
|**Contingent liabilities**||
|DisputedIncome tax/ Sales tax/ Service tax||
|Income tax with respect to matters relating to disallowance of additional depreciation,|138.73|
|disallowance of forex loss, disallowance of foreign commission and disallowance of other<br>expenditure for the assessment years 2005-06 to 2017-18 in respect of which the Company has<br>filed an appeal with higher authorities||
|For non receipt of the required forms and non acceptance of the companies claim of certain<br>sales as an exempted sales and related matters|0.25|
|Service tax with respect to the matters decided against the company in respect of which the<br>company has filed appeal with higher authorities|1.41|



28 

For further details on contingent liabilities as at March 31, 2021, as per Ind AS 37, see sections titled “ _Financial Statements – Annexure VII – Notes to Restated Ind AS Summary Statements_ ” on page 183. 

**11.** **_We have substantial working capital requirements and if we are unable to secure adequate working capital on commercially reasonable terms, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operation may be adversely affected. Further, our ability to finance our capital expenditure is also subject to certain risks._** 

Our business requires a substantial amount of working capital, primarily to maintain optimum inventory levels of raw materials, components which are work-in-progress and finished goods as well as to offer credit to our customers as is customary in our industry. Such working capital requirements are partially offset by the credit received by us from our suppliers. As of Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020, and Fiscal 2019, our Net Working Capital Requirements were ₹ 2,414.42 million, ₹ 2,120.36 million, and ₹ 2,589.68 million respectively. In the past, we have funded such working capital requirements through a combination of debt and internal accruals. For further details, please refer to section “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 80. 

In the future, we may need to seek funding for our working capital needs through additional borrowings or securities offerings. We cannot assure you that such funding will be obtained in a timely manner, on satisfactory terms, or at all. Moreover, if we raise additional debt, our interest expense will increase and our debt covenants under our existing loans may be impacted. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, your ownership interest in our Company will be diluted. 

Our ability to finance our capital expenditures is also subject to a number of risks, contingencies and other factors, some of which are beyond our control, including borrowing or lending restrictions under applicable laws and the terms of our financial and other arrangements, our own profitability and liquidity and general economic and market conditions. Any inability to obtain sufficient financing, or any significant unanticipated expenses or cost escalations, could result in the delay or abandonment of our business and expansion plans. As a result, if adequate funding is not available to us in a timely manner and on commercially viable terms, it may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects. 

**12.** **_Non-compliance with and changes in, safety, health and environmental laws and other applicable regulations in our manufacturing operations may adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are subject to laws and government regulations, including in relation to safety, health and environmental protection. These safety, health and environmental protection laws and regulations impose controls on air and water discharge, noise levels, storage handling, employee exposure to hazardous substances and other aspects of our manufacturing operations. We have made, and will continue to make capital and other expenditure to comply with environmental, health and safety standards. Further, any change in regulations may require us to make significant investments into our manufacturing facilities to comply with such revised requirements and we cannot assure you that such investments will yield desired returns. Any failure on our part to comply with any existing or future regulations applicable to us may result in legal proceedings being commenced against us, third party claims or the levy of regulatory fines. For further details, see section titled “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Development_ ” on page 255. A negative outcome in any such proceedings may adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

Additionally, we cannot assure you that we will not be involved in future litigation or other proceedings, or be held liable in any litigation or proceedings including in relation to safety, health and environmental matters, the costs of which may be significant. While there has been no instance of suspension of operations in the last three years, however in the future, any accidents at our facilities may result in personal injury or loss of life, substantial damage to or destruction of property and equipment resulting in the suspension of operations. The loss or shutdown of our operations over an extended period of time could have an adverse effect on our business and operations. 

**13.** **_The geographical concentration of our manufacturing facilities may restrict our operations and adversely affect our business, cash flows and financial conditions._** 

29 

We conduct our manufacturing operations in Rajkot, Gujarat in India. Due to the geographic concentration of our manufacturing operations, our operations are susceptible to local and regional factors, such as system failures, economic and weather conditions, natural disasters, and demographic and population changes, and other unforeseen events and circumstances. Though, there have been no instances of major disruptions in the last three years, any such disruptions in the future could result in the damage or destruction of a significant portion of our manufacturing abilities, significant delays in shipments of our products and/or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **14.** **_Our Logo is not registered, and failure to protect our intellectual property may adversely affect our reputation, goodwill and business operations._** 

Our name and logo are not registered under the Trade Marks Act, 1999. Accordingly, we do not enjoy the statutory protections accorded to a registered trademark and are subject to the various risks arising out of the same, including but not limited to infringement or passing off our name and logo by a third party. Maintaining the reputation of our brands, corporate name, logo and the goodwill associated with these trademarks is material to our success. Substantial erosion in the perception of our brand and goodwill could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. The use of our brand name or logo by third parties could adversely affect our reputation, which could in turn adversely affect our financial performance and the market price of the Equity Shares. Notwithstanding the precautions we take to protect our intellectual property rights, it is possible that third parties may copy or otherwise infringe on our rights, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Further, we may be susceptible to claims from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims. There have been no instances of third parties asserting infringement and other related claims against it in the last three years. However, in future if such claims or actions are asserted against us, we may be required to defend such claims, take corrective actions, change the name of our Company, enter into potentially expensive royalty or licensing agreements, or cease certain activities. Further, this may adversely impact our relationships with current or future customers, result in costly litigation and/or settlement, cause product shipment delays or stoppages, divert management's attention and resources and subject us to significant liabilities. 

Furthermore, necessary licenses may not be available to us on satisfactory terms, if at all. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial conditions. Moreover, we generate our revenues from different geographies due to exports, and any change in name of our Company may result in us being required to take additional efforts to intimate and seek updation of records with our customers and other stakeholders and us having to create and build our brand name internationally, which could result in significant costs and have an adverse impact on our business and operations. In addition, in certain cases, our customers share their intellectual property rights in the course of the product development process that we carry out for them. If our customer’s intellectual property rights are misappropriated by our employees in violation of any applicable confidentiality agreements, our customers may seek damages and compensation from us. This could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations and damage our reputation and relationships with our customers. 

**15.** **_We may be unable to obtain, renew or maintain statutory and regulatory permits, licenses and approvals required to operate our business and operate our manufacturing facilities, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations._** 

We require certain statutory and regulatory permits, licenses, registrations and approvals to operate our business such as consents to establish and consolidated consent and authorisation from the state pollution control boards, registration and licenses issued under the Factories Act, fire safety licenses from municipal fire safety authorities, registration certificates issued under various labour laws, including contract labour registration certificates and licenses as well as various taxation related registrations, such as registrations for payment of goods and service tax and professional taxes. Our licenses, permits and approvals impose certain terms and conditions that require us to incur significant costs and _inter alia_ , restrict certain activities. Further, many of these approvals require renewal from time to time and in the past, we have been unable to procure some of these approvals within stipulated timelines. For instance, we are in the process of obtaining factory license for our manufacturing facilities which had already expired. There can be no assurances that in future, we will be able to apply and obtain such renewals in a timely manner or that the approvals, licenses, permits and registrations may not be revoked in the event of any non-compliance with any terms or conditions imposed thereof. 

30 

We will also be required to regularly renew our material permits, licenses and approvals for our business, and to obtain new permits, licenses and approvals as may be required. The growth in size or scope of our business, expansion of our footprint in existing regions in which we operate and entry into new geographies may also expose us to regulatory regimes in which we have no prior direct experience and any expansion into new product areas could lead to our becoming subject to additional or different laws and regulations. Changes in laws and regulations, more stringent enforcement or alternative interpretation of existing laws and regulations in geographies in which we currently operate may make compliance with all applicable laws and regulations more challenging and could affect us adversely by reducing our freedom to do business, increasing our costs of doing business, or reducing our profitability. While we will endeavour to renew or obtain such approvals as required, there can be no assurance that the relevant authorities will issue any such approvals within our anticipated timeframe or at all. An inability to renew, maintain or obtain any material required permits, licenses or approvals may result in the interruption of our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure you that we will receive the approval in a timely manner. For further details in relation to our approvals, see section titled “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” at page 258. 

# **16.** **_We do not have firm commitment agreements with our customers. If our customers choose not to source their requirements from us, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

We typically do not have firm commitment long-term supply agreements with most of our customers and instead rely on short term purchase orders to govern the volume and other terms of our sales of products, from our customers. The purchase orders we receive from our customers specify a price per unit, delivery schedule, and the quantities to be delivered, however, such orders may be amended or cancelled prior to finalisation, and should such an amendment or cancellation take place, it may adversely impact our revenue and production schedules. 

Additionally, our customers have high and stringent standards for product quantity and quality as well as delivery schedules. Any failure to meet our customers’ expectations and specifications could result in the cancellation or non-renewal of contracts or purchase orders. There are also a number of factors, other than our performance that could cause the loss of a customer. Customers may also demand, among others, price reductions, set-off any payment obligations, require indemnification for themselves or their affiliates, change their outsourcing strategy by moving more work in-house, or replace their existing products with alternative products. In addition, our customers may shift the location of their plants, including to other countries, which may make our products lose their competitive edge. Any of these factors may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Accordingly, we face the risk that our customers might not place any order or might place orders of lesser than expected size or may even cancel existing orders or make change in their policies which may result in reduced quantities being manufactured by us. Cancellations, reductions or instructions to delay production (thereby delaying delivery of products manufactured by us) by a significant customer could adversely affect our results of operations by reducing our sales volume, as well as by possibly causing delay in our customers’ paying us for the order placed for purchasing the inventory with us which we would have manufactured for them. We may not find any customers or purchasers for the surplus or excess capacity, in which case we would be forced to incur a loss. 

In addition, we make significant decisions, including determining the levels of business that we will seek and accept, production schedules, personnel requirements and other resource requirements, based on our estimates of customer orders. The changes in demand for their products (which are in turn manufactured by us) could reduce our ability to estimate accurately future customer requirements, make it difficult to schedule production and limit our ability to maximize utilization of our manufacturing capacity. The requirements of our customers are not restricted to one type of product and therefore variations in demand for certain types of products also requires us to make certain changes in our manufacturing processes thereby affecting our production schedules. We often increase staffing, increase capacity and incur other expenses to meet the anticipated demand of our customers, which could cause reductions in our margins if an order gets delayed or cancelled or modified. 

# **17.** **_Availability of raw materials and fluctuation in the prices of raw materials required for our products may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operation._** 

31 

For our bearing rings and auto-component products, a major component of raw material is carbon steel, alloy steel and stainless steel. 

For Fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, the cost of raw materials and components consumed was ₹ 3,165.94 million, ₹ 3,137.41 million, and ₹ 4,529.36 million, which as a percentage of our revenue from operations was 51.37%, 47.11%, and 50.09% respectively. Our raw materials pre-dominantly include carbon steel, alloy steel and stainless steel, the price of which has been volatile in the past. As a result, we continue to remain susceptible to the risks arising out of raw material price fluctuations which could result in declining operating margins. 

Our Company has imported 24.5%, 27.95% and 21.12% of total raw material purchased in Fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, the cost of such raw materials was ₹ 1,011.62 million, ₹ 1,093.08 million, and ₹ 1,082.88 million respectively. 

The automotive industry experienced significant volatility with respect to the price of raw materials in the recent past, primarily with respect to ferrous and non-ferrous metals. While we have been able to pass on increase in prices of raw material to our customers, there have also been occasions when we have been unable to pass on increases in raw materials prices to our customers. We cannot assure you that we will be able to mitigate the risk posed by such changes in raw material prices through pass-through arrangements with our customers and our inability to pass on any future variations in the prices of our raw materials either in part or completely may adversely impact our result from operations. 

Further, each of our customer may specify a limited number of sources of raw-materials for a specific product and any slow-down or stoppage by such raw material suppliers may impact our ability to operate our facilities at optimum utilization, expose us to penalties due to delay and may require us to carry additional raw material inventories to tide over such disruptions. While we work with our customers to try and identify alternate sources of raw material and advance payments to cover for increased working capital requirements, we cannot assure you that such support will be forthcoming, in the absence of which our result of operations may be adversely impacted. 

# **18.** **_Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or may not adequately protect us against all material hazards, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

Our business involves inherent risks and hazards which may adversely affect our profitability, including amongst others, breakdown, failure or substandard performance of equipment, logistical disruptions, labour disturbances, employee frauds, and infrastructure failure. We could be held liable for accidents that occur at our manufacturing facility or otherwise arise out of our operations. In the event of personal injuries, fires or other accidents suffered by our employees or other people, we could face claims alleging that we were negligent, provided inadequate supervision or be otherwise liable for the injuries. We maintain insurance cover for our properties, and our policies cover, among others, protection from fire, special perils, burglary, machinery breakdown, public liability, product liability, product recall and financial loss. We also maintain a variety of employee insurance policies such as workmen compensation policy and group care policy. We also maintain insurance for our directors' and officers' liability as well as marine insurance policy in relation to movement of our products. Our insurance coverage for Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020, and Fiscal 2019, was ₹ 8,660 million ₹ 9,330 million, and ₹ 9,592 million, which was 2.49 times, 2.67 times, and 2.65 times respectively of the net fixed asset (excluding land values) and insurance coverage was ₹ 610 million ₹ 610 million, and ₹ 650 million, which was 0.85 times, 1.29 times, and 1.18 times respectively of inventories in hand (excluding raw materials and goods in transits). 

While we believe that the insurance coverage which we maintain would be reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our business, we cannot assure you that the terms of our insurance policies will be adequate to cover any damage or loss suffered by us or that such coverage will continue to be available on reasonable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or that the insurer will not disclaim coverage as to any future claim, or that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. 

In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage for which we did not obtain or 

32 

maintain insurance, and which is not covered by insurance, exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, cash flows and financial performance could be adversely affected. For further details on insurance arrangements, see section titled “ _Our Business – Insurance_ ” on page 124. 

# **19.** **_We are dependent on a number of key personnel, including our senior management, and the loss of, or our inability to attract or retain, such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

Our performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our senior management, other key personnel and the performance and productivity of our operational managers. We believe that the inputs and experience of our Promoters, senior management and our key managerial personnel are valuable for the development of business and operations and the strategic directions taken by our Company. For details in relation to the experience of our key managerial personnel, see section titled “ _Our Management_ ” on page 136. There is no assurance, however, that these individuals or any other member of our senior management team will not leave us or join a competitor. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain these employees or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. For the financial year ended March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019, our attrition rate was 8.31%, 8.76% and 9.43% respectively. We may require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when qualified personnel terminate their employment with our Company. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting employees that our business requires. The loss of the services of such persons may have an adverse effect on our business and our results of operations. 

The continued operations and growth of our business is dependent upon our ability to attract and retain personnel who have the necessary and required experience and expertise. Competition for qualified personnel with relevant industry expertise in India is intense. A loss of the services of our key personnel may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **20.** **_We have availed certain loans which may be recalled by our lenders at any time._** 

We have availed certain loans which may be recalled by the lenders namely, Corporation Bank, Oriental Bank of Commerce, Union Bank of India, Bank of Baroda, Bank of India, Indian Overseas Bank at any time. In the event that any lender seeks a repayment of any such loan, we may need to find alternative sources of financing, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. In addition, we may not have adequate working capital to undertake new projects or complete the ongoing projects. As a result, any such demand may affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. At the end of Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020, and Fiscal 2019, the total amount of borrowings payable on-demand, cash credit from banks, were ₹ 171.10 million, ₹ 190.83 million, and ₹ 301.13 million which comprised of cash credit facilities and other working capital facilities utilized by our Company. In addition, we may not have adequate working capital to undertake new projects or complete the ongoing projects. As a result, any such demand may affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. At the end of Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020, and Fiscal 2019, our total outstanding borrowings stood at ₹ 2,494.91 million, ₹ 2,589.53 million and ₹ 3,851.68 million, respectively. 

**21.** **_We are subject to the risk of failure of, or weakness in, our internal control systems, which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects._** 

In order to manage our growth effectively, we must implement, upgrade and improve our operational systems, procedures and internal controls on a timely basis. If we fail to implement these systems, procedures and controls on a timely basis, or if there are weaknesses in such internal controls that would result in inconsistent internal standard operating procedures, we may not be able to meet our customer’s needs, hire and retain new employees or operate our business effectively. Moreover, our ability to sustain our rate of growth depends significantly upon our ability to select and retain key managerial personnel, maintaining effective risk management policies and training managerial personnel to address emerging challenges. We cannot assure you that our existing or future management, operational and financial systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support future operations or establish or develop business relationships beneficial to future operations. 

**22.** **_We and certain of our Directors and Promoters are party to certain legal proceedings that, if decided_** 

33 

# **_against us could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, prospects, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our Company and certain of our Directors and Promoters are involved in direct and indirect proceedings. These proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts. A summary of the litigation involving our Company, our Promoters and our Directors is set out below. The amounts involved in these proceedings have been summarized to the extent ascertainable and quantifiable. 

# **_Litigation against our Company_** 

|**Nature of the cases**|**No. of cases outstanding**|**Amount involved**<br>**(in**₹**million)**|
|---|---|---|
|Criminal|Nil|Nil|
|Civil|Nil|Nil|
|Action by statutory or regulatory authorities|Nil|Nil|
|**Total**|Nil|Nil|
|**_Litigation filed by our Company_**<br>**Nature of the cases**|**No. of cases outstanding**|**Amount involved**<br>**(in**₹**million)**|
|Criminal|Nil|Nil|
|Civil|Nil|Nil|
|Action by statutory or regulatory authorities|Nil|Nil|
|**Total**|Nil|Nil|



**_Tax proceedings involving our Company_** 

|**Nature of tax involved**|**Number of cases**<br>**outstanding**|**Amount involved in s**<br>**proceedings (in**₹**mill**|**uch**<br>**ion)**|
|---|---|---|---|
|Direct tax|6||138.78|
|Indirect Tax|5||10.13|
|**Total**|11||148.91|
|**_Litigation involving our Directors_**<br>**Nature of the cases**|**No. of cases outstanding**|**Amount involved**<br>**(in**₹**million)**||
|Criminal|Nil||Nil|
|Civil|Nil||Nil|
|Action by statutory or regulatory authorities|Nil||Nil|
|Tax|5|Not q|uantifiable|
|**Total**|5|Not q|uantifiable|
|**_Litigation involving our Promoters_**<br>**Nature of the cases**|**No. of cases outstanding**|**Amount involved**<br>**(in**₹**million)**||
|Criminal|Nil||Nil|
|Civil|Nil||Nil|
|Action by statutory or regulatory authorities|Nil||Nil|
|Disciplinary action|Nil||Nil|
|<br>Tax|10|Notq|uantifiable|
|**Total**|10|Not q|uantifiable|



34 

# **_Litigation involving our Group Companies_** 

|**Nature of the cases**|**No. of cases outstanding**<br>**Amount involved**<br>**(in**₹**million)**|
|---|---|
|Pending cases which has a material impact on|<br>Nil<br>Nil|
|<br>the Company||
|**Total**|Nil<br>Nil|
|For further details on these proceedings, see|“_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_” beginning on page 255.|
|<br>While we believe that none of these legal proc<br>that these legal proceedings will be decided i<br>reputation, business, prospects, financial cond|<br>eedings may potentially affect our business significantly, we cannot assure you<br>n our favour and any unfavourable decision may have an adverse effect on our<br>ition, cash flows, results of operations and cash flows.|



**23.** **_We rely on third parties to transport our products to our customers, and source raw materials for our manufacturing facilities and any disruption in our transportation arrangements or increases in transportation costs may adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We rely on third parties, for transport of our products to our customers and transfer of raw materials to our manufacturing facilities. Any delay in the delivery of our products to our customers beyond our delivery commitments may lead to liquidated damages, penalties, loss of business and reputation. Further any significant delay in logistics of raw materials to our manufacturing facilities may result in the slowdown or shutdown of our operations. For instance, blockage of Suez Canal in March 2021 had led to delay in our consignment which adversely impacted our revenues from operations for Fiscal 2021. 

In the absence of long-term arrangements, we are exposed to fluctuations in availability and cost of such transportation solutions. Also, if the terms offered to such logistic providers by our competitors are more favourable than those offered by us, they may decline to provide their services to us within the stipulated time or at all. We may also be affected by transport strikes, bad condition of roads, weather-related delays, or nonperformance or deficiency in services, among others, which may affect our delivery schedules. If we are unable to secure alternate transport arrangements in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, or at all, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. Such third parties may be subject to various regulations and while we seek to ensure that the third party logistics providers comply with such provisions, any non-compliance by such logistics providers can expose us to the risk of confiscation of material, delayed deliveries, penalties and other adverse actions. 

Further, we cannot assure you that we will be successful in continuing to receive uninterrupted, quality service from such third parties transporters on whom we rely for all of our current and future logistics requirements. Any disruption or inefficiencies in the operations of these third parties may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**24.** **_Our inability to effectively manage our growth or to successfully implement our business plan and growth strategy could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

The success of our business will depend greatly on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategy. Our growth strategy involves increasing our share of business amongst existing customers **_,_** expanding to include new customers across the globe, and continuing focus on improving operational efficiencies among other strategies. For further details, see section titled “ _Our Business – Strategies_ ” on page 114. Our success in implementing our growth strategies may be affected by changes in the industry we or our customers cater to and our ability to adapt to such changes, our ability to retain our customers and increase our share of business from such customers, expand into new customers. Many of these factors are beyond our control and there is no assurance that we will succeed in implementing our strategy. 

Separately, as part of our growth strategy we intend to enter new geographies and evaluate technologies we are currently not present in. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to execute our strategy in a timely manner or at all and within our estimated budget, or that our expansion and development plans will increase our profitability. Moreover, the 

35 

growth strategies are based on management estimates which are based on certain assumptions, including our understanding of the market, which may not materialize. In the event such management estimates prove to be inaccurate, our business, financial conditions, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

# **25.** **_We face competition from both domestic as well as international players and our inability to compete effectively may have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations._** 

Competition in our business is based on relationships with customers, product quality, pricing, infrastructure and customisation. We may face price pressures from our customers who aim to produce their products at competitive costs and consequently, source products manufactured by us at cheaper prices. We are unable to assure you that we shall be able to meet the pricing pressures imposed by such customers which would adversely affect our profitability. Additionally, some of our competitors may have greater financial, research and technological resources, larger sales and marketing teams and more established reputation. They may also be in a better position to identify market trends, adapt to changes in industry, innovate new products, offer competitive prices due to economies of scale and also ensure product quality and compliance, among others, which may adversely affect our business, cash flows and financial condition. 

Accordingly, our ability to maintain and increase our revenue is significantly dependent on our relationships with our customers. If our competitors are able to offer better quality, delivery commitments, more competitive rates, and more favourable terms of sale to our existing customers, our business and revenues could be adversely affected. 

**26.** **_Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale portion. Objects of the Fresh Issue for which the funds are being raised have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution and any variation in the utilization of our Net Proceeds as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval._** 

The Offer includes an offer for sale of up to 7,500,000 Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholder. The proceeds from the Offer for Sale (net of expenses and taxes) will be paid to Selling Shareholder and we will not receive any such proceeds. 

Our Company intends to primarily use the Net Proceeds of the Fresh Issue for our long term working capital requirements and general corporate purposes, as described in section “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 80. 

The plans for utilizing the Net Proceeds of the Fresh Issue are based on management estimates and such intended use of proceeds has not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. The funding requirements are based on current conditions and are subject to change in response to external circumstances, costs, other financial condition or business strategies. Our Company may have to revise its management estimates from time to time and consequently its requirements may change, which may cause an additional burden on our finance plans, as a result of which, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely impacted. 

Any change in the Objects of the Fresh Issue would also require shareholders’ approval and may involve considerable time or may not be forthcoming and in such an eventuality it may adversely affect our operations or business. Further, our Promoters or controlling shareholders would be required to provide an exit opportunity to the shareholders who dissent with our proposal to change the objects of the Offer, which may discourage our Promoters or our controlling shareholders from undertaking steps for the variation of the proposed utilisation of our Net Proceeds, even if such variation is in our interest. 

In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake any variation in Objects of the Fresh Issue to use any unutilized proceeds of the Fresh Issue even if such variation is in our interest, thereby limiting or delaying our efforts to use the Net Proceeds to achieve profitable growth in our business. 

**27.** **_We do not hold any patents or other form of intellectual property protection in relation to our manufacturing processes, and our inability to maintain the integrity and secrecy of our manufacturing processes may adversely affect our business._** 

36 

While we possess technical knowledge about our products and design our tools in-house, our know-how may not be adequately protected by intellectual property rights. While we generally take precautions to protect our trade secrets and confidential information against breach of trust by our employees, consultants, job workers, customers and suppliers, it is possible that unauthorized disclosure of our trade secrets or confidential information may occur. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in the protection of our trade secrets and confidential information. 

Our manufacturing processes may not be eligible for intellectual property protection and others may be able to use the same or similar production processes, thereby undermining any competitive advantage we may have derived from such processes and adversely affecting our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **28.** **_Exchange rate fluctuations in various currencies in which we do business could negatively impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Although our reporting currency is in Indian Rupees, we transact a significant portion of our business in several other currencies, primarily US Dollars and Euro. For Fiscal 2021, 2020, and 2019, our revenue from operations from outside India as a percentage of revenue from operations were 56.12%, 53.82%, and 56.27%, respectively. 

The exchange rate between the Rupee and foreign currencies has fluctuated significantly in the past and may continue to fluctuate in the future. Any significant appreciation of the Rupee (in case of exports) and depreciation of the Rupee (in case of imports) against foreign currencies in which we do business can fundamentally affect our competitiveness in the long-term. As our financial statements are presented in Indian Rupees, such fluctuations could have a material impact on our reported results. While imports offer us a partial hedge, we are still exposed to the fluctuation in currencies and for the Fiscal 2021 foreign exchange differences (net) included in other income and exchange difference regarded as an adjustment to borrowing costs included in finance costs amounted to ₹ 100.32 million which amounted to 1.63% of our revenues from operations. For Fiscal 2020, and 2019, foreign exchange differences (net) included in other income and exchange difference regarded as an adjustment to borrowing costs included in finance costs amounted to ₹ (0.23) million, and ₹ 49.36 million and constituted (0.01%), and 0.55% of our revenue from operations, respectively. Our inability to efficiently manage such currency risk in future may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **29.** **_Any downgrade in our credit ratings could increase our borrowing costs, affect our ability to obtain financing, and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition_** 

Our Company currently has a credit rating of CARE BB; Stable i.e. moderate risk of default regarding timely servicing of financial obligations issued by Care Ratings. During a period of July 2017 to June 2019, the Company’s credit rating had been downgraded to CARE D (indicating default or expected to be in default soon) on account of ongoing delays in servicing of its debt obligations. Our credit ratings, which are intended to measure our ability to meet our debt obligations, are a significant factor in determining our finance costs. The interest rates of certain of our borrowings may be significantly dependent on our credit ratings. A downgrade of our credit ratings could lead to greater risk with respect to refinancing our debt and would likely increase our cost of borrowing and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects. 

# **30.** **_Our operations could be adversely affected by strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees or any other kind of disputes with our employees and contract labour._** 

As of June 30, 2021, we employed 1,815 employees. While we consider our current labour relations to be good, we cannot assure you that we will not experience disruptions in work due to disputes or other problems with our work force, which may adversely affect our ability to perform our obligations for the projects. Further, our employees are currently not part of any trade union. If our employees were unionized, there is no assurance that we will be able to negotiate a favourable wage settlement agreement. 

In order to retain operational efficiencies, we engage independent contractors through whom we engage contract labour for performance of certain functions at our manufacturing units as well as at our offices. As on June 30, 2021, we engaged 654 contract labourers. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, we are responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and our financial conditions. 

37 

Further, while we have not experienced significant labour unrest in the past, strikes, lock-outs and other labour action, may have an adverse impact on our operations, and if not resolved in a timely manner, could lead to disruptions in our operations. We cannot guarantee that we will not experience any strike, work stoppage or other industrial action in the future and any such event could adversely affect our business, results of operation, cash flows and financial condition. Additionally, our inability to engage adequate number of suppliers of contract labours, could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and profitability. 

Further, new laws or regulations, changes (including increasing strictness) in the enforcement of existing laws or regulations, or any consequent penalties, applicable to us and our employees or our ability to comply with these laws or regulations may adversely affect our business. Any such changes, if implemented, could adversely affect our operating margins, manufacturing operations, cash flows and results of operations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with such laws or regulations in the future. 

# **31.** **_We have in the past not complied with the corporate social responsibility requirements under the Companies Act, 2013_** 

Companies meeting certain financial thresholds are also required to constitute a committee of the board of directors for corporate social responsibility activities and ensure that at least 2% of the average profit before tax of the company during three immediately preceding financial years are utilized for corporate social responsibility activities. Penalties for instances of non-compliance have been prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013, which may result in inter alia, our Company, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel being subject to such penalties and formal actions as prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013. For instance, for Fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, 89.88%, 52.20% and 48.58% of the gross amount required to be spent by the Company during the year on corporate social responsibility related activities remained unutilized. We cannot assure you that no penalties will be imposed on us or our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel regarding such non-compliance in the future, the costs of which may be significant, and which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and reputation. 

# **32.** **_Interest of our Promoters, Directors and key management persons, other than normal remuneration or benefits or reimbursement of expenses incurred._** 

Our Promoters, certain Directors and certain key management persons are interested to the extent of their shareholding the Company and related party transactions. For further details see “ _Our Management - Interest of Directors_ ”, see “ _Our Management - Interest of KMP_ ”, “ _Our Promoter and Promoter Group – Interests of Promoter in the promotion of our Company_ ”, and “ _Summary of the Offer Document – Summary of Related Party Transactions_ ” on pages 141, 150, 153, and 18, respectively. 

# **33.** **_Our success depends on our ability to understand evolving industry trends and to fulfill the changing preferences of our customers._** 

Our ability to anticipate changes in technology and regulatory standards on a timely basis will be a significant factor in our ability to remain competitive. We cannot assure you that we will be able to achieve the technological advances that may be necessary for us to remain competitive. Additionally, to compete effectively in the manufacturing and forging industry, we must be able to fulfil our customers’ changing preferences in a timely manner. Product or technology obsolescence may cause our offerings to lose their competitive edge. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to understand the evolving industry trends, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

# **34.** **_If we are unable to raise additional capital, our business prospects could be adversely affected._** 

We intend to fund our future strategy through Net Proceeds, our internal accruals and borrowings from financial institutions. We will continue to incur expenditure in maintaining and growing the manufacturing infrastructure at our existing manufacturing facilities. We cannot assure you that we will have sufficient capital resources for our current operations or any future expansion plans that we may have. While we expect our internal accruals and cash flow from operations to be adequate to fund our existing commitments, our ability to incur any future borrowings is dependent upon the success of our operations. Additionally, the inability to obtain sufficient financing could adversely affect our ability to complete expansion plans. Our ability to arrange financing and the costs of capital of such financing are dependent on numerous factors, including general economic and capital 

38 

market conditions, credit availability from banks, investor confidence, the continued success of our operations and other laws that are conducive to our raising capital in this manner. If we decide to meet our capital requirements through debt financing, we may be subject to certain restrictive covenants. If we are unable to raise adequate capital in a timely manner and on favourable terms, or at all, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

# **35.** **_Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

Our Company has not paid dividends in the last three financial years and our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements including the CDR Package. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. For further details, see section titled “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 160. 

# **36.** **_Any failure of our information technology systems could adversely affect our business and our operations._** 

We use information technology systems that support our business processes. These systems may be susceptible to outages due to fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, natural disasters, break-ins and similar events. Effective response to such disruptions will require effort and diligence on the part of our employees to avoid any adverse effect to our information technology systems. For instance, any breakdown of our information technology systems could impair our ability to operate effectively. In addition, our systems and proprietary data stored electronically may be vulnerable to computer viruses, cybercrime, computer hacking and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering. If such unauthorized use of our systems were to occur, data related to our product design, proprietary information of our customers available with us, product development and other proprietary information could be compromised. Further, any compromise of our information technology systems may cause similar or significantly more adverse disruptions in the systems of our customers. The occurrence of any of these events could adversely affect our business, interrupt our operations, subject us to increased operating costs and expose us to litigation. 

# **37.** **_We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders._** 

We have in the course of our business entered into, and will continue to enter into, several transactions with our related parties. For further details, see section titled “ _Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 159. We cannot assure you that we will receive similar terms in our related party transactions in the future. We cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. Any further transactions we may enter into with our related parties could potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to our Company. Further, the Companies Act, 2013 has brought into effect significant changes to the Indian company law framework including specific compliance requirements such as obtaining prior approval from the audit committee, board of directors and shareholders for certain related party transactions. We cannot assure you that such transactions in the future, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on business and financial results, including because of potential conflicts of interest or otherwise. For further details in relation to related party transactions, see section titled “ _Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 159. 

# **38.** **_Our Promoter and members of our Promoter Group will continue to retain control over our Company after completion of the Issue, which will allow them to influence the outcome of matters submitted for approval of our shareholders._** 

Following the completion of the Issue, our Promoter and members of our Promoter Group will continue to hold approximately [●]% of our post-Offer Equity Share capital. As a result, they will have the ability to significantly influence matters requiring share-holders approval, including the ability to appoint Directors to our Board of Directors and the right to approve significant actions at Board and at shareholders’ meetings, including the issue of Equity Shares and dividend payments, business plans, mergers and acquisitions, any consolidation or joint venture arrangements, any amendment to our MOA and AOA, and any assignment or transfer of our interest in 

39 

any of our licenses. We cannot assure you that our promoters will not have conflicts of interest with other shareholders or with our Company. Any such conflict may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy or to operate our business. 

# **39.** **_We may be unable to enforce our rights under some of our agreements with counterparties on account of insufficient stamping and non-registration or other reasons._** 

We enter into agreements with third parties, in relation to sale of goods, supply of raw materials and services, or acquisition of land among others. The terms, tenure and the nature of the agreements may vary depending on, amongst other things, the subject matter of the agreement and the third party involved. Some of the agreements executed by us may be inadequately stamped or not registered or may not otherwise be enforceable. Inadequately stamped documents may be impounded by the appropriate authority. Such inadequately stamped or not registered documents may not be admissible in evidence in a court of law until the applicable stamp duty, with penalty, has been paid and registered, which could, therefore, impact our ability to enforce our rights under the agreements in a timely manner or at all. In case, we are required to enforce such agreements, we will be required to adjudicate such inadequately stamped agreements in accordance with the applicable law of respective states, which may have impact on our financials. 

# **40.** **_We do not own all the premises from which we operate and continuous and uninterrupted use and possession of such premises are subject to certain conditions as per the lease agreements._** 

Our windmills are situated at Bhogat and Lamba sites (Gujarat), which are on premises that have respectively been leased and sub-leased by us from third parties through lease or leave and license or tenancy arrangements. For further details, see “Our Business – Properties”. Upon expiration of the relevant agreement for each such premise, we will be required to negotiate the terms and conditions on which the lease agreement may be renewed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to renew these agreements on commercially reasonable terms in a timely manner, or at all. 

Termination of our sub-lease may occur for reasons beyond our control, such as breaches of lease agreements by the landlords of our premises which is detrimental to our operations. If we, our current or future landlords breach the lease agreements, we may have to relocate to alternative premises or shut down our operations at that site. 

In addition, we may not be able to assess or identify all risks and liabilities associated with any properties, such as faulty or disputed title, unregistered encumbrances or adverse possession rights, improperly executed, unregistered or insufficiently stamped instruments, or other defects that we may not be aware of. In the event that these existing sub-leases are terminated or they are not renewed on commercially acceptable terms or at all, we may suffer a disruption in our operations. If alternative premises are not available at the same or similar costs, size or locations, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

# **41.** **_Statistical and industry data in this Red Herring Prospectus may be inaccurate, incomplete or unreliable. Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus disclose information from industry reports commissioned by us and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Offer is subject to inherent risks_** 

We have not independently verified statistical, third party and industry data obtained from industry publications and other sources referred to in this Red Herring Prospectus. This Red Herring Prospectus includes information that is derived from the research report titled [“ _Indian Bearings Industry  – Industry revenue to witness a smart recovery in FY 2022_ ” dated March 2021, which was prepared by ICRA Limited, a research house, pursuant to an engagement with our Company on November 19, 2020 (“ **ICRA Report** ”)]. _,_ We commissioned and paid for the ICRA Report for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the bearing rings and auto-component industry in India. Neither we, nor any of the BRLMs, nor any other person connected with the Offer has verified the information in the ICRA Report. ICRA Limited has advised that while it has taken due care and caution in preparing the ICRA Report, which is based on information obtained from sources that it considers reliable (“Information”), it does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the Information and disclaims responsibility for any errors or omissions in the Information or for the results obtained from the use of the Information. The ICRA Report also highlights certain industry and market data, which may be subject to assumptions. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which we conduct our business, and methodologies and assumptions vary widely among different industry sources. Further, such assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that ICRA Limited’s assumptions are 

40 

correct or will not change and, accordingly, our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the ICRA Report is not a recommendation to invest or disinvest in our Company. ICRA Limited has disclaimed all financial liability towards the subscribers, users, transmitters or distributors of the commissioned report. Prospective investors are advised not to unduly rely on the ICRA Report or extracts thereof as included in this Red Herring Prospectus when making their investment decisions. 

# **42.** **_Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus may not be comparable with the audited financial statements of the Company prepared in accordance with Ind AS._** 

The Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus may vary from the audited financials for the respective years or periods. 

The Company has prepared its first financial statements in accordance with Ind AS from the accounting year ending March 31, 2021, while the previous years’ financial statements have been prepared as per IGAAP. As a result, our Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus may differ from such financial statements. 

Further we cannot assure you that the comparative descriptions of Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus, including in the section _“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”_ beginning on page 224 provide any meaningful analysis for audited financials for the same periods. 

On account of such differences, our, investors will not have the benefit of considering comparable performance over prior periods and any reliance on our Restated Financial Statements or the audited financial statements for any of our prior periods should be accordingly limited. 

# **43.** **_The Selling Shareholder shall have a right to nominate a director on the Board post completion of the Issue._** 

Post-completion of the Issue, the Selling Shareholder shall have the right to nominate a director to our Board. The exercise of this right by the Selling Shareholder, post the completion of Issue, is subject to confirmation by the Shareholders at the first general meeting held after the completion of the Issue. For further details, please see “ _Main Provisions of Articles of Association_ ” on page 299. 

All special rights available to the Investors, will cease to exist upon listing of Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges pursuant to the Offer, (without requiring any further action) except for the rights subject to approval of the Shareholders by way of a special resolution, in a general meeting post listing of the Equity Shares. 

**44.** **_Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance like EBITDA have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. These non-GAAP financial measures are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS and may not be comparable._** 

Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance like EBITDA, EBITDA margin, net worth, return on net worth, Net Asset Value per Equity Share and debt equity ratio, total borrowing to total equity have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. These non-GAAP Measures are not a measurement of our financial performance or liquidity under Ind AS, Indian GAAP, or IFRS and should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/ (loss) for the year or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS, Indian GAAP, or IFRS. These non-GAAP financial measures and other statistical and other information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures and statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other companies and are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. 

41 

**45.** **_Information relating to our installed capacities and the historical capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity utilization may vary._** 

Information relating to our installed capacities and the historical capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on various assumptions and estimates of our management, including proposed operations, assumptions relating to availability and quality of raw materials and assumptions relating to potential utilization levels and operational efficiencies. Actual utilization rates may differ significantly from the estimated installed capacities or historical estimated capacity utilization information of our facilities. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on our installed capacity or historical estimated capacity utilization information for our existing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

**1.** **_Unforeseeable business interruptions, including war, terrorist activities, political and social unrest, epidemics and natural disasters, such as earthquakes, could have a negative effect on the Indian economy and adversely affect our business._** 

India has experienced natural calamities such as earthquakes, tsunami, floods and drought in the past few years. The extent and severity of these natural disasters determines their effect on the Indian economy. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years, in particular communal violence across ethnic or communal lines involving conflicts, riots and other forms of violence between communities of different religious faith or ethnic origins, and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Events such as these, terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

Other acts of violence or war outside India, including those involving the United States, the United Kingdom or other countries, may adversely affect worldwide financial markets and could adversely affect the world economic environment, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and more generally, any of these events could lower confidence in India. South Asia has, from time to time, experienced instances of civil unrest and hostilities among other neighbouring countries. 

# **2.** **_The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company in consultation with the BRLMs and in accordance with the Book Building Process and will be based on numerous factors. For further information, see section titled _“Basis for Offer Price”_ on page 87. The Offer Price may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. There can be no assurances that Bidders who are Allotted Equity Shares through the Offer will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

# **3.** **_Your percentage of ownership may be diluted in the future._** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by our Company, including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in the Company. Any future issuances of Equity Shares or the disposal of Equity Shares by our Promoter or any of our other principal shareholders or the perception that such issuance or sales may occur, including to comply with the minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of the Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. Although our Promoter will be subject to a lock-in after the Offer, sales of a large number of our Equity Shares by our Promoter and significant shareholders after the expiry of the lock-in periods could adversely affect the market price of our Equity Shares. For further details on the lock-in of Equity Shares, see section titled “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 64. 

42 

There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that the shareholders will not dispose of the Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of your investment in the Equity Shares. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales may occur may also affect the market price of the Equity Shares. 

# **4.** **_Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution by our Company. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction the investors are located in do not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless our Company makes such a filing. If our Company elects not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise preemptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in our Company would be reduced. 

# **5.** **_We will incur increased costs as a result of becoming a listed public company._** 

As a listed public company, we will incur legal, accounting, insurance and other expenses that we have not incurred as a private company, including costs associated with public company reporting requirements. We expect that rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly, although we are currently unable to estimate these costs with any degree of certainty. Laws and regulations could also make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. Laws and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as our senior management. Furthermore, if we are unable to satisfy our obligations as a public company, we could be subject to delisting, fines, sanctions and other regulatory action and potentially civil litigation. 

**6.** **_There is no existing market for our Equity Shares, and we do not know if one will develop. The price of our Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Issue, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Indian Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Issue. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may bear no relationship to the market price of the Equity Shares after the Issue. We cannot assure you that the initial public offering price of the Equity Shares, or the market price following our initial public offering, will equal or exceed prices in privately negotiated transactions of our shares that may have occurred from time to time prior to our initial public offering. The market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions and environment towards developments relating to India and volatility in the BSE and the NSE and securities markets elsewhere in the world. Any of these factors may result in large and sudden changes in the volume and trading price of the Equity Shares. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, shareholders have often instituted securities class action litigation against that company. If we were involved in a class action suit, it could divert the attention of management, and, if adversely determined, have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **7.** **_Any downgrading of India's debt rating by an international rating agency could have an adverse impact on our business._** 

India’s sovereign debt rating could be downgraded due to various factors, including changes in tax or fiscal policy or decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves, which are outside our control. Any adverse revision to the rating of India's domestic or international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise 

43 

additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such funding is available. This could have an adverse effect on our business and future financial performance, its ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **8.** **_Significant differences exist between Indian GAAP and other accounting principles, such as IFRS, which may be material to investors' assessments of our financial condition._** 

Our audited financial statements as at and for the fiscal ended March 31, 2021 have been prepared in accordance with Ind AS and audited financial statements as at for the fiscal ended March 31, 2020, and March 31, 2019 have been prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the financial statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited. In addition, some of our competitors may not present their financial statements in accordance with Ind AS and their financial statements may not be directly comparable to ours, and therefore reliance should accordingly be limited. 

# **9.** **_Volatility in political, economic and social developments in India could adversely affect our business._** 

The central and state governments serve multiple roles in the Indian economy, including producers, consumers and regulators, which may have a significant influence on us. Economic liberalization policies have encouraged private investment in our industry and changes in these governmental policies could have a significant impact on the business and economic conditions in India, which in turn could adversely affect our business, future financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the leadership of India has undergone multiple changes since 1996. Any political instability in India may adversely affect the Indian securities markets in general, which could also adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. 

# **10.** **_Our business is dependent on the Indian economy._** 

The performance and growth of our business are necessarily dependent on economic conditions prevalent in India, which may be materially and adversely affected by political instability or regional conflicts, a general rise in interest rates, inflation, and economic slowdown elsewhere in the world or otherwise. 

There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. India’s economic growth is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Any continued or future slowdown in the Indian economy or a further increase in inflation could have a material adverse effect on the price of our raw materials and demand for our products and, as a result, on our business and financial results. 

The Indian financial market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly in emerging market in Asian countries. Financial turmoil in Asia, Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere in the world in recent years has affected the Indian economy. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. A loss in investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability, could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. 

# **11.** **_We may be adversely affected by future regulatory changes._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. Any significant changes in laws, regulations and rules, including relevant environment, fire laws, trade laws, licensing and permit requirements relating to our manufacturing units and operations might materially impact our 

44 

Company’s operations and financials. For details, see “Key Regulations and Policies” on page 126. We are also subject to corporate, taxation and other laws in effect in India, which require continued monitoring and compliance. These laws and regulations and the way in which they are implemented and enforced may change, and could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. There can be no assurance that future legislative or regulatory changes will not have any adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. 

# **12.** **_Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian law that limits our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely impact the market price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Furthermore, in accordance with the FDI Policy, read along with the press note 3 of 2020, dated April 17, 2020, issued by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade, Government of India, the FDI Policy has been recently amended to state that all foreign direct investments by entities incorporated in a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country will require prior approval of the Government of India and shall have to be in conformity with the applicable provisions of the FEMA. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. Further, this conversion is subject to the equity shares having been held on a repatriation basis and, either the security having been sold in compliance with the pricing guidelines or, the relevant regulatory approval having been obtained for the sale of equity shares and corresponding remittance of the sale proceeds. Further, in accordance with the FEMA Non-debt Instruments Rules and the FDI Policy, investments where the beneficial owner of the equity shares is situated in or is a citizen of a country which shares land border with India, can only be made through the Government approval route. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 298. Our ability to raise any foreign capital under the FDI route is therefore constrained by Indian law, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects. 

# **13.** **_Financial instability in Indian financial markets could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

The Indian financial market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly in Asian emerging market countries. Financial turmoil in global economy in recent years has affected the Indian economy. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors' reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. A loss in investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur again and could harm our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **14.** **_Civil disturbances, regional conflicts and other acts of violence in India and abroad may disrupt or otherwise adversely affect the Indian economy._** 

Certain events that are beyond the control of our Company, such as violence or war, including those involving India, the United Kingdom, the United States, members of the European Union or other countries, may adversely affect worldwide financial markets and could potentially lead to a severe economic recession, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and more generally, any of these events could lower confidence in India's economy. Southern Asia has, from time to time, experienced instances of civil unrest and political tensions and hostilities among neighbouring countries. Political tensions could create a perception that there is a risk of disruption of services provided by India-based companies, which could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance and price of the Equity Shares. Furthermore, if India were to be engaged in armed hostilities, particularly hostilities that are protracted or involve the threat or use of nuclear weapons, the Indian economy and consequently Company's operations might be 

45 

significantly affected _._ India has from time to time experienced social and civil unrest and hostilities, including riots, regional conflicts and other acts of violence. Events of this nature in the future could have an adverse effect on our ability to develop our business. As a result, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

# **15.** **_Economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries may cause the price of our Equity Shares to decline._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located in other countries, including India. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy, including the movement of exchange rates and interest rates in India. Negative economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficits, or a default on sovereign debt, in other emerging market countries may affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. 

# **16.** **_You may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of our Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Previously, any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares on or before March 31, 2018 on a stock exchange held for more than 12 months was not subject to longterm capital gains tax in India if Securities Transaction Tax (“STT”) was paid on the sale transaction and, additionally, as stipulated by the Finance Act, 2017, STT, had been paid at the time of acquisition of such equity shares on or after October 1, 2004, except in the case of such acquisitions of Equity Shares which are not subject to STT, as notified by the Central Government on June 5, 2017. However, the Finance Act, 2018, has introduced taxation on such long-term capital gains exceeding ₹100,000 arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while continuing to exempt the unrealised capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on such Equity Shares. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long-term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of STT, on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months.  STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. 

Further, any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short-term  capital  gains  tax  in  India.  Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

# **17.** **_Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and wide-spread as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

# **18.** **_QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the 

46 

date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or may cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

# **19.** **_We may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could in turn adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, as amended (the “ **Competition Act** ”), regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India. Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition is considered void and may result in the imposition of substantial monetary penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or provision of services, shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner by way of allocation of geographical area, type of goods or services or number of customers in the relevant market or in any other similar way or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. If it is proved that the contravention committed by a company took place with the consent or connivance or is attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other officer of such company, that person shall be also guilty of the contravention and may be punished. 

On March 4, 2011, the GoI issued and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to and pre-approved by the Competition Commission of India (the “ **CCI** ”). Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued the Competition Commission of India (Procedure in regard to the transaction of business relating to combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. The Competition Act aims to, among other things, prohibit all agreements and transactions, which may have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. Further, the CCI has extraterritorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. 

The applicability or interpretation of the Competition Act to any merger, amalgamation or acquisition proposed or undertaken by us, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by CCI for alleged violation of provisions of the Competition Act may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition or results of operation. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain approval for any future acquisitions on satisfactory terms, or at all. If we are affected directly or indirectly by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act or any proceedings initiated by the CCI or any other relevant authority (or any other claim by any other party under the Competition Act) or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution under the Competition Act, including by way of financial penalties, our reputation may also be materially and adversely affected. 

# **20.** **_Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us or our management._** 

We are incorporated under the laws of India and certain of our Directors and executive officers reside in India. Furthermore, all of our Company’s assets are located in India. As a result, you may be unable to: 

- effect service of process in jurisdictions outside India, including in the United States, upon our Company; or 

- enforce in Indian courts judgments obtained in courts of jurisdictions outside India against our Company, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of jurisdictions outside India. 

Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 and Section 44A of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908. India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, such as the United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong. In order to be enforceable, a judgment from a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the 

47 

Indian Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (“CPC”). The CPC only permits the enforcement and execution of monetary decrees in the reciprocating jurisdiction, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. 

The party in whose favour a final foreign judgment in a non-reciprocating territory is rendered may bring a fresh suit in a competent court in India based on the final judgment within three years of obtaining such final judgment. However, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with Indian public policy. 

# **21.** **_Once the Equity Shares are listed on the Stock Exchanges, there is no assurance that the Equity Shares will remain listed._** 

Although we currently intended that the Equity Shares will remain listed on the Stock Exchanges once they are listed, there is no guarantee of the continued listing of the Equity Shares. Among other factors, we may not continue to satisfy the listing requirements of the Stock Exchanges. Accordingly, Shareholders will not be able to sell their Equity Shares through trading on the Stock Exchanges if the Equity Shares are no longer listed on the Stock Exchanges. 

48 

