# **SECTION II - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, but also to the industry and segments in which we currently operate or propose to operate. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial, actually occur, our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could suffer, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. The risk factors set forth below are not exhaustive and do not purport to be complete or comprehensive in terms of all risk factors that may arise in connection with to our business or any decisions to purchase own or dispose of Equity Shares. This section addresses general risks associated with the industry in which we operate and specific risks associated with our Company.  To obtain a complete understanding of our Company, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “_ **_Our Business_** _”, “_ **_Industry Overview_** _” and “_ **_Management’s Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_** _” on pages 143, 101 and 266, respectively, as well as the financial, statistical and other information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision_ , _prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares. Unless otherwise stated, the financial information used in this section is derived from our Restated Financial Statements._ 

_Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries. This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For details, see “_ **_Forward-Looking Statements_** _” on page 16._ 

_Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section._ 

# **_Internal Risk Factors_** 

# **_Risks Relating to our Business_** 

**_1. The continuing effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted._** 

In late calendar 2019, COVID-19, commonly known as “novel coronavirus” was first reported in Wuhan, China. Since then, the virus has progressively spread globally to many countries. The World Health Organization declared the COVID-19 outbreak as a health emergency of international concern on January 30, 2020 and thereafter categorised the outbreak as a pandemic on March 11, 2020. 

In order to contain the spread of COVID-19 virus, the Government of India initially announced a 21-day lockdown on March 24, 2020, which, after being subject to successive extensions, is being relaxed currently. During the duration of the lockdown, there were several restrictions in place including travel restrictions and directive to all citizens to not move out of their respective houses unless essential. Whilst the lockdown required private, commercial and industrial establishments to remain closed, manufacturing units of essential commodities were permitted to be functional. Since certain of our products such as sanitizers and disinfectants were categorised as essential items, manufacturing at our Silvassa facility was not shut down. However, during the initial stages of the lockdown our business operations were temporarily disrupted and we faced limited availability of labour, supply chain constraints and logistical problems, thereby causing our Silvassa facility to operate at a sub-optimal capacity in the month of April 2020. We also faced limitation on transportation of our products from our manufacturing facility at Silvassa and the operation of our offices and branches were also adversely affected amidst the lockdown and public transport restrictions. Due to the rising number of infected cases of COVID-19 in the country, there is no certainty if additional restrictions will be put back in place or if another lockdown would be re-imposed to control the spread of the pandemic. We cannot assure you that we may not face any difficulty in our operations due to such restrictions and such 

24 

prolonged instances of lockdown may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, our ability to ensure the safety of our workforce and continuity of operations while confirming with measures implemented by the central and state governments in relation to the health and safety of our employees may result in increased costs. In the event a member or members of our senior management team contract COVID-19, it may potentially affect our operations. Further, in the event any of our employees contract COVID-19, we may be required to quarantine our employees and shut down a part of or the entire manufacturing facility or our offices and branches, as necessary. Risks arising on account of COVID-19 can also threaten the safe operation of our facility, offices, loss of life, injuries and impact the well-being of our employees. 

The ultimate impact will depend on a number of factors, many of which are outside our control. These factors include the duration, severity and scope of the pandemic, the impact of the pandemic on economic activity in India and globally, the eventual level of infections in India or in the regions in which we operate, and the impact of any actions taken by governmental bodies or health organisations (whether mandatory or advisory) to combat the spread of the virus. These risks could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, while we have seen a higher demand of hygiene products, there is significant uncertainty on the impact of COVID-19 on global and Indian economy and we may not be able to accurately predict its near term or long term impact on our business. To the extent that the COVID19 pandemic adversely affects our business and operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this “Risk Factors” section. 

**_2. Our Company is reliant on the demand from the textile industry for a significant portion of our revenue. Any downturn in the textile industry or an inability to increase or effectively manage our sales could have an adverse impact on our Company’s business and results of operations._** 

We are the largest manufacturer of textile specialty chemicals in India ( _Source: F&S Report_ ) and our business and financial performance is significantly dependent on sale of specialty chemicals to Indian textile manufacturers and export of our specialty chemicals to textile manufacturers in Bangladesh, Vietnam, and other global markets. In Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018 revenue from sale of TSC products represented 43.71%, 52.13% and 71.54% respectively, of our revenue from operations. As a result of our dependence on the textile industry, our sales volumes, profitability and liquidity are closely tied to the demand for textiles in India and globally and a slowdown in the textile industry may result in a reduction in the volume of our textile chemicals business, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Due to COVID-19 pandemic, there may be have been a temporary reduction in demand for textiles in India and globally and there may have been an overall slowdown in the industry. Further, such pandemic situations may also arise in the future and that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The textile industry is cyclical in nature and is sensitive to general economic conditions and factors such as consumer demand, consumer confidence, inflation, employment, disposable income levels and demographic trends. Further, according to the F&S Report, 75.5 % of the textile market in India is the unorganized segment, which tends to be highly price sensitive. Due to the large unbranded textile segment in India, the textile specialty chemical market in India is fragmented and largely unorganized and comprises a total of 500 large and small manufacturers in India ( _Source: F&S Report_ ). As a result of the fragmentation, the textile specialty chemical industry in India is very cost competitive and a number of textile chemicals have become commoditized. While we focus on eco-friendly and sustainable chemicals for the entire value-chain of the textile industry (except dyes), we cannot assure you that in the event of a slowdown in the textile industry our customers will not opt for cheaper alternatives offered by our competitors. These and other factors may negatively contribute to changes in the prices of and demand for our textile chemical products in India and may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_3. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from a few major institutional customers in our TSC and HPPC product categories. Any loss of our major customers or a reduction in their demand for our products could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

25 

A majority of our revenue from operations is from sales to our institutional customers in the TSC and HPPC product categories. Revenue from sale of HPPC and TSC products cumulatively constituted 90.52%, 90.00%, and 90.17% of our revenue from operations for Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, within which we depend on a limited number of customers for a significant portion of our revenues. Revenue from our top five customers across product categories constituted 43.95% of our revenue from operations for Fiscal 2020. Revenue from our top 10 customers across product categories constituted 53.72% of our revenue from operations for Fiscal 2020. 

Reliance on a limited number of customers for our business may generally involve several risks. These risks may include, but are not limited to, reduction, delay or cancellation of orders from our significant customers, failure to negotiate favourable terms with our key customer, the loss of these customers, all of which would have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and future prospects of our Company. Further, there is no guarantee that we will retain the business of our existing key customers or maintain the current level of business with each of these customers. In order to retain some of our existing customers, we may  also  be  required  to  offer  terms  to  such  customers  which we  may  place  restraints  on  our  resources. Additionally, our revenues may be adversely affected if there is an adverse change in any of our customers’ supply chain strategies or a reduction in their outsourcing of products we offer, or if our customers decide to choose our competitors over us or if there is a significant reduction in the volume of our business with such customers. 

We enjoy relationships in excess of five years with 12 out of our top 15 customers. Maintaining strong relationships with our key customers is, therefore, essential to our business strategy and to the growth of our business. Some of our customers may place demands on our resources or may require us to undertake additional obligations which have the effect  of  increasing  our  operating  costs  and  therefore  affect  our profitability. Further, a decline in our customers’ business performance may lead to a corresponding decrease in demand for our products. Consequently, the loss of any existing key customer and our inability to acquire new customers, may significantly affect our revenues, and we may have difficulty securing comparable levels of business from other customers or secure new customers to offset any loss of revenue from the loss of any of our existing key customers. As a consequence of our reliance on such customers, any adverse change in the financial condition  of these  customers may  also  have  an  adverse  effect  on  our  business, financial  condition,  results  of operations, cash flows and future benefits. 

Furthermore, we typically do not have firm commitment in the form of long-term supply agreements with our key customers and instead rely on purchase orders to govern the volume and other terms of our sales of products. For further details see “ **_We do not have any long term agreements with most of our customers, and the loss of one or more of them or a reduction in their demand for our products could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows”_** on page 29. Consequently, there is no commitment on the part of our key customers to continue to place new purchase orders with us and as a result, our cash flow and consequent revenue may fluctuate significantly from time to time. Further, we may not find any other customers for the surplus or excess capacity, in which case we may be forced to incur a loss. 

**_4. Our manufacturing facility situated in Silvassa is critical for our business and any disturbance, slowdown or shutdown of our Silvassa Manufacturing Facility, may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial conditions._** 

We currently conduct our operations through our sole manufacturing facility located in Silvassa. This facility has an installed capacity of 120,000 MTPA. Our business is dependent on our ability to effectively manage our manufacturing facility, which is subject to various operating risks, including those beyond our control, such as the breakdown and failure of equipment or industrial accidents and natural disasters. The recent outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic initially resulted in limited availability of labour, logistics and supply chain constraints due to which the manufacturing facility was operating at sub-optimal capacity utilization in the month of April. We depend on heavy and expensive machinery for manufacture of our products which are susceptible to damage due to the flammable, toxic and corrosive properties of certain chemicals used during the manufacturing process and any significant malfunction, breakdown and damage of our machinery may entail high repair and maintenance costs and cause delays in our operations. If we are unable to repair malfunctioning machinery in a timely manner or at all, our operations may need to be suspended until we procure machinery to replace them, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, we may be required to carry out planned shutdowns of our facility for maintenance, statutory inspections and testing, or may shut down our facility for capacity expansion and equipment upgrades. We 

26 

may also face protests from local citizens at our existing manufacturing facility or while setting up new facilities, which may delay or halt our operations. Further, our Silvassa Manufacturing Facility is strategically located close to some of our customers’ facilities, which plays a significant role in aiding and nurturing a strong relationship with our customers. However, any of such customers may choose to relocate to a new location for business operations or there may be a disruption in the manufacturing operations of such customers in which case, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Our operations also require a significant amount and continuous supply of electricity, fuel, and water and any shortage or non-availability of such utilities may adversely affect our operations. Production of specialty chemicals, especially textile chemicals, requires large amount of water at various stages of processing. Further, certain chemicals used in our production process are required to be stored at specific temperatures, supported by continuous supply of electricity. Any interruption in the continuous supply of water and electricity may negatively impact the properties of such chemicals and adversely affect the quality of the final product manufactured by us, which may result in delays in delivery of our products or non-delivery, resulting in loss of revenue and damage to our reputation or customer relationship. A prolonged interruption of water or electricity supply can also result in production slowdown or shutdowns, increased costs associated with restarting production and the loss of production in progress. 

Our operations expose our work force to work under potentially dangerous circumstances, with highly toxic, flammable and explosive chemicals. Despite compliance with requisite safety requirements and standards, our operations are subject to hazards associated with handling of such dangerous materials. If improperly handled or subjected to unsuitable conditions, these materials could hurt our employees or other persons, including resulting in death of such employees/ persons, cause damage to our properties as well as properties of others or harm the environment. In the past, there have been certain instances of injuries to our employees while handling such dangerous materials. For example, in 2014, we had a fatal accident at our Silvassa Manufacturing Facility, involving one of the contract workers engaged by us. Due to the nature of these materials, we may also be liable for certain costs related to injuries and/ or death arising from occupational exposure to hazardous materials, claims and litigation from current or former employees for such injuries or other hazards at our facility. Any incident or accidents could subject us to significant disruption in our business, legal and regulatory actions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_5. We are subject to strict technical specifications, quality requirements, regular inspections and audits by our institutional customers. Our failure to comply with the quality standards and technical specifications prescribed by such customers may lead to loss of business from such customers and could negatively impact our reputation, which would have an adverse impact on our business prospectus and results of operations._** 

We primarily specialize in manufacture and supply of specialty chemicals and industrial enzymes to our institutional customers based on the technical specifications provided by them. Our products are used by our customers as raw material for a number of home and personal care products, including, soaps and detergents. Given the nature of our products and the sector in which we operate, our customers have high and exacting standards for product quality as well as delivery schedules. Adherence to quality standards is a critical factor in our manufacturing process as any defects in the products manufactured by our Company or failure to comply with the technical specifications of our customers may lead to cancellation of the orders placed by our customers. 

Further, any failure to make timely deliveries of products in the desired quantity as per our customers’ requirements could also result in the cancellation of orders placed by our customers and may adversely affect our reputation and goodwill. Additionally, prior to placing the orders, there is a detailed audit and review process that is undertaken by certain customers. This may involve inspection of the manufacturing facility, review of the manufacturing processes, review of the raw materials, review of our financial capabilities, technical review of the specification of the proposed product, review of our logistical capabilities, and multiple inspections and reviews of prototypes of the product. The finished product delivered by us is further subject to laboratory validation by certain customers. As per the purchase arrangements with certain large institutional customers, in the event our products do not comply with the specification provided by our customers or if there is a recall of our products by us, our supplies may be rejected and we may also be required to reimburse our customer for any losses suffered as a result of our non-compliance. We are therefore subject to a stringent quality control mechanism at each stage of the manufacturing process and are 

27 

required to maintain the quality and precision level for each product. As a result, we are required to incur expenses to maintain our quality assurance systems such as periodic checking by the operators to ensure there is no defect from the previous stage operator, forming a separate team of engineers responsible for quality and assurance both in the manufacturing facility  and machineries, and in the manufacturing processes. We will continue to spend a portion of our future revenues to manage our product quality and to maintain our quality control, a failure of which may negatively impact our profitability. 

# **_6. Increase in the cost of raw materials as a percentage of our revenue could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial conditions._** 

Our largest expense is our cost of raw materials. Our primary raw materials are acrylic acid, surfactants and silicone oil. Our cost of materials consumed represented 61.53%, 68.81% and 65.73% of our revenue from operations for Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. We do not have long term agreements with any of our raw material suppliers and we acquire such raw materials pursuant to our purchase orders from suppliers as a result of which, we are required to forecast our supply and demand. Our inability to correctly forecast demand and supply may have a material adverse impact on our working capital, our business and our results of operations. 

Raw material supply and pricing can be volatile due to a number of factors beyond our control, including demand and supply, general economic and political conditions, transportation and labour costs, natural disasters, pandemics, competition and there are inherent uncertainties in estimating such variables, regardless of the methodologies and assumptions that we may use. Further, discontinuation of such supply or a failure of these suppliers to adhere to the delivery schedule or the required quality could hamper our production schedule and therefore affect our business and results of operations. There can be no assurance that demand, capacity limitations or other problems experienced by our suppliers will not result in occasional shortages or delays in their supply of raw materials. If we were to experience a significant or prolonged shortage of raw materials from any of our suppliers, and we cannot procure the raw materials from other sources, we would be unable to meet our production schedules for our key products and to deliver such products to our customers in a timely manner, which would adversely affect our sales, margins and customer relations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that we will be able to procure adequate supplies of raw materials in the future, as and when we need them and on commercially acceptable terms. 

Certain of our raw materials also include derivatives of crude oil, such as acrylic acid. The price of some of our raw materials is linked to a formula based on the international prices of crude oil. The price of crude oil globally has been volatile and increases in crude prices would have an impact on our cost of production. Resultant increases in costs of production, in order to remain profitable, could affect the volumes sold and consequently, would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, the price of our product is generally fixed at the time the purchase order is issued to us by our customer and therefore we may not be able to pass on an increase in raw material to our customers. We have also agreed to supply binding supply volumes under purchase arrangements with certain large institutional customers, which restricts our ability to reject certain volumes demanded by such customers. To the extent that we are unable to successfully manage related risks and secure adequate supplies of raw materials on commercially reasonable terms or to pass on price increases to our customers, our profitability may be adversely impacted. 

**_7. Our success depends on our ability to develop and commercialize new products in a timely manner. If our research and development efforts do not succeed, the introduction of new products may be hindered, which could adversely impact our business, growth and financial condition._** 

In  order  to  remain  competitive,  we  must  develop,  test  and  manufacture  new  products,  which  must meet the technical specifications and quality standards of our customers. We continuously seek to identify changing trends and introduce innovative products to value add and improve the functionality and properties of the products manufactured by our customers.  To accomplish  this,  we  commit  substantial effort,  funds and  other  resources  towards  our  R&D  activities  and  we  have  set- up  a  dedicated  R&D  centre  at our Silvassa Manufacturing Facility and another one in Mumbai. Our Company spent ₹ 97.66  million, ₹ 67.91 million and ₹ 85.14 million towards R&D activities during Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 

R&D in the specialty chemicals and industrial enzymes industry is expensive and prolonged and entails considerable uncertainty as to its returns and results. Our ongoing investments in new product launches and 

28 

R&D  for  future  products  could  result  in  higher  costs  without a proportionate increase in revenues. The process of developing new products takes us significant amount of time and investment from discovery through testing to initial product launch. There can be no assurance that our expenditure on R&D activities will yield proportionate results of substantial commercial value or commercially viable products may be developed or launched as a result of such R&D activities. 

Before we can commercialize a new product, we must also simultaneously scale up our production and distribution networks to increase or change our production capacity. Our ability to successfully introduce a new and innovative products also depends on our ability to adapt and invest in new technologies. There can be no assurance that we will be able to scale up our production and distribution network, or make timely investments in technological improvements in order to commercialize new products in a timely manner. Further, research undertaken by competitors may lead to the launch of competing or improved products. Failure to predict and respond effectively to this competition could render our existing, new or candidate products less competitive in terms of price and quality. Delays or failure in developing new or commercially viable products could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_8. Our commercial success depends on the success of our customer’s products with end consumers. Any decline in the demand for our customer’s products would adversely impact the demand for our products._** 

Our products are used by our customers as raw materials in the production of textiles, soaps and detergents, paint and coatings and other specialty applications. Our commercial success also depends to a large extent on the success of our customers’ products with end consumers. The success of the end products manufactured by our customers depends on our customers’ ability to identify early on, and correctly assess consumer market preferences. We cannot assure you that our customers will correctly assess consumer preferences in a timely manner or that demand for goods in which our products are used will not decline. If the demand for the products in which our products are used declines, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_9. We do not have any long term agreements with most of our customers, and the loss of one or more of them or a reduction in their demand for our products could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We typically do not have firm commitment long-term supply agreements with most our customers and instead rely on short term purchase orders to govern the volume and other terms of our sales of products, from our customers. The purchase orders we receive from our customers specify a price per unit, delivery schedule, and the quantities to be delivered, however, such orders may be amended or cancelled prior to finalisation, and should such an amendment or cancellation take place, it may adversely impact our revenue and production schedules. 

In certain cases, we enter into framework agreements with our customers, which govern the terms of supply of our products. While the terms of these framework agreements do not specify the quantity and the price of the orders (which are governed by the individual purchase orders), the framework agreements do specify, among other things, the delivery terms, product quality guidelines, quality control mechanism, guidelines on using trademarks, penalties for delay and product liability related provisions. While the framework agreements have a fixed term, the terms of these agreements usually allow our customers to terminate these agreements by providing a prior written notice. If we are not able to comply with the terms and conditions of the framework agreements, our customer may terminate these framework agreements, which may impact on supplies and adversely impact our revenue. 

Additionally, certain customers have high and stringent standards for product quantity and quality as well as delivery schedules. Any failure to meet our customers’ expectations and specifications could result in the cancellation or non-renewal of contracts or purchase orders. There are also a number of factors, other than our performance that could cause the loss of a customer. Customers may demand, among others, price reductions, setoff any payment obligations, require indemnification for themselves or their affiliates, change their outsourcing strategy by moving more work in-house, or replace their existing products with alternative products, any of which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Accordingly, we face the risk that our customers might not place any order or might place orders of lesser than expected size or may even cancel existing orders or make change in their policies which may result in 

29 

reduced quantities being manufactured by us. Cancellations, reductions or instructions to delay production (thereby delaying delivery of products manufactured by us) by a significant customer could adversely affect our results of operations by reducing our sales volume, as well as by possibly causing delay in our customers’ paying us for the order placed for purchasing the inventory with us which we would have manufactured for them. We may not find any customers or purchasers for the surplus or excess capacity, in which case we would be forced to incur a loss. 

In addition, we make significant decisions, including determining the levels of business that we will seek and accept, production schedules, personnel requirements and other resource requirements, based on our estimates of customer orders. The changes in demand for their products (which are in turn manufactured by us) could reduce our ability to estimate accurately future customer requirements, make it difficult to schedule production and limit our ability to maximize utilization of our manufacturing capacity. The requirements of our customers are not restricted to one type of product and therefore variations in demand for certain types of products also requires us to make certain changes in our manufacturing processes thereby affecting our production schedules. We often increase staffing, increase capacity and incur other expenses to meet the anticipated demand of our customers, which could cause reductions in our margins if an order gets delayed or cancelled or modified. 

**_10. Our business depends on our ability to protect our patents, trademarks, our technical know-how and trade secrets against third parties. Our ability to compete effectively will be impaired if we fail to protect our brand, technical know-how and trade secrets._** 

Our success depends on our ability to protect our patents, trademarks, technical know-how and trade secrets in respect to our formulations and processes. While, we have received one patent and 28 trademark registrations and applied for 24 trademark registrations, we primarily rely on trade secrets to protect proprietary formulations, which do not require us to publicly file information regarding such trade secrets. However, our trade secrets may become known or independently developed by our competitors, and in such cases, we may no longer enjoy the exclusive use of some of our formulations or maintain the confidentiality of information relating to our products. For further details on our patent and trademark registrations, please see “ **_Government and Other Approvals_** ” on page 301. 

We also rely on technical knowledge, product information, industry data, manufacturing expertise and market “know how” that cannot be registered and is not subject to any confidentiality or nondisclosure clauses or agreements. If such know-how is leaked to third parties, this could erode our competitive advantage. 

We cannot guarantee that we will be successfully able to protect our technical know-how and trade secrets. Additionally, we may face claims that we are infringing the intellectual property rights of others. If we are subject to any adverse rulings or decisions, our manufacture and sale of such products could be significantly restricted or prohibited and we may be required to pay substantial damages or on-going licensing fees. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_11. Our distribution network is vital to our business and our inability to expand or effectively manage our distribution network would lead to an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We rely to a significant extent on the relationships we have with our third-party distribution partners, as they play a significant role in enhancing customer awareness of our products and maintaining our brand name. Our pan-India distribution network has over 204 distributors as on May 31, 2020. We primarily sell our home, personal care and performance chemicals; and textile specialty chemicals in a business-to-business model through our distributors to our customers in FMCG and apparel industries, respectively; and we sell our animal health and nutrition products to retailers through distributors. We may not be able to effectively manage our existing distribution network as we do not have any long-term contracts with any of our distribution partners. In addition, although we provide certain incentive schemes to our distribution partners, we may not be able to effectively implement them across our network. If our competitors provide more favourable incentives to our distributors, such distributors may be persuaded to decline distribution of our products and promote the products of our competitors instead and we may be unable to appoint replacement distribution partners in a timely manner, or at all. 

30 

Our competitors may adopt innovative distribution models which are more effective than traditional distribution models, resulting in a reduction in the sales of our products. We may also face disruptions in the delivery of our products for various reasons beyond our control, including poor handling by our distributors of our products, transportation bottlenecks, natural disasters and labour issues, which could lead to delayed or lost deliveries. In addition, any failure to provide distribution partners with sufficient inventories of our products may lead to a reduction in the sales of our products. 

We seek to increase the penetration of our products by expanding our distributor network targeted at different customer groups and geographies. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully identify or appoint new distribution partners. Our competitors may have exclusive arrangements with certain distributors who may be unable to stock and distribute our products, which may limit our ability to expand our distribution network as we typically do not have exclusive arrangements with our distributors. If we are unable to effectively manage our distribution network, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

**_12. As part of our growth strategy, we are in the process of establishing a manufacturing facility at the Dahej. Implementation risks along with possible time or cost overruns could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

We are in the process of establishing our new manufacturing unit at the Dahej, Gujarat. We estimate that our Dahej Manufacturing Facility will achieve commercial operation by Fiscal 2021. For further details of our Dahej Manufacturing Facility, see “ **_Our Business_** ” on page 143. The proposed completion time of our Dahej Manufacturing Facility is based on management estimates and in the event such estimates prove to be incorrect, our business plans and consequent results of operations may be adversely affected. Moreover, our Dahej Manufacturing Facility is exposed to implementation risks especially in the current times due to COVID-19 and the extent of its continuation, which may arise as a result of, among other reasons, delay in supply of equipment, performance of external agencies, which are responsible for construction of buildings, installation and commissioning of plant and machinery and supply and testing of equipment, unanticipated cost increases, inability in obtaining government approvals or other environmental clearances, in a timely manner or at all, and force majeure events, the occurrence of any of which could give rise to cost and/ or time overruns or abandonment of our Dahej Manufacturing Facility. We are unable to assure you that the performance of external agencies will meet the required specifications or performance parameters in a timely manner or at all, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Further, our decision to undertake the Dahej Manufacturing Facility is based on our understanding of the demand in the markets of the products that we manufacture and operate in, globally and in India. In the event our estimates prove to be incorrect or in the event we are unable to operate the under construction manufacturing facility successfully, our investment in the Dahej Manufacturing Facility would suffer and so would our results of operations. 

# **_13. We are subject to risks associated with our strategic partnership with Buzil._** 

Our Company has entered into joint venture in India with BUZIL-WERK Wagner GmbH & Co. KG (“ **Buzil** ”), in relation to, among other things, our institutional cleaning business. While our Company owns controlling interest in Buzil Rossari, the terms of the joint venture provide Buzil with certain contractual rights in relation to the business and operations of Buzil Rossari. Accordingly, we need the cooperation and consent of Buzil in connection with the operations of Buzil Rossari, which may not always be forthcoming and we may not always be successful at managing our relationships with Buzil. For further details on the joint venture agreement, see “ **_History and Certain Corporate Matters – Other Material Agreements_** ” on page 173. There are certain risks associated in operating with a joint venture partner, including, but not limited to, the risk that our joint venture partner may: 

- have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our interests and goals; 

- exercise veto rights in relation to our proposals in respect of joint venture operations and future financing requirements; 

- be unable or unwilling to fulfil their obligations under the joint venture agreement and have disputes with us or terminate the joint venture agreement; 

- take actions contrary to our instructions or requests or contrary to a joint ventures company’s policies and objectives; 

31 

- take actions that are not acceptable to regulatory authorities or are not in compliance with applicable law; or 

- experience financial or other difficulties. 

In relation to Buzil Rossari, Buzil has a right to veto certain decisions that affect its rights as shareholders or its investment and also has the right to nominate two out of four directors on the board of directors of Buzil Rossari. Any disputes resulting from the exercise of such rights or leading to deadlock could cause delays and/or curtail the business or operations of Buzil Rossari. 

Further, we may not be able to enforce our rights under the Joint Venture Agreement in the event the Joint Venture Agreement is inadequately stamped.  Additionally, the Joint Venture Agreement may not be accepted as evidence in a court of law and we may be required to pay penalties for inadequate stamp duty. 

Further, pursuant to the Technology License Agreement, our Company has been granted an exclusive, nontransferable right and license by Buzil to use its patents, trademarks, technology and technical know-how within India. However, the terms of the technology transfer and service agreement provide for termination of the agreement by either party by providing a prior written of 120 days or in the event there is a material breach of the agreement or if we infringe on Buzil’s intellectual property.  We may not be able to access such technology, intellectual property and know-how in the event of any discontinuation, disruption, termination or breach of the arrangement we have in place with Buzil, resulting in an adverse impact on our business and financial condition. 

There can be no assurance that we will always be successful at managing our strategic partnership with Buzil. In the event any risks in relation to our relationship with Buzil materialize, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_14. We may not be able to successfully grow our new product categories, which may result in an adverse impact on our business prospects and results of operations._** 

As part of our growth strategy, we have also introduced additional products in our pet grooming and pet treats product sub-category, which are relatively new to our portfolio. We started the pet grooming product sub-category pursuant to our acquisition of the ‘ _Lozalo_ ’ brand, related trademarks and intellectual property in Fiscal 2019. Further, we have also launched new products in the pet food and pet treats product subcategories in Fiscal 2019. We have limited or no experience in some of the recently launched products in the pet grooming and pet treats product sub-categories, which are targeted at a completely different customer product category. Further, while our expertise has been in supply of specialty chemicals and industrial enzymes to institutional customers following a business-to-business or a business-to-business-to-consumer model for our home, personal care and performance chemicals, and textile specialty chemicals product categories, through our foray in the pet grooming and pet treats product sub-categories we are targeting on making direct sales to the end consumer in the business-to-customer segment, which has not been our traditional strength. Factors such as competition, customer requirements and regulatory regimes in the pet grooming and pet treats product sub-categories is different from our other product categories, and our experience in the TSC and HPPC product categories may not be applicable to these new product subcategories. Our current strategy is to gain market share in the pet grooming and pet treats product subcategory, however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to successfully implement our strategy. 

Further, the process of launching new businesses requires that we make long-term investments and commit significant resources before knowing whether these investments will eventually result in businesses that achieve customer acceptance and generate the revenues required to provide desired returns. Since, we are targeting direct sales to the end consumer with our products in the pet grooming and pet treats product subcategories, we will be required to undertake significant expenses for marketing our products and brand building. We may experience difficulties that could delay or hinder the successful development, introduction and marketing of the products in our new product categories and sub-categories. We can give no assurance that we will be able to achieve the business performance, growth and profitability which we expect from our relatively new product categories and sub- categories. Further, our products in the new product subcategories may not generate sufficient demands in the market, which may result in an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

32 

**_15. Our failure in maintaining our quality accreditations and certifications may negatively impact our brand and reputation._** 

The specialty chemicals manufacturing industry is generally hazardous in nature. However, we focus on manufacturing chemicals that are eco-friendly and sustainable and help our customers to reduce their carbon footprint and the overall impact on the environment in a cost efficient manner. We have continuously focused on manufacturing a wide range of eco-friendly sustainable products including Greenacid, Greensoda, Bioclay (a clay based product), Greenhydro 400 Pdr, Greenboost. We have received a number of quality assurance certifications and accreditations which have certified that our research, development, manufacturing and supply of specialty chemicals and eco-friendly and bio-degradable products are in compliance with globally accepted manufacturing practices and quality standards. For instance, we have received certifications for compliance with ISO 14001:2015 (registration for environmental management system ), ISO 45001:2018 (occupational health and safety management system) , ISO 14045:2012 (approval for eco-efficiency assessment of the product system), ISO 22000:2018 (food safety management system), HACCP Certificate, WHO GMP Certificate and ISO 9001:2015 (registration for quality management system). For further details see “ **_Government and Other Approvals_** ” on page 301. If we and our manufacturing facility are unable to renew the WHO-GMP and ISO accreditations, our brand and reputation could be adversely affected. Any significant damage to our reputation and/or brand caused by being denied such accreditations and certifications could have a material adverse effect on our ability to attract new and repeat customers and, as a result, adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 

**_16. We are exposed to the risk of losing market share to cheaper imports from other countries which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We operate in a globally competitive industry and face competition from specialty chemicals manufacturers from other countries as well as from imports from low cost manufacturing destinations. Some of our global competitors may have certain advantages, including low cost labour, greater financial resources, technology, research and development capability, greater market penetration and operations in India and product portfolios, which may allow our competitors to offer their products competing with ours in terms of price and quality. There is no assurance that we will remain competitive and be able to match the low cost imports from other countries. Accordingly, we may not be able to compete effectively with our global competitors across our product portfolio, which may lead to our customers preferring to opt for such competitors over us, thereby having an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 

**_17. Our growth strategy includes evaluating opportunities for strategic investments and acquisitions. If we are unable to successfully identify and integrate acquisitions, our growth strategy, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected._** 

We may rely on inorganic growth as a key part of our growth strategy, particularly as an enabler of growing our business in the TSC and HPPC product categories. We may evaluate opportunities for alliances, collaborations, partnerships, investments and acquisitions that meet our strategic and financial return criteria, and to strengthen our portfolio of product. We may face several risks in relation to entering into strategic partnerships and acquisitions in the future, including, but not limited to, the following: 

- we may be unable to identify suitable acquisition or investment targets; 

- we may be unable to arrange for adequate financing on commercially reasonable terms or to negotiate commercially reasonable terms for such acquisitions or investments, or we may incur higher than anticipated costs in relation to proposed strategic transactions; 

- our due diligence processes may fail to identify all the risks, liabilities and challenges in relation to proposed strategic transactions; 

- we may not be able to achieve the strategic purpose of our proposed acquisitions, investments, alliances, collaborations or partnerships; 

- we may face difficulties in integrating acquired entities’ accounting, management information, human resources and other administrative systems with our own; 

- our management may be distracted or strained by the challenges posed by strategic transactions, or related transition and integration activities; 

- we may fail to maintain the quality and consistency or sustain compliance and due performance of contractual obligations by our business partners or acquisition targets; 

33 

- our relationships with our current and new employees, distributors, dealers, customers and business partners may be strained or impaired, as a result of our inability to successfully integrate an acquisition target; and 

- we may inherit claims or  liabilities, as a result of a strategic acquisition, including claims from erstwhile employees, distributors, dealers, customers, business partners or other third parties. 

Accordingly, we cannot assure you that our future alliances, collaborations, partnerships, investments or acquisitions will prove value accretive to us. In the event that any of the risks discussed above, or any other incidental risks should materialize, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 

**_18. Our ability to accurately forecast demand and manage our inventory or working capital balances may have an adverse impact on our business, market position and result of operations._** 

We evaluate our inventory balances of materials based on shelf life, expected sourcing levels, known uses and anticipated demand based on forecasted customer order activity and changes in our product sales mix. Efficient inventory management is a key component of the success of our business, results of operations and profitability. To be successful, we must maintain sufficient inventory levels and an appropriate product sales mix to meet our customers’ demands, without allowing those levels to increase to such an extent that the costs associated with storing and holding other inventory adversely affects our results of operations. If our raw materials purchase decisions do not accurately predict sourcing levels, customer trends or our expectations about customer needs are inaccurate, we may have to take unanticipated markdowns or impairment charges to dispose of the excess or obsolete inventory, which can adversely affect our results of operations _._ Our working capital requirements may also increase if payment terms shift payments on completion of delivery or otherwise increase our working capital burdens. In addition, our working capital requirements have increased in recent years due to the general growth of our business. If a customer defaults in making its payment on a product to which we have devoted significant resources, it may also affect our profitability and liquidity and decrease the capital resources that are otherwise available for other uses. All of these factors may result, or have resulted, in increases in our working capital requirements. If we are unable to finance our working capital needs, or secure other financing when needed, on acceptable commercial terms or at all, it may adversely affect our business, growth prospects and results of operations. 

**_19. Our success depends on our ability to retain and attract technical personnel and various other professionals. If we are not able to retain them or recruit additional qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully develop our business._** 

Our success depends in part on our ability to retain and attract additional skilled employees, particularly our research scientists and skilled equipment operators. Without a sufficient number of skilled employees, our operations and manufacturing quality could suffer. Our ability to successfully carry out research and development depends on our ability to attract and retain skilled research scientists and equipment operators. We have a dedicated team of 22 employees in our R&D facilities situated within the Silvassa Manufacturing Facility and another one in Mumbai. Our experienced sales team has also developed a number of meaningful customer relationships that would be difficult to replace. 

Competition for qualified technical personnel and operators as well as sales personnel with established customer relationships is intense, both in retaining our existing employees and when replacing or finding additional suitable employees.  Further, as we are in the process of setting up our Dahej Manufacturing Facility, we may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting suitable employees. Any failure to retain and attract additional skilled research scientists, equipment operators or sales personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_20. We are subject to extensive government regulation and if we fail to obtain, maintain or renew our statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals required to operate our business, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

Our operations are subject to extensive government regulation and we are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules in the geographies in which we operate, generally for carrying out our business and for our manufacturing 

34 

facilities. For details of approvals relating to our business and operations, see “ **_Government and Other Approvals_** ” on page 301. 

A majority of these approvals are granted for a limited duration. Some of these approvals have expired and we have either made or are in the process of making an application for obtaining the approval for its renewal. One of our business related license has expired and we have made a renewal application for the same. Further, some of the registration certificates of our subsidiary, Rossari Personal Care are under its erstwhile name, Neutron Impex Private Limited, and accordingly, our Subsidiary is in the process of filing applications for transfer of its name under the relevant registration certificates. For details of pending approvals, see “ **_Government and Other Approvals - Material Approvals that have expired and for which renewal applications have been made_** ” on page 303. Further, while we have applied for some of these approvals, we cannot assure you that such approvals will be issued,  renewed or granted to us in a timely manner, or at all. If we do not receive such approvals or are not able to renew the approvals in a timely manner, our business and operations may be adversely affected. 

The approvals required by us are subject to numerous conditions and we cannot assure you that these would not be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged noncompliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business. 

**_21. We operate in a competitive business environment. Competition from existing players and new entrants and consequent pricing pressure could have a material adverse impact on our prospects and results of operation._** 

The specialty chemicals and industrial enzyme industry is highly competitive. Competition in our business is based on pricing, relationships with customers, product quality, customisation and innovation. We expect that competition will continue to intensify both through the entry of new players and consolidation of existing players. Our competitors may succeed in developing products that are more effective, more popular or cheaper than any we may develop, which may render our products obsolete or uncompetitive and adversely affect our business and financial results. Some of our competitors may have greater financial resources, better distribution network, technical and marketing resources and generate greater revenues, and therefore may be able to respond better to market changes than we can. Further, our customers operate within the highly competitive textile and home and personal care industries, where they are constantly required to adapt to factors such as changing consumer preferences, consolidation and the entry of new regional and local players, and constantly exert downward pricing pressure. We may be adversely affected in case our customers are unable to effectively respond to any factors that adversely impact the competitive landscape of the textile and home and personal care industries. 

We believe that our ability to compete depends on a number of factors beyond our control, including the ability of our competitors to attract, train, motivate and retain highly skilled technical employees, the price at which our competitors offer comparable products and the extent of our competitor’s responsiveness to cutomers’ needs. Our inability to adequately address competitive pressures may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_22. If any of our products cause or are perceived to have caused side effects, our reputation, revenues and profitability could be adversely impacted._** 

We develop, manufacture and market a diverse range of specialty chemicals and industrial enzymes which are primarily used as raw materials for host of products in the textile, consumer-centric home and personal care and animal health and nutrition related businesses. If our customers’ products cause, or are perceived to cause, severe side effects to their end-users, we may face a number of consequences, including, a severe decrease in the demand for, and sales of, the relevant products, the recall or withdrawal of the relevant products, withdrawal or cancellation of regulatory approvals for our manufacturing facility, damage to our reputation and brand name and exposure to lawsuits and regulatory investigation relating to the relevant products that result in liabilities, fines or sanctions. As a result of these consequences, our reputation, revenues and profitability may be adversely affected. 

35 

**_23. We rely on third-party transportation providers for procurement of raw materials and for supply of our products and failure by any of our transportation providers could result in loss in sales._** 

   - We depend on road transportation to deliver our finished products to our customers. We rely exclusively on commercial vehicles and third-party transportation providers for procuring our raw materials as well as for distributing our products to our customers. This makes us dependent on various intermediaries such as domestic logistics companies and container freight station operators. Even though our Silvassa Manufacturing Facility is situated close to some of our customers’ premises, we cannot guarantee that there will not be any delay in transportation and delivery of our products to our customers particularly in light of the COVID-19 outbreak. Weather-related problems, strikes, or other events could impair our ability to procure raw materials from our suppliers or the ability of our suppliers to deliver raw materials to us which may in turn delay the process of manufacturing and supplying our products to our customers, leading to cancellation or non-renewal of purchase orders, and this could adversely affect the performance of our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

Additionally, if we lose one or more of our third-party transportation providers, we may not be able to obtain terms as favourable as those we receive from the third-party transportation providers that we currently use, which in turn would increase our costs and thereby adversely affect our operating results. Further, our thirdparty transportation providers do not carry any insurance coverage and therefore, any losses that may arise during the transportation process will have to be claimed under the Company’s insurance policy. There can be no assurance that we will receive compensation for any such claims in a timely manner or at all, and consequently, any such loss may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_24. If we are unable to sustain or manage our growth, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected._** 

We have experienced significant growth in the past three Fiscals. Our revenue from operations grew at a CAGR of 41.65% _,_ our EBITDA grew at a CAGR of 56.58% and our profit after tax has increased at a CAGR of 60.27% from Fiscal 2018 to Fiscal 2020. We cannot assure you that our growth strategy will continue to be successful or that we will be able to continue to expand further, or at the same rate. 

The success of our business will depend greatly on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategy. Our growth strategy involves setting up and commencement of our Dahej Manufacturing Facility in a timely manner, expansion of our current product portfolio across business segments, introducing sustainable products, expanding into new geographies, diversify into new geographies, achieving inorganic growth through strategic acquisitions and improving financial performance through operational efficiency. For further details, see the section titled “ **_Our Business – Our Strategies_** ” on page 150. Such a growth strategy will place significant demands on our management as well as our operating systems and require us to continuously evolve and improve our operational, financial and internal controls across our organization. In particular, continued expansion increases the challenges involved in: 

- making accurate assessments of the resources we will require; 

- acquiring new customers and increasing or maintaining contribution from existing customers; 

- procuring raw materials at cheap cost; 

- recruiting, training and retaining sufficient skilled management; 

- maintaining high levels of customer satisfaction; and 

- adhering to expected performance and quality standards. 

Many of these factors are beyond our control and there is no assurance that we will succeed in implementing our strategy. Our inability to implement or business strategy or effectively sustain and manage our growth could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial conditions. Further, as we scale-up and diversify our products, we may not be able to execute our operations efficiently, which may result in delays, increased costs and lower quality products. Our results of operations are dependent to a large extent on the demand for end-use FMCG products which contain our products. While the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic has positively impacted our sales by a higher demand for disinfectants and sanitizers at the end of  Fiscal 2020, we cannot assure you if we can continue to provide tailor made solutions for our customers or if our growth strategy will continue to be successful. Further, we cannot assure you that our future performance or growth strategy will be in line with our past performance or growth strategy. Our failure to manage our growth effectively may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

36 

**25.** **_Inability to successfully expand our business in international markets may affect our growth which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Expansion into new international markets is important to our long-term growth. Competing successfully in international markets requires additional management attention and resources to tailor our products to the unique aspects of each new country. In increasing our headcount and our revenue generated in foreign countries, we face various risks, including: 

- legal and regulatory restrictions and differences in various legal and regulatory jurisdictions in which we operate; 

- competition from existing players in such markets; 

- foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned in foreign countries; 

- political and economic instability; 

- challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences; 

- currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

- impact of calamities or pandemics globally; 

- potentially adverse tax consequences; and 

- higher costs associated with doing business internationally. 

These and other risks could adversely affect our international expansion and growth, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_26. We currently avail benefits under certain export promotion schemes. In order to continuously avail the benefits we are required to export goods of a defined amount. Any failure in meeting the obligations, may result in adversely affect our business operations and our financial condition._** 

We currently avail benefits under certain export promotion schemes which allow us duty free import of inputs used for manufacturing and availing customs duty drawbacks. As per the licensing requirement under the said schemes, we are bound by certain export obligations which require us to export goods of a defined amount, failing which, we may have to pay the Government, a sum equivalent to the duty benefit enjoyed by us under the said schemes along with interest. Any reduction or withdrawal of benefits or our inability to meet any of the conditions prescribed under any of the schemes would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_27. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which may adversely impact our results of operations and cause our results to fluctuate._** 

Our revenues are influenced by the currencies of those countries where we sell our products. The exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies, primarily the US$, has fluctuated in the past and our results of operations have been impacted by such fluctuations in the past and may be impacted by such fluctuations in the future. For example, during times of strengthening of the Indian Rupee, we expect that our overseas sales and revenues will generally be negatively impacted as foreign currency received will be translated into fewer Indian Rupees. However, the converse positive effect of depreciation in the Indian Rupee may not be sustained or may not show an appreciable impact in our results of operations in any given financial period due to other variables impacting our business and results of operations during the same period. Set forth below is a detailed break-up of our revenue from operations for Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018. 

||**Fisca**<br>**Amount****_(in_**<br>**_₹ million)_**|**l 2020**<br>**% to revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Fiscal 2019**<br>**Amount****_(in_**<br>**_₹ million)_**|**% to revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|**Fiscal 2018**<br>**Amount****_(in_**<br>**_₹ million)_**|**% to revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operations**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Revenue<br>from|||||||
|Operations|||||||
|Within<br>India|5,338.59|88.96|4,443.66|86.08|2,578.84|86.23|
|Outside<br>India|662.35|11.04|718.52|13.92|411.77|13.77|



37 

While we seek to pass on all losses on account of foreign currency fluctuations to our customers, our ability to foresee future foreign currency fluctuations is limited. As our exported products are priced in foreign currencies, the strengthening of these currencies against the Indian Rupee results in gains and the weakening of these currencies results in losses for our Company. Further, due to the time gap between the accounting of purchases and actual payments, the foreign exchange rate at which the purchase is recorded in the books of accounts may vary with the foreign exchange rate at which the payment is made, thereby benefiting or affecting us negatively, depending on the appreciation or depreciation of the Rupee. We may, therefore, be exposed to risks arising from exchange rate fluctuations, may not be able to pass on all losses on account of foreign currency fluctuations to our customers, and suffer losses on account of foreign currency fluctuations. There is no guarantee that we may be able to manage our foreign currency risk effectively or mitigate exchange exposures, at all times and our inability may harm our results of operations and cause our results to fluctuate and/or decline. Further, while we seek to hedge our foreign currency exchange risk by entering into forward exchange contracts, any action that we may take and any amounts that we spend or invest in order to hedge the risks to our business due to fluctuations in currencies may not adequately hedge against any losses and we cannot assure you of the sufficiency of these procedures or whether the procedures we have in place will be successful in managing our foreign currency exposure. See “ **_Financial Statements_** ” on page 199. 

**_28. We have high working capital requirements and may require additional financing to meet those requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our Company requires working capital to finance the purchase of raw materials and for the manufacture and other related work before payment is received from customers. The actual amount and timing of our future working capital requirements may differ from estimates as a result of, among other factors, calamities, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, economic conditions, engineering design changes, weather related delays, technological changes and additional market developments and new opportunities in the specialty chemicals and industrial enzyme industry. Our sources of additional financing, required to meet our working capital requirements and capital expenditure plans, may include the incurrence of debt or the issue of equity or debt securities or a combination of both. If we decide to raise additional funds through the incurrence of debt, our interest and debt repayment obligations will increase, and could have a significant effect on our profitability and cash flows and we may be subject to additional covenants, which could limit our ability to access cash flows from operations. Any issuance of equity, on the other hand, could result in a dilution of your shareholding. Accordingly, continued increases in our working capital requirements may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

**_29. Our indebtedness and the conditions and restrictions imposed on us by our financing agreements could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business._** 

As on June 25, 2020 we had total outstanding fund based borrowings of ₹ 679.64 million. We may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Our indebtedness could have several important consequences, including but not limited to the following: 

- a portion of our cash flow will be used towards repayment of our existing debt, which will reduce the availability of cash to fund working capital needs, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate requirements; 

- our ability to obtain additional financing in the future at reasonable terms may be restricted; 

- fluctuations in market interest rates may affect the cost of our borrowings, as some of our loans are at variable interest rates; and 

- we may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, may be limited in our ability to withstand competitive pressures and may have reduced flexibility in responding to changing business, regulator and economic conditions. 

Most of our financing arrangements are secured by our movable assets and by certain immovable assets. Many of our financing agreements also include various conditions and covenants that require us to obtain lender consents prior to carrying out certain activities and entering into certain transactions. Typically, restrictive covenants under financing documents of our Company relate to obtaining prior consent of the lender for, among others: 

38 

- any change or modification in the capital structure; 

- any change in management of our Company; 

- amalgamation, merger, demerger or corporate restructuring; 

- any change in the shareholding pattern of our Company. 

For further details of the restrictive covenants under financing documents of our Company, see “ **_Financial Indebtedness - Principal terms of the borrowings availed by our Company on a consolidated basis_** ” on page 264. Failure to meet these conditions or obtain these consents could have significant consequences on our business. 

Any failure to service our indebtedness, perform any condition or covenant or comply with the restrictive covenants could lead to a termination of one or more of our credit facilities, default, acceleration of amounts due under such facilities and cross-defaults under certain of our other financing agreements, any of which may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

**_30. Conflicts of interest may arise out of common business objects shared by our Company and some of our Group Companies and members of the Promoter Group._** 

Certain our Group Companies, namely RBIPL, RMIPL and RSCPL and certain of the members of the Promoter Group, namely Rossari Hydra Chemicals Private Limited and Suisse Silicon Specialties Private Limited, share the common business objects and the constitutional documents of these Group Companies and members of the Promoter Group permit them to operate in the same line of business as us, which may lead to competition with such Group Companies and members of the Promoter Group. However, the aforesaid Group Companies and the members of the Promoter Group are not currently involved in any business activities similar to that of our Company. Our Promoters have undertaken to not undertake any business (directly and indirectly) which competes in any manner with the business undertaken by the Company, any Group Company and/or the members of the Promoter Group. Any violation, non-compliance (whether in whole or in part) or unenforceability of such non-compete obligations may have an adverse effect on the results of our operations and financial condition. . 

**_31. Customer consolidation and drastic change in the management set up of our customers could impact our relationship with our customers and could adversely impact our financial position, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Customers in our markets, especially customers in the home, personal care and performance chemicals product category, may consolidate and grow in a manner that could affect their relationship with us. For instance, the management set up of our customer may get reshuffled pursuant to an acquisition or otherwise, which may affect our relationship with such customer, and we may not be able to retain any favourable terms that we agreed to in the past and may even lose that acquired customer’s business. Additionally, if our customers become larger and more concentrated, they could exert pressure in pricing and payment terms on all suppliers, including us. Accordingly, our ability to maintain or raise prices in the future may be limited, including during periods of increase in the price of raw materials and other costs. If we are forced to reduce prices or maintain prices during periods of increased costs, or if we lose customers because of their acquisition, pricing or other methods of competition, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

**_32. We own a large range of equipment and have a large number of contract labour, resulting in increased costs to our Company. In the event we are not able to generate adequate cash flows it may have a material adverse impact on our operations._** 

We operate in a labour intensive industry and accordingly we are required to employ a large labour force. We primarily rely on contractual labour to fulfil our labour requirement. As on May 31, 2020, we had 365 employees. This results in a significant contractual labour cost for our Company. Our dependence on such contract labour may result in significant risks for our operations, relating to the availability and skill of such contract labourers, as well as contingencies affecting availability of such contract labour during peak periods in labour intensive sectors such as ours. There can be no assurance that we will have adequate access to skilled and unskilled workmen at reasonable rates. Additionally, we own a large range of sophisticated and modern equipment, resulting in increased fixed costs to our Company. As of May 31, 2020, we had a range 

39 

of equipment including boiler, thermic fluid heater, cooling tower, chilling plant, reverse osmosis plant, effluent treatment plant, multiple effect evaporator and agitated thin film evaporator, incinerator etc. We have neither historically used nor currently use second-hand equipment to undertake our business. Accordingly, the cost of maintaining and keeping such capital equipment in proper working condition constitutes a significant portion of our operating expenses. In the event, we are unable to generate or maintain adequate revenues by successfully bidding for projects or recover payments from our customers in a timely manner or at all, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operations. 

**_33. Any delay or default in payments from our distributors or customers could result in the reduction of our profits._** 

We extend credit to certain of our customers and distributors. Consequently, we are exposed to the risk of the uncertainty regarding the receipt of these outstanding amounts. For instance, some of our customers have requested for an extended payment terms due to the recent COVID-19 pandemic. As a result of such industry conditions, we have and may continue to have relatively high levels of outstanding receivables and there may be an impact on our cash flow statement. As of March 31, 2020, our trade receivables were ₹ 941.36 million on a consolidated basis. If a significant portion of our customers or distributors default in making these payments our profits margins could be adversely affected. Our financial position and profitability therefore depend on the credit-worthiness of our customers and distributors. 

Certain of these customers and distributors may have weak credit histories and we cannot assure that these counterparties will always be able to pay us in a timely fashion, if at all. Any change in the financial condition of these counterparties that adversely affects their ability to pay us may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Further, we cannot assure you that in the future we will not extend credit to our customers and distributors. 

**_34. We operate in a hazardous industry and are subject to increasingly stringent environmental, health and safety laws, regulations and standards, which may result in compliance costs and remediation efforts, and may consequently have an adverse effect on our operational and financial position._** 

We operate in a hazardous industry and are subject to a broad range of increasingly stringent laws, regulations and standards as the research, development and manufacturing of our products involve handling often volatile, inflammable and hazardous chemicals, processes and by-products. They result in high compliance costs and could expose us to legal liability. These requirements are comprehensive and cover many activities including, air emissions, waste water discharges, the use and handling of hazardous materials and by-products, waste disposal practices and the clean-up of existing environmental contamination. 

The development or discovery of new facts, events, circumstances, changes in law or conditions, including future decisions to close our manufacturing facility, which cannot be predicted with certainty, may trigger remediation liabilities and result in increased costs and liabilities or prevent or restrict some of our operations. We expect to continue to incur substantial expenditure in the future in order to maintain compliance with environmental regulations. Such costs may increase our costs of production and thereby adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, currently unknown environmental problems or conditions may be discovered. If we are unable to comply with these standards, we may lose customer orders, suffer from damage to our reputation, or be subject to monetary penalties, criminal sanction or other enforcement actions by regulatory bodies including plant closures or product withdrawal, which could further adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_35. Our business is subject to stringent environmental regulations, which requires us to periodically renew the consent to operate and undertake manufacturing at the Silvassa Manufacturing Facility or obtain a fresh consent to operate in order to manufacture additional items at our manufacturing facility. Any delay or inability to obtain such consent to operate may have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects._** 

Our business is subject to strict compliance with environmental laws, rules and regulations promulgated by central, state and local governments. In order to undertake our operations, we have been granted a consent to operate under the  Water (Prevention & Control of Pollution) Act, 1988, the Air (Prevention & Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 and Authorization in Form 2 under Rule 6 (2) of the Hazardous and Other Wastes (Management and Transboundary) Rules, 2016 framed under the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986 , for undertaking manufacturing of, among other things, specialty chemicals, enzymes, brightening agent, 

40 

antistatic conning, fiber yarn finish, home care products/cleaning products, animal feed and nutrition products, hand wash and sanitising products and cosmetic and personal care products at the Silvassa Manufacturing Facility. As per the terms of the consent to operate, we are allowed a maximum annual production quantity, which we cannot exceed. However, in accordance with of our expansion plans, we are required to regularly make applications to the Pollution Control Committee, Daman, Diu and Dadra & Nagar Haveli (“ **PCC** ”) for enhancing our annual production capacity and to operate additional equipment at the Silvassa Manufacturing Facility. If our applications to obtain consent to operate additional items are rejected, or if there is any delay in obtaining these approvals, it may disrupt our growth, impede the execution of our business plans and may materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition. There can be no assurance that the relevant authorities will issue any of such permits or approvals in the time frames anticipated by us or at all. For further details see “ **_Government and Other Approvals_** ” on page 301. 

**_36. Any failure of our information technology systems or inability to adapt to technological changes could adversely affect our business and our operations._** 

We have information technology systems that support our business processes, including product formulas, product development, sales, order processing, production, distribution and finance. These systems may be susceptible to outages due to fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, natural disasters, break-ins and similar events. Effective response to such disruptions will require effort and diligence on the part of our third-party vendors and employees to avoid any adverse impact to our information technology systems. In addition, our systems and proprietary data stored electronically may be vulnerable to computer viruses, cybercrime, computer hacking and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering. If such unauthorized use of our systems were to occur, data related to our product formulas, product development and other proprietary information could be compromised. The occurrence of any of these events could adversely affect our business, interrupt our operations, subject us to increased operating costs and expose us to litigation. 

Further, we depend on the successful introduction of new production and manufacturing processes to create innovative products, achieve operational efficiencies and adapt to advances in, or obsolescence of our technology. Our future success will depend in part on our ability to respond to technological advances in the businesses in which we operate, on a cost-effective and timely basis. The development and implementation of such technology entails significant technical and business risks. We cannot assure you that we will successfully implement new technologies effectively or that we will be able to successfully make timely and cost-effective enhancements and additions to our technological infrastructure, keep up with technological improvements in order to meet our customers’ needs or that the technology developed by others will not render our products less competitive or attractive. Our failure to successfully adopt such technologies in a cost effective and a timely manner could increase our costs and lead to us being less competitive in terms of our prices or quality of products we sell, which may adversely impact our business and our financial performance. 

**_37. Our Dahej Manufacturing Facility will be operated on industrial land allotted to us by industrial development corporations on a leasehold basis. Failure to comply with the conditions of use of such land could result in an adverse impact on our business and financial condition._** 

Our Dahej Manufacturing Facility is proposed to be operated on industrial land allotted to us by Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation (“ **GIDC** ”) on a 99 years lease. Under the terms of the offer-cum allotment letter and the lease deed entered between GIDC and the Company, we are required to comply with certain ongoing conditions, including the requirement to (i) complete the construction of the factory building within a period of two years from the date of the lease deed, failing which GIDC is entitled to take back the possession of the land, (ii) employ locally domiciled persons in the facility for 85% of the posts, including 65% of the managerial and supervisory posts,  (iii) not change use of the plot and (iv) comply with certain sewage disposal and pollution control norms. If we fail to meet any such conditions, we may be required to incur liability. Further, according to the various statutory rules governing GIDCs functioning, GIDC also retains the power to cancel allotment of land in the event of breach of any rules of allotment. 

Cancellation of the land allotted to us due to, among other things, non-compliance of the conditions of the offer-allotment letter could have an impact on our financial condition, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

**_38. There are certain legal proceedings involving our Company and our Subsidiary, which if determined against us or them, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and our reputation._** 

41 

In the ordinary course of business, our Company, our Subsidiary, our Promoters and certain of our Directors are involved in certain legal proceedings, which are pending at varying levels of adjudication at different fora. Such proceedings could divert management’s time and attention and consume financial resources in their defence or prosecution. The amounts claimed in these proceedings have been disclosed to the extent ascertainable and quantifiable and include amounts claimed jointly and severally. Any unfavourable decision in connection with such proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. The list of material outstanding legal proceedings as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus is set out below. 

|**Name of Entity**<sup>*****</sup>|**Criminal**<br>**proceedings**|**Tax proceedings**<br>**(including**<br>**property tax)**|**Statutory or**<br>**regulatory**<br>**proceedings **|**Material civil**<br>**litigation**|**Aggregate amount**<br>**involved (₹ in**<br>**million)**<sup>******</sup>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Company**||||||
|Bythe Company|_1_|_Nil_|_Nil_|_Nil_|_1.07_|
|Against the Company|_Nil_|_1_|_Nil_|_1_|_27.44_|
|**Directors**||||||
|Bythe Directors|_Nil_|_Nil_|_Nil_|_Nil_|_Nil_|
|Against the Directors|_Nil_|_Nil_|_Nil_|_Nil_|_Nil_|
|**Promoters**||||||
|Bythe Promoters|_Nil_|_Nil_|_Nil_|_Nil_|_Nil_|
|Against the Promoters|_Nil_|_Nil_|_Nil_|_Nil_|_Nil_|
|**Subsidiaries**||||||
|Bythe Subsidiaries|_Nil_|_Nil_|_Nil_|_Nil_|_Nil_|
|Against the Subsidiaries<sup>***</sup>|_Nil_|_Nil_|_Nil_|_1_|_20.00_|
|**Total**|**1**|**1**|**_Nil_**|**1**|**28.51**|



> * _There is no pending litigation involving our Group Companies which will have a material impact on our Company._ 

_**To the extent quantifiable._ 

_*** Both our Company and our Subsidiary, Buzil Rossari have been named parties in the same suit._ 

**_39. Our Promoters will continue to retain control over our Company after the completion of the Offer, which will allow them to influence the outcome of matters submitted for approval of our shareholders._** 

Following the completion of the Offer, our Promoters will continue to hold approximately [●]% of our postOffer Equity Share capital. As a result, they will have the ability to significantly influence matters requiring shareholders’ approval, including the ability to appoint Directors to our Board of Directors and the right to approve significant actions at Board and at shareholders’ meetings, including the issue of Equity Shares and dividend payments, business plans, mergers and acquisitions, any consolidation or joint venture arrangements, any amendment to our MoA and AoA, and any assignment or transfer of our interest in any of our licenses. We cannot assure you that our Promoters will not have conflicts of interest with other shareholders or with our Company. Any such conflict may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy or to operate our business. 

**_40. We are dependent on our Promoters, key managerial personnel, including our senior management and business heads, and the loss of or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our Promoters, members of our business team and other key managerial personnel. We believe that the inputs and experience of our Promoters are valuable for the development of our business and operations and the strategic directions taken by our Company. We are also dependent on our key managerial personnel including our business heads for the day to day management of our business operations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain these employees or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. We may require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when qualified personnel terminate their employment with our Company. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation and provide bonuses and perquisites more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting employees that our business requires. The loss of the services of such persons, and the inability to find suitable replacements in a timely manner or at all, may have an adverse effect on our business and our results of operations. 

**_41. We have entered into and may continue to enter into related party transactions with our Subsidiaries, Promoters, members of the Promoter Group and Group Companies. There can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations._** 

42 

We have entered into certain related party transactions with our Subsidiaries, Promoters, members of the Promoter Group and Group Companies. These related party transactions include, among other things, sale of our products to related parties, royalty payments received from our Subsidiary, rent paid to our Promoters and one of our Group Company for property leased by our Company from them, payment of salary and sitting fee and loans granted by our Company. For further details, see Note 42 in “ **_Financial Statements– Restated Financial Statements_** ” on page 241. 

There can be no assurance that we could not have achieved more favourable terms if such transactions had not been entered into with related parties. Furthermore, it is likely that we will continue to enter into related party transactions in the future. There can be no assurance to you that these or any future related party transactions that we may enter into, individually or in aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, the transactions with our related parties may potentially involve conflicts of interest. Additionally, there can be no assurance that any dispute that may arise between us and related parties will be resolved in our favour. 

**_42. A portion of the Net Proceeds and the proceeds from the Pre-IPO Placement may be utilized for repayment or pre-payment of loans taken from one of the affiliate of one of our Book Running Lead Managers._** 

We propose to repay/prepay certain loans obtained from one of the affiliate of one of our Book Running Lead Managers from the Net Proceeds and the proceeds from the Pre-IPO Placement as disclosed in “ **_Objects of the Offer_** ” beginning on page 83. The affiliate is not an associate of our Company or the Selling Shareholders in terms of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Merchant Bankers) Regulations, 1992, as amended. While the repayment/prepayment of certain loans is proposed to be made out of the proceeds of the Fresh Issue to an affiliate of one of the Book Running Lead Managers and the board of directors of our Company would choose loans to be repaid/prepaid based on commercial objectives, there can be no assurance that the same will not be perceived as a current or potential conflict of interest. For further details, see “ **_Objects of the Offer_** ” on page 83. 

**_43. Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds are not appraised by any independent agency, which may affect our business and results of operations._** 

We intend to use the Net Proceeds for the purposes described in “ **_Objects of the Offer_** ” beginning on page 83 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Our funding requirements are based on management estimates and our current business plans and has not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. The deployment of the Net Proceeds will be at the discretion of our Board. However, the deployment of the Net Proceeds will be monitored by a monitoring agency appointed pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations. We may have to reconsider our estimates or business plans due to changes in underlying factors, some of which are beyond our control, such as interest rate fluctuations, changes in input cost, inability to identify suitable location for our restaurants at favourable terms and other financial and operational factors. 

Accordingly, prospective investors in the Offer will need to rely upon our management’s judgment with respect to the use of proceeds. If we are unable to deploy the proceeds of the Offer in a timely or an efficient manner, it may affect our business and results of operations. 

**_44. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to successfully manage, or accurately report, our financial risks._** 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to prepare reliable financial reports and effectively avoid fraud. Moreover, any internal controls that we have or may implement, or our level of compliance with such controls, may deteriorate over time due to evolving business conditions. 

There can be no assurance that deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise in the future, or that we will be able to implement, and continue to maintain, adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls. Any inability on our part to adequately detect, rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls may adversely impact our ability to accurately report, or successfully manage, our financial risks, and to avoid fraud. 

**_45. Our insurance coverage may not adequately protect us against all material hazards._** 

43 

Our business, including our manufacturing operations in particular, carry an inherent risk of exposure to substantial liability for product damage, property damage, personal injury or death, environmental pollution or other damage. We maintain insurance coverage in respect of our buildings, plant and machineries, fixtures and fittings, and inventories, covering losses due to fire and burglary, as well as marine insurance policies. In addition, we cover our employees under group accident policy, group medi-claim policy and group life insurance policy. However, our insurance is subject to customary deductibles, exclusions and limits which may prevent us from fully recovering our losses, or our insurance may not be adequate to cover our liabilities. 

As on March 31, 2020, the total insurance coverage maintained by our Company, our Subsidiaries, associates and joint venture was ₹ 7,467.40 million. Further, our insurance coverage of ₹ 7,467.40 million was 2.65 times the net assets of the Company as per the Restated Financial Statements for Fiscal 2020. 

There may also be certain types of risks for which we are not covered. For instance, we do not have insurance policies that cover the losses incurred due to COVID-19 pandemic, or any such instances. While the Company is in discussion with insurance companies to get additional coverage for such losses in future, there is no assurance that we will be able to obtain such insurance coverage. Further, there is no assurance that insurance will be generally available in the future or, if available, that the premiums will be commercially justifiable. If we incur substantial liability which is not covered by insurance or exceed policy limits, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 

# **_46. Strikes, work stoppages and other industrial actions could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

As of May 31, 2020, we had 365 employees working at our manufacturing facility and offices. Although we have not experienced any labour disruptions in the past and do not have any unionized employees, there can be no assurance that our employees will not unionize or that we will not experience any strike, work stoppage or other industrial action in the future. Any such event could disrupt our operations, possibly for a significant period of time, result in increased wages and other benefits or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, in recent times, due to the COVID-19 pandemic and nation-wide lockdown, we had a period of temporary disruption of our operations. Further, we cannot accurately forecast the impact of such lockdown on our business and the outcome of any such situations arising due to pandemics in the future. Such situations may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

From time to time, we also enter into contracts with independent contractors to complete specific assignments and these contractors are required to provide the workers necessary to complete such assignments. Although we do not engage these workers directly, it is possible that we may be held responsible for wage payments to workers engaged by contractors should the contractors default on wage payments under Indian law. Any requirement to fund such payments may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. The Indian courts on a case-by-case basis have directed employers in the past to absorb contract labourers as employees. Any such order from a court or any other regulatory authority may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_47. Certain of our immovable properties in India and overseas are leased by us. If we are unable to renew existing leases or relocate our operations on commercially reasonable terms, there may be an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operations._** 

Certain of our branch offices and warehousing facilities in India and overseas are held by us on leasehold basis from third parties and our Promoters. The leases for these premises require periodic renewal and are subject to periodic escalation of lease payments. For Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, our total lease rentals amounted to ₹ 22.27 million, ₹ 24.92 million and ₹ 14.85 million, respectively. If we are unable to renew certain or all of these leases on commercially reasonable terms, we may suffer a disruption in our operations or be unable to continue to operate from those locations in the future and may, to that extent incur significant costs to relocate or expand our operations elsewhere. In addition, the terms of our leases require us (as the lessee) to bear conditions which may restrict our operational flexibility in certain respects, for instance, requiring us to obtain the lessor’s prior consent for certain actions (including making significant structural alterations to the building or to sublet, transfer, assign, charge or mortgage such properties). For further details, see “ **_Our Business – Real Estate Property_** ” on page 163. 

44 

**_48. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and subsequent approval of shareholders and will depend on factors that our Board and shareholders deem relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We may decide to retain all of our earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business and, therefore, may not declare dividends on our Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends at any point in the future. For details of dividend paid by our Company in the past, see “ **_Dividend Policy_** ” on page 198. 

**_49. We have commissioned reports, from F&S, which has been used for industry related data in this Red Herring Prospectus and such data have not been independently verified by us._** 

We have commissioned from F&S to produce reports on the specialty chemicals and industrial enzymes. F&S has provided us with a report titled “ _Global and Indian Specialty Chemicals Report_ ” dated December 10, 2019, which has been used for industry related data that has been disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus. The report uses certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. We have not independently verified such data and therefore, while we believe them to be true, we can make no assurance that they are complete or reliable. Further, due to the recent pandemic, we may not be able be to accurately forecast the industry trend in India. Accordingly, investors should read the industry related disclosure in this Red Herring Prospectus in this context. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. While industry sources take due care and caution while preparing their reports, they do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the data. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information. Please see “ **_Industry Overview_** ” on page 101. 

**_50. Certain of our Promoters, members of our Promoter Group, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel have interests in us other than reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits._** 

The following Promoters, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel may be regarded as having an interest in our Company other than reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits: 

|**S. No.**|**Names**|**Position/Designation**|
|---|---|---|
|1.|Mr. Edward Menezes|Promoter,Executive Chairman and KeyManagerial Personnel|
|2.|Mr. Sunil Chari|Promoter,ManagingDirector and KeyManagerial Personnel|
|3.|Ms. Jyotishna Chari|Member of the Promoter Group|
|4.|Ms. Anita Menezes|Member of the Promoter Group|
|5.|Mr. Mikhail Menezes|Member of the Promoter Groupand KeyManagerial Personnel|
|6.|Mr. Yash Chari|Member of the Promoter Groupand KeyManagerial Personnel|



These Directors and Promoters and Key Managerial Personnel may be deemed to be interested to the extent of Equity Shares held by them and by members of our Promoter Group, as well as to the extent of any dividends, employee stock options, bonuses or other distributions on such Equity Shares. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters and certain members of our Promoter Group hold majority of the issued, subscribed and paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. Upon completion of the Offer, our Promoters and certain members of the Promoter Group together will continue to exercise significant control over us, which will enable them to vote together in capacity as shareholders of our Company on certain matters in general meetings of our Company. Accordingly, the interests of our Promoters and certain members of the Promoter Group in their capacity as shareholders of our Company may conflict with your interests and the interests of other shareholders of the Company. For further details, see “ **_Capital Structure_** ”, “ **_Promoter and Promoter Group_** ” and “ **_Our Management_** ” on pages 70, 191 and 176, respectively. 

**_51. Certain unsecured loans have been availed by our Subsidiaries which may be recalled by lenders at any time._** 

45 

The unsecured loans taken by our Subsidiaries may be recalled by the respective lenders at any time. Any failure to service such indebtedness, or otherwise perform any obligations under such financing agreements may lead to a termination of one or more of our credit facilities or incur penalties and acceleration of payments under such credit facilities, which may adversely affect our Subsidiaries. 

**_52. We have not been able to obtain certain records of the educational qualifications of a Director and have relied on declarations and undertakings furnished by such individual for details of their profiles included in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, we have relied on affidavits for the professional experience of our advisory board._** 

Our director, Mr. Goutam Bhattacharya (Independent Director) has been unable to trace copies of documents pertaining to his educational qualifications. Accordingly, reliance has been placed on declarations, undertakings and affidavits furnished by him to us and the BRLMs to disclose details of his educational qualifications in this RHP. We and the BRLMs have been unable to independently verify these details prior to inclusion in this RHP. Further, there can be no assurances that our director will be able to trace the relevant documents pertaining to his educational qualifications in future, or at all. Further, we have relied upon declarations, undertakings and affidavits furnished by members of our advisory board to us and the BRLMs to disclose details of their professional experience in this RHP. 

**_53. Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer comprises of an Offer for Sale of up to 10,500,000 Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholders. The entire proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be paid to Selling Shareholders and we will not receive any such proceeds directly. 

**_54. Our Company has an obligation to buy-back Equity Shares allotted to Pre-IPO Investors (“Pre-IPO Shares”) in the event the Offer is not consummated within 12 months from February 20, 2020 (“Option Exercise Date”)_** 

In connection with the Pre-IPO Placement, our Company has issued the Pre-IPO Letters to the Pre-IPO Investors. Pursuant to the Pre-IPO Letters, each of the Pre-IPO Investors have a right to require our Company to buy-back their respective Pre-IPO Shares, if the Equity Shares are not listed on any recognized stock exchange in India on or before the expiry of the Option Exercise Date. While this option terminates on the listing of the Equity Shares on a recognized stock exchange in India, we cannot assure you that the Offer will be consummated on or prior to the Option Exercise Date or that this option will be not be exercised by any of the Pre-IPO Investors in the event the Equity Shares are not listed on a recognized stock exchange by the Option Exercise Date. The exercise of the buy-back option by any Pre-IPO Investor may require our Company to invest significant resources towards acquiring the Pre-IPO Shares which in turn may have a material adverse impact on the Company and its prospects. 

# **_External Risk Factors_** 

# **_Risks Related to India_** 

**_55. The outbreak of COVID-19, or outbreak of any other severe communicable disease could have a potential impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

The outbreak, or threatened outbreak, of any severe communicable disease (particularly COVID-19) could adversely  affect  the overall  business  sentiment  and  environment,  particularly  if  such  outbreak  is inadequately controlled. The spread of any severe communicable disease may also adversely affect the operations of  our  customers  and  suppliers,  which  could  adversely  affect  our  business,  financial condition  and  results  of operations. The outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in authorities implementing several measures such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines and shutdowns. These measures have impacted and may further impact our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers, and those of our respective vendors  and  suppliers. There  is  currently  substantial  medical  uncertainty  regarding COVID-19 and  no government-certified treatment or vaccine is available yet. A rapid increase in severe cases of infections and subsequent deaths where measures taken by governments fail or are lifted prematurely, may cause significant economic disruption in India and in the rest  of  the  world.  The  scope,  duration  and frequency  of  such  measures  and  the  adverse  effects  of COVID-19 remain uncertain and could be severe. Our ability to meet our ongoing disclosure obligations might be  adversely  affected,  despite  our  best  efforts. 

46 

If  any  of  our  employees were  suspected  of  contracting  COVID-19 or any other epidemic disease, this could require us to quarantine some or all of these employees or disinfect the facilities used for our operations. In addition, our revenue and profitability could be impacted to the extent that a natural disaster, health epidemic or other outbreak harms the Indian and global economy in general. The outbreak has significantly increased economic uncertainty. It is likely that the current outbreak or continued spread  of COVID-19 will cause  an  economic  slowdown  and  it  is  possible  that  it  could  cause  a  global recession. The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices (including employee travel, employee work locations, and cancellation of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences), and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or steps on what we believe would be in the best interests  of  our employees, customers,  partners,  and  suppliers.  There is  no certainty that  such measures  will  be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the outbreak, and our ability to perform critical functions could be harmed. 

The extent to which the COVID-19 further impacts our  results  will  depend  on  future  developments,  which are highly  uncertain  and cannot  be  predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions taken globally to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection for all costs that may arise from all such possible events. We are still assessing our business operations and system supports and the impact COVID19 may have on our results and financial condition, but there can be no assurance that this analysis will enable us to avoid part or all of any impact from the spread of COVID-19 or its consequences, including downturns in business sentiment generally or in our sector in particular. The degree to which COVID-19 impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and  cannot  be  predicted,  including, but not  limited  to,  the  duration  and  spread  of  the  outbreak,  its  severity,  the actions taken to contain the outbreak or treat its impact, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions  can  resume. The  above  risks  can  threaten  the  safe  operation  of  our  facilities  and  cause disruption  of  operational  activities,  environmental  harm,  loss  of  life,  injuries  and  impact  the  wellbeing of  our people. Further in case the lockdown is extended, it could result in muted economic growth or give rise to a recessionary economic  scenario,  in  India  and globally, which  could adversely  affect  the  business, prospects,  results  of operations and financial condition of our Company. 

**_56. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, pandemic disease and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

**_57. We are subject to regulatory, economic, social and political uncertainties and other factors beyond our control._** 

We are incorporated in India and we conduct our corporate affairs and our business in India. Our Equity Shares are proposed to be listed on BSE and NSE. Consequently, our business, operations, financial performance and the market price of our Equity Shares will be affected by interest rates, government policies, taxation, social and ethnic instability and other political and economic developments affecting India. 

Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations may include: 

- any exchange rate fluctuations, the imposition of currency controls and restrictions on the right to convert or repatriate currency or export assets; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse effect on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing for our expansions; 

- prevailing income conditions among Indian customers and Indian corporations; 

47 

- epidemic or any other public health emergency in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; 

- macroeconomic factors and central bank regulation, including in relation to interest rates movements which may in turn adversely impact our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs; 

- volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; 

- decline in India's foreign exchange reserves which may affect liquidity in the Indian economy; 

- downgrading of India’s sovereign debt rating by rating agencies; and 

- difficulty in developing any necessary partnerships with local businesses on commercially acceptable terms and/or a timely basis. 

Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy or certain regions in India, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. For example, our manufacturing facilities are located in western India, hence any significant disruption, including due to social, political or economic factors or calamities or civil disruptions, impacting this region may adversely affect our operations. 

Further, a number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of diseases such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID19 virus. The World Health Organization and other agencies have recently issued warnings on the COVID19 virus and on a potential avian or swine influenza pandemic if there is sustained human-to-human transmission. If any of our employees are identified as a possible source of spreading COVID-19, swine flu, avian flu or any other similar epidemic or pandemic, we may be required to quarantine employees that are suspected of being infected, as well as others that have come into contact with those employees and we may have to shut down a part of or the entire manufacturing facility for certain period, which could have an adverse effect on our business operations. Further, the process of obtaining and/ or renewing necessary registrations, approvals, licenses and permits from statutory/ regulatory authorities is also likely to be impacted by the governmental restrictions and lockdowns. A worsening of the current outbreak of COVID19 virus or future outbreaks of COVID-19 virus, avian or swine influenza or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region. As a result, any present or future outbreak of avian or swine influenza or other contagious disease could have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_58. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market countries in Asia. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur again and could harm our business, our future financial performance and the prices of the Equity Shares. 

**_59. Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian laws which limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely impact the market price of our Equity Shares._** 

Under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions) if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then the prior approval of the RBI will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert the Indian Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no objection/tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other Indian government agency can be obtained on any particular terms, or at all. 

# **_60. A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of 

48 

India.  India’s sovereign rating is Baa2 with a “negative” outlook (Moody’s), BBB-with a “stable” outlook (S&P) and BBB- with a “stable” outlook (Fitch). Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

**_61. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. For example, the Government of India implemented a comprehensive national goods and services tax (“ **GST** ”) regime with effect from July 1, 2017, that combined multiple taxes and levies by the Central and State Governments into a unified tax structure. 

Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by any unexpected or onerous requirements or regulations resulting from the introduction of GST or any changes in laws or interpretation of existing laws, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations relating to GST, as it is implemented. 

The Government has enacted the GAAR which have come into effect from April 1, 2017. The tax consequences of the GAAR provisions being applied to an arrangement could result in denial of tax benefit amongst other consequences. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is uncertain. If the GAAR provisions are made applicable to our Company, it may have an adverse tax impact on us. 

The Finance Act, 2019 (the “ **Finance Act** ”) has made various amendments. The Finance Act stipulates the sale, transfer and issue of securities through exchanges, depositories or otherwise to be charged with stamp duty. The Finance Act has also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a nondelivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. 

Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

# **_Risks Related to the Offer_** 

**_62. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and fall under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the RBI’s prior approval is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other 

49 

governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. 

**_63. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares on a stock exchange held for more than 12 months will be subject to long term capital gains in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as whether the sale is undertaken on or off the stock exchanges, the quantum of gains and any available treaty exemption. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of Securities Transaction Tax (“STT”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

**_64. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

**_65. Our Promoters are selling Equity Shares in the Offer and will receive proceeds as part of the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer comprises of a fresh issue of [●] Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹ 500 million and an offer for sale of up to 10,500,000 Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholders aggregating to ₹ [●] million, Our Promoters, Mr.  Sunil Chari and Mr. Edward Menezes. The proceeds from the Offer will be paid to the Selling Shareholders, in respect of the Equity Shares offered by them in the Offer, and we will not receive any portion of such proceeds. For further details, please see “ **_Objects of the Offer_** ” on page 83. 

**_66. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

**_67. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the 

50 

time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by equity shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the trading price of our Equity Shares and returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

**_68. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company in consultation with the BRLMs, and through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ **_Basis for Offer Price_** ” on page 92 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

**_69. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked securities by us may dilute your shareholding and any sale of Equity Shares by our Promoters or members of our Promoter Group may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future issuance of the Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us, may dilute your shareholding in our Company, adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issue of our securities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will not issue additional Equity Shares. The disposal of Equity Shares by any of our Promoters and Promoter Group, or the perception that such sales may occur may significantly affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. Except as disclosed in “ **_Capital Structure_** ” on page 70, we cannot assure you that our Promoters and Promoter Group will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

**_70. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act 2013, a company incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders preemptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting rights on such resolution. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of our Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company may be reduced. 

**_71. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

**_72. The requirements of being a listed company may strain our resources._** 

51 

We are not a listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. 

Further, as a listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

52 

