# **SECTION II - RISK FACTORS** 

_Any investment in the Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all of the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. In addition, the risks set out in this section may not be exhaustive and additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or which we currently deem to be immaterial, may arise or may become material in the future. If any one or a combination of the following risks or other risks that are not currently known or are now deemed immaterial actually occurs, our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition could suffer, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. Unless specified in the relevant risk factor below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial implication of any of the risks mentioned below. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examinations of us on a consolidated basis and the terms of the Offer, including the merits and the risks involved. Prospective investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. For further information, see “Our Business”, “Industry Overview”, and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 131, 109, and 333, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. If our business, results of operations or financial condition suffers, the price of the Equity Shares and the value of your investments therein could decline._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. Please see “Forward Looking Statements” on page 17._ 

_Our fiscal year ends on March 31 of each year, and references to a particular fiscal are to the 12 months ended March 31 of that year._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information included herein is based on our Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Financial Information” on page 204._ 

_In this section, unless the context otherwise requires, a reference to the “Company” is a reference to Route Mobile Limited on a standalone basis, while any reference to “we”, “us” or “our” refers to Route Mobile Limited and its Subsidiaries, as applicable in the relevant fiscal period, on a consolidated basis._ 

**Risks Related to our Company and our Industry** 

**_1. We depend in part on the success of our strategic relationship with third parties, particularly our direct relationships with mobile network operations (“MNOs”). Our inability to enter into or maintain such relationships, particularly with MNOs may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We are dependent on our arrangements with third parties and MNOs in particular for connectivity in various regions around the world to provide our services to our clients. Further, in certain regions where we are unable to provide services and solutions in a cost efficient manner and in the absence of such relationships, we rely on indirect relationships with MNOs. Our business depends on the continuity of our relationship with these MNOs. As of June 30, 2020, we had direct relationships with over 240 MNOs and provide our enterprise clients with access to over 800 mobile networks. While the number of subscribers and the volume of messages have grown and continue to grow, we may not be able to maintain, identify or secure suitable relationships with MNOs. In addition, consolidation in the telecommunication industry may adversely impact the number of direct or other relationships that we are able to establish with MNOs. We may also not be able to maintain sufficient volumes in order to develop or sustain such relationships with MNOs. If we are unable to establish or maintain direct or other relationships with MNOs on the existing terms and conditions or the current commercial arrangement, or if MNOs terminate their agreements with us, we may be unable to attract new clients, which could have a significant impact on our reputation and profitability, and in turn, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, we may be required to enter into new agreements or addendums to existing agreements with MNOs in order to secure 

23 

connectivity to the mobile networks, and there can be no assurance that MNOs will agree to these new agreements or addendums or that we will be able to negotiate new agreements or addendums on favorable terms. 

Additionally, as a service provider to MNOs, we may be asked to assist and respond to issues or problems that our MNO clients experience. In case we are unable to respond to these issues or problems, these MNOs may terminate their agreements with us or suspend our services which could result in an adverse impact on our relationships and reputation with these MNOs and could have a significant effect on our ability to provide services and solutions in the future and negotiate new direct relationships with these MNOs. 

**_2. Failures, defects, delays and other problems involving the technology systems and infrastructure on which we rely for providing our services and solutions to our clients may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We rely on various technology systems and infrastructure in providing our services and solutions to our clients. Our business could be interrupted by any damage to or the failure of our technology systems, infrastructure, hardware and software or impact of any failure of the networks, technology systems, infrastructure, hardware and software. Our systems and infrastructure are also vulnerable to damage and interruption from, among other things, power loss, transmission cable cuts and other telecommunication failures, natural disasters, computer viruses and software defects and errors by our employees or service providers. System failures or delays could disrupt our ability to provide our services and solutions through our communications platform, which could result in a loss of revenue from our current and potential clients as well as adversely impact our business operations and our reputation. 

Defects in functionality or interruptions in the availability of our services and solutions, including user error, could result in a loss of or delayed market acceptance and use of our services and solutions, diversion of development and client service resources or result in a suspension of our services or termination of our agreements leading to a loss of revenue. Further, the availability or performance of our services and solutions could be adversely affected by a number of factors, including inability of our clients’ to access the network of their MNOs, the mobile signal and connectivity of our clients’ end-users, the failure of our technology systems and infrastructure, security breaches or variability in clients traffic volumes. In addition to potential liability, if we experience interruptions in the availability of our services and solutions, our reputation may be adversely affected, which could result in loss of clients and in turn, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, costs incurred in correcting any material failures, defects, delays, errors or other problems involving our technology systems and infrastructure or our services and solutions may be substantial and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_3. Our Company, in the past, has delayed in complying with reporting guidelines under the provisions of the Foreign Exchange Management (Transfer or issue of security by a person resident outside India) Regulations, 2000 and we may be subject to regulatory action by RBI._** 

Our Company, in the past, has faced instances of delay in complying with the reporting requirement at the time of making an investment into our overseas subsidiaries, namely, Form ODI and annual performance report with RBI under the provisions of the Foreign Exchange Management (Transfer or Issue of any Foreign Security) Regulations, 2000, as amended (“ **FEMA 20** ”), in relation to an investment made in September, 2014 into our Subsidiary, Routesms Solutions Nigeria Limited and in August, 2013 into our Subsidiary, Routesms Solutions FZE. In accordance with FEMA 20, we were required to submit Form ODI with the RBI at the time of making an investment into our overseas subsidiaries and subsequently every year annual performance report on or before December 31. However, our Company did not submit Form ODI with RBI at the time of making abovementioned investment in the respective Subsidiaries and to ensure compliance with such conditions, our Company had submitted applications dated January 16, 2018 to the authorised dealer bank for onward filing with RBI in relation to an investment made in September, 2014 into our Subsidiary, Routesms Solutions Nigeria Limited and subsequently, RBI vide its letter dated September 14, 2018 ratified the transaction. In respect to our investment into our Subsidiary, Routesms Solutions FZE in August 2013, our Company has submitted applications dated January 16, 2018 and December 10, 2018 to the authorised dealer bank for onward filing with RBI and the RBI took it on the record on May 16, 2019. 

24 

While no penalties have been imposed on our Company or our Subsidiaries in this regard, we cannot assure you that RBI or other regulatory authorities will not impose any penalty on us or will not take any penal action in relation to the delays in submitting Form ODI and annual performance report with RBI or the failure to obtain regulatory approvals under applicable regulations. In the event that any adverse actions are taken against us, our results of operations and profitability could be adversely affected. 

**_4. Our Company and Subsidiaries are involved in certain legal and other proceedings. Any adverse outcome in any of these proceedings may adversely affect our profitability and reputation and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our Company and Subsidiaries are currently involved in a number of legal proceedings. These legal proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts and tribunals. The summary of outstanding litigation in relation to criminal matters, tax matters, actions by regulatory/ statutory authorities and other material outstanding litigations against our Company and Subsidiaries have been set out below: 

|**Nature of Cases**|**Number of Cases**|**Amount Involved*(in₹ million)**|
|---|---|---|
|**Proceedings against our Company**|||
|Criminal|Nil|-|
|Tax|11|202.08|
|Otherpendinglitigation|Nil|-|
|**Proceeding by our Company**|||
|Criminal|Nil|-|
|Otherpendinglitigation|2|3.54|
|**Proceedings against our Directors**|||
|Criminal|Nil|-|
|Tax|Nil|-|
|Otherpendinglitigation|Nil|-|
|**Proceedings by our Directors**|||
|Criminal|Nil|-|
|Otherpendinglitigation|Nil|-|
|**Proceedings against our Promoters**|||
|Criminal|Nil|-|
|Tax|Nil|-|
|Otherpendinglitigation|Nil|-|
|**Proceedings by our Promoters**|||
|Criminal|Nil|-|
|Otherpendinglitigations|Nil|-|
|**Proceedings against our Subsidiaries**|||
|Criminal|2|-|
|Otherpendinglitigations|Nil|-|
|Tax|12|257.95|
|**Proceedings by our Subsidiaries**|||
|Criminal|Nil|-|
|Otherpendinglitigations|Nil|-|



_* To the extent quantifiable._ 

For further information, see _“Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments”_ on page 371. 

Decisions in any of the aforesaid proceedings adverse to our interests may have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance and results of operations. If the courts or tribunals rule against our Company or Subsidiaries, we may face monetary and/or reputational losses and may have to make provisions in our financial statements, which could increase our expenses and our liabilities. 

25 

**_5. Our acquisitions are subject to various risks, including risks relating to the integration of these acquired businesses with our existing operations. We may in the future continue to make strategic acquisitions to grow our business and further diversify service offerings. An inability to identify, complete and successfully integrate such acquisitions could adversely affect our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We have in past announced and completed a number of acquisitions in India and other jurisdictions to grow our business, expand our business segments and service offerings, and diversify our revenue streams. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Acquisitions and Strategic Investments_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Presentation of Financial Information – Acquisitions and Investments_ ” on pages 131 and 333, respectively. For instance, on September 21, 2017, we entered into definitive agreements relating to the acquisition of 365squared (such acquisition, the “ **365squared Acquisition** ”). Our business and operations are subject to various risks relating to the 365squared Acquisition. While we believe that the 365squared Acquisition has resulted in the expansion of our mobile operator segment, there may be infirmities or irregularities in the operational and financial reporting procedures or in compliance with regulatory and other requirements by 365squared, and we may be subject to unforeseen risks, liabilities and obligations in this regard. We may also be required to expend significant management and other resources to ensure that the operational and financial reporting standards followed by 365squared are integrated to those followed in our existing operations. For further information on the 365squared Acquisition, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters – Acquisition of 365squared Limited_ ” on page 156. As a result, our business and operations are subject to various risks arising out of the 365squared Acquisition and other acquisitions and investments. 

We further continue to evaluate inorganic growth opportunities consistent with our business strategy of diversifying our service offerings and geographic presence while providing integrated business services to our clients. However, such proposed acquisitions may be subject to receipt of relevant approvals. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such approvals in a reasonable timeframe, or at all. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully integrate the acquired businesses into our existing operations or achieve economies of scale. Our acquisition strategy involves various risks and challenges, including the diversion of management’s attention from our business operations; the potential loss of key employees and clients of the acquired businesses; potential disruption of business relationships with current clients; uncertainties that may impair our ability to attract, retain and motivate key employees; issues relating to management and integration of operations; potential deficiencies in financial control and statutory compliance at the acquired companies; an increase in our expenses and working capital requirements; a failure to achieve cultural compatibility and other benefits expected from an acquisition; and exposure to unanticipated liabilities of the acquired companies. An inability to integrate or manage these acquired businesses or entities may result in increased costs and adversely affect our results of operations. For instance, our Company has entered into a business transfer agreement dated June 15, 2020 to acquire certain technologies and related contracts from a Bengaluru-based company specializing in development of telecom related solutions, which includes, _inter alia_ , multimedia messaging service center and short message service center platforms on a going concern basis. The acquisition is subject to customary closing conditions. However, as part of an ongoing litigation involving the Bengaluru-based company with a third party, the court has passed an order restricting the company from disposing off its assets pending the litigation. Accordingly, our acquisition has been delayed and we may be unable to consummate the transaction. In the event of such litigation or similar events involving the entities / businesses that we propose to acquire, we may be unable to complete our acquisitions and our business, financial condition and results of operation may be adversely effected. 

We may not have any recourse against the entities from which we acquired these entities in connection with any loss that may arise out of such acquisitions. We may be adversely impacted by liabilities that we assume from our acquisitions, including known and unknown obligations, intellectual property or other assets, terminated employees, current or former clients, or other third parties, and we may fail to identify or adequately assess the magnitude of certain liabilities, shortcomings or other circumstances prior to acquisition, which could result in unexpected legal or regulatory exposure, unfavourable accounting treatment, unexpected increases in taxes, or other adverse effects on our business. 

In addition, we may require additional financial resources for the successful expansion or reorganization of these recently acquired businesses and integrating their operations into our operations. An inability to raise adequate finances in a timely manner and on commercially acceptable terms for the expansion, reorganization or integration of 

26 

these businesses with our existing operations could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In connection with any such acquisition or investment, we may incur debt, amortization expenses relating to intangible assets, large and immediate write-offs, assume liabilities or issue shares as payment for the acquisition that would dilute our current shareholders’ percentage of ownership. If we are not able to realize the anticipated benefits or the expected return on our investments or acquisitions, or are unable to complete acquisitions or integrate the operations, software, technologies or personnel gained through any such acquisition, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

An inability to identify, complete and successfully integrate any acquired businesses into our operations, may affect our growth strategy, market share, profitability, or competitive position. 

# **_6. We face a risk from potential claims resulting from client’s misuse of our platform to send unauthorized text messages in violation of TRAI regulations._** 

Text messages may subject us to potential risks, including liabilities or claims relating to regulatory regime in the various geographies in which we operate. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to the delivery of text messages are continuously evolving and developing. For instance, the Securities and Exchange Board of India had issued a summon dated September 26, 2017 to our Company in the matter of “trading of certain entities in the scrip of Supreme Tex Mart Limited” and requested our Company to furnish certain documents and clarifications in this regard. Our Company by its letter dated October 4, 2017 has responded to the queries raised by SEBI and has additionally submitted the supporting documents. Further, SEBI issued a summon under Section 11(2) and 11C(5) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 on July 11, 2018, to the Officials of our Company to appear before the investigating authority in connection with the investigations instituted by SEBI by an order dated March 7, 2017 in the case of Supreme Tex Mart Limited. SEBI has also sought various information with regard to customers of the Company including M/s. Cloud SMS Mobile, Web 10 Technologies and Future Fintrade who use our Company’s platform to distribute messages through their main distributor who ultimately sent the messages to the operator for delivery of messages to the ultimate end-users. SEBI by its order dated March 5, 2019 imposed a monetary penalty against the noticees in the abovementioned matter for impounding the unlawful gain in the scrip of Supreme Tex Mart Limited. Further, SEBI by its order dated July 11, 2019 noted that the investigation in the matter has been completed and no adverse remark was issued against our Company. For further information, see _“Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments”_ on page 371. 

If we do not comply with these laws or regulations or if we become liable under these laws or regulations due to the failure of our clients to comply with these laws by obtaining proper consent, we could face claims which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. Further, we use our communications platform to provide services and solutions to clients. Any misuse of our communications platform or interruptions or failures of our platform, due to terrorist activity or any other reason, and the resulting threat to national security or mass miscommunication, could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_7. Inability to comply with laws and regulations which impact our clients could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

As a service provider, we must adapt to regulatory changes applicable in various industries in which our clients operate, and we are thus exposed to risks arising from regulations that impact our clients. The telecommunications industry in which our clients operate is subject to extensive government regulation. The Government of India along with the TRAI regulate many aspects of the telecommunications industry in India. Increased regulation or changes in existing regulation may require us to change our business policies and practices and may increase the costs of providing services to clients, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The extensive regulatory structure under which our clients operate could constrain their flexibility to respond to market conditions, competition or change in their cost structure, and thereby adversely affect them. Changes in regulations impacting our clients may require us to adjust our systems, software or operations in order to continue to provide services to our existing clients or to qualify for required certifications or fulfill regulatory standards, which could result in an increase in research and development costs and other costs, and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

27 

# **_8. Our contingent liabilities which have not been provided for in our financial statements, if materialize, may impact our financial condition._** 

The following table sets forth certain information relating to our contingent liabilities and commitments as of June 30, 2020: 

||_(in ₹ million)_|
|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Amount**|
|Income tax matters*|144.61|
|Service tax matters*|256.75|
|Guaranteesgiven on behalf of thegroupbybanks|192.47|
|**Total**|**593.83**|



_*The above figure does not include amounts towards certain additional penalty and interest that may devolve on the Group in the event of an adverse outcome as the same is subjective and not capable of being presently quantified._ 

For further information, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Contingent Liabilities and other Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements_ ”, “ _Financial Statements - Annexure V – Statement of Notes to the Restated Ind AS Consolidated Financial Information – Note 46 – Commitments and Contingencies_ ” and “ _Financial Statements - Annexure V – Statement of Notes to the Restated Ind AS Consolidated Financial Information – Note 44 – Business Combinations_ ” on pages 333, 235 and 237, respectively. Any or all of these contingent liabilities may become actual liabilities. In the event that any of our contingent liabilities materialize, our business, financial conditions and results of operations may be adversely affected. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will not incur similar or increased levels of contingent liabilities in the current financial year or in the future. 

# **_9. We operate in a highly evolving market and any inability to respond to such changing conditions could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

The markets in which we operate are highly competitive and subject to frequent changes due to technological improvements and advancements, availability of new or alternative services and changing client preferences and demands, and can require significant investment in research and development by market participants. We expect competition to intensify further, as new entrants emerge in the industry due to the opportunities available and as existing competitors seek to expand their services. Consolidation among our competitors may also leave us at a competitive disadvantage. In addition, as we expand into international markets, we will increasingly compete with local and global providers of messaging services and telecommunications value added services. 

We depend on our ability to adapt to the rapidly changing market by improving the features and reliability of our existing services and solutions, and by successfully developing, introducing and marketing new features, services, solutions and applications to meet client demands. We may not be able to successfully adapt to changes in the market or respond successfully or adequately to meet market demands in a cost-effective and timely manner or at all, especially in recent times due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Any failure by us to adapt to changes in the market or respond quickly, successfully or adequately to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards or client demands could impair our ability to compete and retain clients, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, our industry is characterized by fragmented and highly competitive market participants. Some or all of our competitors may have advantages over us, which include substantially greater financial resources, stronger brand recognition, longer operating histories, larger marketing budgets, broader geographic presence and more extensive relationship with clients and thus may be able to respond more quickly and effectively to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards or clients demands than us. 

Increased competition may result in pricing pressure and force us to lower the selling price of our services or cause a loss of business. In addition, our competitors may offer new or different services in the future which are more popular than our current services. If we are not successful as our competitors in our target markets, our sales could decline, or margins could be negatively impacted and we could lose market share, any of which could materially harm our business. 

28 

# **_10. We face foreign exchange risks that could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows._** 

Although our reporting currency is in Indian Rupees, we transact a significant portion of our business in several currencies other than Indian Rupees including Euro, U.S. Dollar, AED, Naira and Cedi, Pound Sterling and Singapore Dollar. In Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020 and in the three months ended June 30, 2020, 80.09%, 82.96%, 80.81% and 86.08%% of our Company’s revenue from operations, respectively, was derived from sales outside of India. Our operating expenses and costs are in Indian Rupees and other currencies including Euro, U.S. Dollar and Pound Sterling. Our total expenses in Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020, and in the three months ended June 30, 2020 amounted to ₹ 4,529.91 million, ₹ 7,873.74 million, ₹ 8,839.82 million and ₹ 2,790.09 million, respectively. The exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies has fluctuated significantly in recent years and may continue to fluctuate in the future. Any significant appreciation of the Indian Rupee against foreign currencies in which we do business can fundamentally affect our competitiveness in the long term. As our Restated Financial Statements are presented in Indian Rupees, such fluctuations could have a significant impact on our reported results. 

We undertake certain exchange rate hedging activities due to the size of our operations. Our wholly-owned subsidiary, 365squared has entered into a hedging forward contract and further, we may in the future implement hedging strategies to mitigate these risks. However, these hedging strategies may not eliminate our exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations and involve costs and risks of their own, such as ongoing management time and expertise, external costs to implement the strategy and potential accounting implications. 

**_11. Any disruption in the supply of power, IT infrastructure and telecommunications lines to our facilities could disrupt our cloud communication platform services and subject us to additional costs._** 

Any disruption in basic infrastructure, including the supply of power, could negatively impact our ability to provide timely or adequate services to our clients. We rely on telecom connectivity and other infrastructure providers to maintain communications between our various facilities globally. Telecom networks are subject to failures and periods of service disruption which can adversely affect our ability to maintain active communications among our facilities and with our clients. Such disruptions may cause harm to our clients businesses as well. We may not be covered for any claims or damages if the supply of power, IT infrastructure or telecom connectivity is disrupted. This could disrupt our cloud communication platform services and subject us to additional costs and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_12. Our revenues depend on a limited number of clients and a loss of such clients could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations._** 

We are dependent on limited number of clients for a substantial portion of our revenues. A reduction in the services we perform for such limited number of clients or the loss of a major client could result in a significant reduction in our revenue. Factors that may result in a loss of a client include our service performance, reduction in budgets due to macroeconomic factors or otherwise, shift in policies and political or economic factors or changes in their outsourcing strategies. We face significant competition in the services we provide our clients and we are typically not an exclusive service provider to our large clients. These factors may not be predictable or under our control. Significant pricing or margin pressure exerted by our clients could also adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our Company earned revenue from two major customres who individually contributed more than 10% of our revenue in Fiscal 2020, while in Fiscal 2019, one major customer contributed more than 10% of our revenue in Fiscal 2019. Our largest client accounted for 6.49%, 19.86%, 14.58% and 15.45% of our revenue from operations in Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020, and in the three months ended June 30, 2020, respectively. Our ten largest clients accounted for approximately 36.08%, 46.00%, 52.50% and 63.65% of our revenue from operations in Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020 and in the three months ended June 30, 2020, respectively. The quantum of work we perform for our clients may vary from year to year. Thus, revenues generated from a particular client during a period may not be the same in any subsequent periods. Our clients may terminate their contracts with us, with or without cause, and with or without notice, at any time. If any one or more of our work orders or client contracts are terminated, our revenues and profitability could be materially and adversely affected. 

**_13. If we are unable to successfully protect our information technology infrastructure from actual or perceived security risk in a timely manner or at all, our business may be adversely affected._** 

29 

Our systems, like those of all businesses, are vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins, software theft or destruction and similar disruptions from unauthorised tampering with our computer systems. We have data backup systems for all of our operations and checks and systems for ensuring network security against virus or other malignant attacks. 

We always remain subject to third-party attempts and threats to breach our communications platform, software, network and data security and take advantage of other security vulnerabilities. Threats to our information technology security can take various forms, including viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attempt to attack our services and solutions and gain access to our computer networks and data centres. Persons who attempt to circumvent our information technology security may also launch targeted or coordinated attacks using novel methods. In addition, security threats may be caused by employee error or various means of unauthorized access to our internal systems or the data of our clients. Due to the rapidly evolving techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to sabotage systems, there is a risk that we will be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. These threats may result in breaches of our network or data security, disruptions of our service, solutions and internal systems, interruptions in our operations, harm to our competitive position from the compromise of confidential information or trade secrets, or otherwise harm our business. These third-party attempts and threats can result in the loss or corruption of our and our client data and may adversely impact our systems, operations and reputation, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The agreements that we enter into with our clients for the engagement of our services have several contractual obligations including confidentiality, protection against security breach and insurance coverage. The engagements that we perform for our clients are often critical to our clients’ businesses. If our client’s proprietary rights are infringed by our employees in violation of any applicable confidentiality agreements and / or our clients perceive any deficiency in service, our clients may consider us liable for that act and seek damages from us. Our client contracts may require us to comply with certain security obligations including maintaining network security and back-up data, ensuring our network is virus free and verifying the integrity of employees that work with our clients by conducting background checks. Any failure in our client’s system or breach of security relating to the services we provide to the client could damage our reputation or result in a claim for substantial damages against us. 

In addition, clients using our services and solutions rely on the security of our network and infrastructure for achieving reliable service and the protection of their data. We receive and communicate a significant amount of data from our clients, and there is a risk that this information will be subject to computer break-ins, theft and other improper activity that could jeopardize the security of information handled by our services and solutions or cause interruptions in our operations. 

Further, since we handle substantial amount of third party information, including personal data, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect this information, such as the privacy laws and other laws applicable to data protection in India and other jurisdictions where we operate. These laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number, change frequently and sometimes conflict among the various countries in which we operate. If any person, including any of our employees, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to client or company data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates that data, we could be subject to significant monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/ or criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions. These monetary damages might not be subject to a contractual limit of liability or an exclusion of consequential or indirect damages and could be significant. Unauthorised disclosure of sensitive or confidential client or Company data, whether through systems failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose clients. 

In addition, to the extent that our competitors are subject to the abovementioned attempts, threats, break-ins, theft and other improper activity, we may experience reduced clients trust and acceptance of our services and solutions and our reputation may be adversely affected. 

Accordingly, any such actions, irrespective of whether successful in breaching our security controls, could expose us to litigation, loss of clients, damage to our reputation, or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

30 

**_14. Our global operations expose us to numerous risks, including sometimes conflicting legal and regulatory requirements, and violation of these regulations could adversely our business and results of operations._** 

As of June 30, 2020, we have operations in 18 locations across four continents. As we continue to expand internationally, we are subject to numerous telecommunication and other laws and regulations in these countries. In Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020 and in the three months ended June 30, 2020, 80.09%, 82.96% 80.81% and 86.08% of our Company’s revenue from operations, respectively, was derived from sales outside of India. Since we provide services to clients across the world, we are subject to numerous, and sometimes conflicting, legal requirements on matters as diverse as import/export controls, content requirements, trade restrictions, tariffs, taxation, sanctions, government affairs, anti-corruption, anti-bribery, whistle blowing, internal and disclosure control obligations, data protection and privacy and labour relations and certain regulatory requirements that are specific to our clients’ industries. In addition, certain of our services may be used by clients located in countries where voice and other forms of IP communications may be illegal or require special licensing. 

Non-compliance with these regulations in the conduct of our business could result in termination of client contracts, fines, penalties, criminal sanctions against us or our officers, disgorgement of profits, prohibitions on doing business and have an adverse impact on our reputation. Gaps in compliance with these regulations in connection with the performance of our obligations to our clients could also result in exposure to monetary damages, fines and/or criminal prosecution, unfavourable publicity, restrictions on our ability to process information and allegations by our clients that we have not performed our contractual obligations. Many countries also seek to regulate the actions that companies take outside of their respective jurisdictions, subjecting us to multiple and sometimes competing legal frameworks in addition to our home country rules. Due to the varying degree of development of the legal systems of the countries in which we operate, local laws might be insufficient to defend us and preserve our rights. We could also be subject to risks to our reputation and regulatory action on account of any unethical acts by any of our employees, partners or other related individuals. 

In addition, changes in regulations could increase our costs and could potentially prevent us from delivering our services and solutions in a cost efficient manner. For example, in a number of countries, the interconnection rates charged for transmissions between service providers, MNOs and end-users are set and controlled by local regulators. If these regulators were to change the interconnection rates, we may be required to pay higher rates, which could increase the costs of delivering our services and solutions to our clients, and there is a risk that we may not be able to pass on the increase to our clients, which could have an adverse impact on our gross margin and pricing. In addition, regulators may impose price ceilings or controls on mobile communications and data usage, which could have a significant impact on our revenue and margins. Similarly, regulators may restrict the type of communication that is permitted, which can require us to adjust our services to comply with local regulations which in turn can increase the costs associated with conducting business in certain countries. 

**_15. Our revenues are highly dependent on clients primarily located in Asia, Europe and Africa. Any decline economic health of such regions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We have derived a substantial portion of our revenue from services offered to clients based in Asia, Europe and Africa. If the economic conditions in such regions becomes volatile or uncertain or the conditions in the global financial market were to deteriorate, especially in recent times due to the COVID-19 pandemic, or if there are any changes in laws applicable to our services and operations or if any restrictive conditions are imposed on us or our business, the pricing of our services may become less favorable for us. Further, our clients located in these geographies may reduce or postpone their technology spending significantly which would adversely affect our operations and financial conditions. Any reduction in spending on cloud communication services may lower the demand for our services and negatively affect our revenues and profitability. 

**_16. The loss of services of our senior management could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

We are dependent on the experience and the continued efforts of the senior members of our management team, many of whom have been with us for an extended period of time. Our growth strategy will place significant demands on our management and other resources because it requires us to continue to improve operational, financial and other internal controls, both in India and overseas. We are dependent on executives and key personnel, including competent sales 

31 

force as well as technology professionals with a detailed knowledge of our business and industry. The loss in the services of the members of our senior management and other key team members, particularly to competitors, or our failure to otherwise retain the necessary management and other resources to maintain and grow our business, may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

Our future success and our ability to maintain our competitive position and implement our business strategy are dependent to a large degree on our ability to identify, attract, train and retain personnel with skills that enable us to keep pace with growing demands and evolving industry standards and on the continued service and performance of our senior management team and other key team members in our business units. 

Qualified individuals are in high demand and competition for qualified engineers and personnel in our industry is intense, and we may incur significant costs to retain or attract them. We may not be able to retain our existing engineers or personnel or attract and retain new engineers and personnel in the future. Many well qualified candidates may be subject to contractual non-compete clauses which may restrict our ability to employ them. 

**_17. Deficiencies in or termination of services by third-party service providers such as network and server capacity providers or interruptions, failure to provide, delays or outages, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We partner with messaging infrastructure / hardware providers to support our cloud communication platform services. For our SMS filtering, analytics, and monetization, we partner with firewall hardware providers and value-add original equipment manufacturers for end-to-end solutions. Our business depends on the capacity, reliability and security of infrastructure owned and managed by such third-party service providers. We do not have control over the operation, quality or maintenance of such infrastructure or whether such third party service providers will upgrade or improve their infrastructure, software, equipment and services. In such cases, it could require us or our clients to invest time and resources in updating or improving software, APIs, equipment or services, and may result in interruptions or delays in the provision of our services and solutions. Further, interruptions or failures of such networks, whether due to natural disaster, government policy, terrorist activity or any other reason, and the resulting reduction in transactions and communications processed by our communications platform for delivery via such networks, can have a significant impact on our revenue and could an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may experience interruptions, delays and outages in service and availability from time to time due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors and capacity constraints. 

**_18. Our inability to manage our technology systems and infrastructure or the services and solutions that we provide may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We are required to keep pace with evolving technological advancements, client and small business user habits, internet security risks, risks of system failure or inadequacy, and governmental regulation and taxation, and each of these factors could adversely impact our business. In the event, we are unable to accurately predict and manage our technology systems and infrastructure requirements, including the capacity requirements with respect to our data centres, our existing or future clients may experience service outages resulting from the failure or disruption of our technology systems and infrastructure, which could adversely affect our reputation and business. 

While we strive to maintain sufficient excess capacity to meet the needs of all our clients, there is a risk that we may not successfully manage our services and solutions or that our services and solutions will not remain effective while scaling to meet and address expanding client demands. If we are unable to provide our services and solutions at the scale required by our clients, potential clients may not adopt our offerings and existing clients may not renew their agreements, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. If failures occur on our clients’ multiple networks or software systems, it may be difficult for us to identify the source of the problem and to correct it on a timely basis or at all, in particular, as our clients generally use our services together with their own services and services from other vendors. The development of new solutions may impose a greater burden on our systems and may strain our administrative, operational and financial resources. Any of the foregoing problems could result in a loss of our revenue or adversely affect client relationships and business of our client, all of which could be detrimental to our business and reputation generally. 

32 

**_19. All Indian companies, including our Company, are subject to a new accounting standard, Ind AS 116, effective April 1, 2019._** 

The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“ **MCA** ”) has vide notification dated March 30, 2019 notified ‘Ind AS 116 – Leases’ and we have adopted Ind AS 116 retrospectively from April 1, 2017. Ind AS 116 sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of leases for both parties to a contract, _i.e._ the lessee and the lessor. Ind AS 116 introduces a single lease accounting model for lessee and requires the lessee to recognize right of use assets and lease liabilities for all leases with a term of more than twelve months, unless the underlying asset is low value in nature. Ind AS 116 substantially carries forward the lessor accounting requirements in Ind AS 17. As per Ind AS 116, the lessee needs to recognise depreciation on right of use assets and finance costs on lease liabilities in the statement of profit and loss. The lease payments made by the lessee under the lease arrangement will be adjusted against the lease liabilities. 

The change in accounting policy pursuant to the adoption of Ind AS 116 was considered retrospectively from April 1, 2017 in the Restated Financial Statements. Consequent to the adoption of Ind AS 116, the impact has been adjusted in the respective periods in the Restated Financial Statements. For further information, see “ _Financial Information – Note 40 – Statement of Restatement Adjustments – A.4 – Change in Accounting Policies – Impact of Ind AS 116_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Changes in Accounting Policies_ ” on pages 204 and 333, respectively. Accordingly, the financial statements/information that we have prepared in accordance with Ind AS 116, including our Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus and the financial statements/ information that we will prepare in accordance with Ind AS 116 in the future may not be comparable with our historical financial statements. Investors should rely solely on our Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus for an assessment of our financial position and any investment decision in relation to the Offer. 

The governmental and regulatory bodies in India may continue to notify such new accounting standards, regulations and/or policies. There can be no assurance that any such changes in accounting standards, regulations or policies would not lead to different accounting methods, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_20. Our services contain open source software, and we license some of our software through open source projects. Any risks associated with open source software, if not addressed, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations._** 

We use open source software in some of our internal systems and technology platform. The terms of many open source licenses to which we are subject to have not been interpreted by domestic or foreign courts, and there is a risk that open source software licenses could be construed in a manner that impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to provide or distribute our services or solutions. In addition, we may face claims from parties claiming ownership of, or demanding release of, the source code or derivative works that were developed using such software, or otherwise seeking to enforce the terms of the applicable open source license. These claims could also result in litigation, require us to purchase a costly license or require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our platform, any of which could have a negative effect on our business and operating results. Further, open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on the origin of software. Any of these risks could be difficult to eliminate or manage, and, if not addressed, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 

**_21. Competition in the market for cloud communication platform services could affect our pricing, which could reduce our share of business from clients and decrease our revenues and profitability._** 

Our business model is predominantly based on a dynamic pricing model where we have an ability to change the prices offered based on prevailing market rates. The charges that we pay to network service providers over whose networks we transmit communications can vary from time to time and are affected by volume and other factors which may be outside of our control and difficult to predict. We use an indigenously developed platform to ascertain the cost efficient routes to transmit A2P messages on behalf of our clients. If we are not able to predict the most optimal route or modify prices, we may be unable to pass these increases to our clients, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

33 

Further, as competitors introduce new products or services that compete with ours or reduce their prices, we may be unable to attract new clients or retain existing clients based on our historical pricing. As we expand in newer geographies, we also must determine the appropriate price to enable us to compete effectively internationally. Moreover, enterprises, which are a primary focus for our direct sales efforts, may demand substantial price concessions. If we are not able to attract new clients or retain existing clients based on our historical pricing, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

**_22. We may not be able to sustain our growth or manage such growth effectively or execute our business plan in the future in an effective timely manner or at all, which may adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations._** 

We have experienced rapid and significant growth in our operations and revenue in recent years. We were incorporated in 2004 and as of June 30, 2020, we have operations in 18 locations across four continents. Our revenue from operations increased at a CAGR of 37.61% from ₹ 5,049.48 million in Fiscal 2018 to ₹ 9,562.52 million in Fiscal 2020 and was ₹ 3,096.14 million in the three months ended June 30, 2020. The growth in our revenues was in large part due to strategic acquisitions in the recent past. In addition, we are expanding our international operations, and we have recently established operations in 10 new countries since April 1, 2016. While these growth rates are not indicative of our future growth, we expect this growth to place significant demands on our management, administrative and operational infrastructure. Our profit for the year/ period has increased from ₹ 466.77 million in Fiscal 2018 to ₹ 691.02 million in Fiscal 2020 and was ₹ 269.34 million in the three months ended June 30, 2020. 

Our success will depend on our ability to manage our growth effectively and will require us to continuously evolve and improve our operational, financial, management, and internal controls, and our reporting systems and procedures. 

In particular, continued expansion increases the challenges involved in: 

- recruiting, training and retaining sufficient skilled technical, sales and management personnel; 

- adhering to high quality and process execution standards; 

- maintaining high levels of client satisfaction; 

- preserving our culture, values and entrepreneurial environment; and 

- developing and improving our internal administrative infrastructure, particularly our financial, operational, communications and other internal systems. 

Any inability to manage our growth in a timely manner or at all may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and could result in decline of the price of our Equity Shares. 

# **_23. Failure to meet the level of performance in accordance with our contracts with clients could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We use complex software and hardware systems for providing our services and solutions to our clients. Such software and hardware systems may suffer operational errors or performance problems. We have entered into contracts with some of our clients which contain provisions requiring us to maintain the services at or above certain minimum performance standards such as maximum A2P messages delivery times. Under these contracts, if we fail to meet the specified standards, we may be subject to liquidated damages or penalties, and in certain cases, termination of the contracts by our clients. We have in the past been subject to penalty claims by our clients. For instance, in May 2019 a penalty was imposed on us owing to failure or delay in delivery of messages for a particular client. We cannot assure you that in case any claims for damages are made by our clients, the limitations on liability we provide for in our service contracts will be enforceable, or that they will otherwise be sufficient to protect us from liability for damages. 

# **_24. Any inefficiencies in or failure of our billing and management information systems may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Maintaining billing and client management information systems are critical to protect our ability to increase revenue streams, avoid revenue loss and bill our client accurately and in a timely manner. We expect new technologies and applications to create increasing demands on our billing and client management systems. Problems such as 

34 

reconciliation of payments, revenue recognition and delayed payments will occur in the complexities involved in the process of billing and tracking payments by our clients. We are therefore required to expand and adapt our billing and credit control systems as we introduce new services and as our business expands. While we have not faced any material issues in the past, however, if adequate billing, credit control and client relation systems are unavailable or if upgrades or new systems are delayed or not introduced or integrated in a timely manner or at all, it could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_25. Failure to offer client support in a timely and effective manner may adversely affect our relationships with our clients._** 

From time to time, our clients require our support teams to assist them in using our services effectively, help them in resolving post-deployment issues quickly and in providing ongoing support. If we do not devote sufficient resources or are otherwise unsuccessful in assisting our clients effectively in a timely manner or at all, it could adversely affect our ability to retain existing clients and could prevent prospective clients from adopting our services. We may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in demand for client support. We also may be unable to modify the nature, scope and delivery of our client support to compete with changes in the support services provided by our competitors. Increased demand for client support, without corresponding revenue, could increase costs and adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our sales are highly dependent on our business reputation and on positive recommendations from our clients. While we have not faced any material issues in the past, however, any failure to maintain high-quality client support, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality client support, could adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_26. If the market for enterprise cloud communication platform services does not develop according to our expectations or declines, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected._** 

The market for enterprise cloud communication services and solutions is not as mature as the market for legacy communication solutions and these services may not achieve or sustain high levels of demand and market acceptance. Our success will, to a substantial extent, depend on the desire of enterprises to communicate with client, employees and connected things globally via cloud communications instead of through legacy communications solutions and on the continued realization and development of new use cases by enterprise client. If enterprises do not perceive or realize the benefits of enterprise cloud communications services and solutions, the market for these services may not continue to develop, may decline or may not develop in the way we expect, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_27. Our growth and revenue is subject to volatility and seasonality._** 

Our revenue is subject to volatility across quarters, primarily as a result of fluctuations in traffic volumes and usage of our cloud communication platform services by our enterprise clients. Most of our agreements with our enterprise clients require our enterprise clients to pay for services and solutions on a per A2P message and on a per voice pulse basis, and we generate revenue based on each transaction or communication processed through our cloud communication platform services. These agreements generally do not provide for fixed or minimum recurring payments or traffic volumes. As a result, our results are highly dependent upon the continued purchase of services and usage of our cloud communication platform services by our enterprise clients. 

If our clients decide for any reason not to continue to pay for our services at current levels or at current prices, if we are unable to upsell or encourage our clients to expand their use of our services or solutions, if there is a period of reduced, limited or restricted usage of our services and solutions by our clients, our growth may be adversely affected and there could be significant revenue volatility for that respective reporting period and there is a risk that we will not receive any fixed or minimum recurring payments, which could have a significant and immediate material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Since our business is dependent on our enterprise clients globally and the operations of such clients may be seasonal in nature. The seasonal nature of the business of our clients may adversely affect our result of operations and financial condition. 

35 

**_28. Our sales cycle may become lengthier and more expensive and may be subject to implementation, customization and timing challenges and inability to respond to such challenges in an effective manner may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

As our business is currently targeted primarily at enterprise clients, we may face greater costs, longer sales cycles and less predictability in completing some of our sales. Generally, an enterprise client’s decision to use our services is an enterprise-wide decision that requires a significant amount of our time and resources. For example, in certain cases, we may be required to provide prospective clients with greater levels of education regarding the use and benefits of our services, privacy and data protection laws and other regulations. In addition, larger clients may demand more customization, integration services and features, or may have existing systems in place that require more specialized software and APIs to access our services and solutions. As a result of these factors, sales opportunities may require us to devote greater sales support and professional services resources to individual clients, which can increase the costs and time required to complete these and other sales and may divert sales and professional services resources to a smaller number of larger transactions. In addition, to the extent that clients demand more customization, integration services and features, or require more specialized software and APIs, we may experience delays in revenue recognition from these transactions, pending resolution of the respective technical and implementation requirements. To the extent that the sales cycles for our enterprise clients become longer and more expensive, or require more customization, integration services and features, or specialized software and APIs, there could be an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_29. Our application for the registration of “RouteSMS” trademark, logo and other trademarks are pending and the use of this or similar trade names by third parties may result in loss of business to such third parties, and any potential negative publicity relating to such third parties may adversely affect our reputation, the goodwill of our brand and business prospects._** 

We believe that our success depends, in part, on our brand image. We believe that our trademarks and other proprietary rights have significant value and are important to identifying and differentiating our business from those of our competitors and creating and sustaining demand for our services. Among applications made for other trademarks, we have applied for the registration of “RouteSMS” with the Registrar of Trademarks on January 28, 2016 and yet to receive registration or final approval for use of such trademarks from the Registrar of Trademarks. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Intellectual Property”_ and _“Government and Other Approvals”_ on pages 131 and 377, respectively. However, we cannot guarantee that any of our pending trademark applications will be approved by the applicable governmental authorities or that it will not be abandoned or objected by such authorities or by any third parties. Even if the applications are approved, third parties may seek to oppose or otherwise challenge these registrations. 

Further, if we are not successful in registering our trademark we will not be entitled to the statutory protections. The trademark may be registered in the name of another entity, thereby preventing us from using the trademark and the logo. In the absence of a registered trademark, the redress available to us may be limited to relief for passing off of our marks by others which could negatively affect our brand image, goodwill and business. Litigation in relation to our intellectual property could be expensive and time consuming and could divert management resources. 

**_30. Our statutory auditors have highlighted certain matters of emphasis to their audit reports relating to our historical audited financial statements, which may affect our future financial results._** 

Under Indian Auditing Standards, statutory auditors may include an emphasis of matter in their audit opinion under certain circumstances, including when a company's financial records have not been maintained in accordance with Ind AS. Our statutory auditors have included certain emphasis of matters in their audit reports relating to our audited financial statements for Fiscal 2018, Fiscal 2019, Fiscal 2020 and for the three months ended June 30, 2020. Our statutory auditors have provided the basis for their opinion, primarily relating to procedural delays in filing of forms with the authorised dealer in relation to delays in payment and receipt of foreign currency receivables and payables for which an application for regularisation has been made. Further, our statutory auditors note that in relation to outstanding service tax liabilities raised by the Commissioner of CGST there is no provision for liability that has been recognised in the financial statements. For further information, see “ _Management's Discussion on Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Auditors Observations and Emphasis of Matters_ ” and “ _Financial Statements_ 

36 

_- Annexure V – Statement of Notes to the Restated Ind AS Consolidated Financial Information – Financial Statements – Note 40 - Statement of restatement adjustments_ ” on page 204. There can be no assurance that our statutory auditors will not include such matters of emphasis or other similar comments in the audit reports to our audited financial statements in the future, or that such modification will not affect our financial results in future fiscal periods. 

There can be no assurance that our statutory auditors will not include such matters of emphasis or other similar comments in the audit reports to our audited financial statements in the future, or that such modification will not affect our financial results in future fiscal periods. Investors should consider these matters of emphasis and related remarks in evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. Any such modification in the auditors’ report on our financial statements in the future may also adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_31. We are subject to risks associated with expansion into new geographic regions._** 

Expansion into new geographic regions subjects us to various challenges, including those relating to our lack of familiarity with the culture, local laws and regulations and economic conditions of these new regions, language barriers, difficulties in staffing and managing such operations, and the lack of brand recognition and reputation in such regions. For example, we acquired 365squared in Malta with effect from October 1, 2017. The risks involved in entering new geographic markets and expanding operations, may be higher than expected, and we may face significant competition in such markets. 

By expanding into new geographical regions, we could be subject to additional risks associated with establishing and conducting operations, including: 

- compliance with a wide range of laws, regulations and practices, including uncertainties associated with changes in laws, regulations and practices and their interpretation; 

- foreign ownership constraints and uncertainties with new local business partners; 

- local preferences and service requirements; 

- fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 

- inability to effectively enforce contractual or legal rights and adverse tax consequences; 

- differing accounting standards and interpretations; 

- stringent as well as differing labour and other regulations; 

- differing domestic and foreign customs, tariffs and taxes; 

- exposure to expropriation or other government actions; and 

- political, economic and social instability. 

By expanding into new geographical regions, we may be exposed to significant liability and could lose some or all of our investment in such regions, as a result of which our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

**_32. If we do not develop enhancements to our services and introduce new services that achieve market acceptance, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected._** 

Our ability to attract new clients and increase revenue from existing clients depends in part on our ability to enhance and improve our existing services, increase adoption and usage of our services and introduce new services. The success of any enhancements or new services depends on several factors, including timely completion, adequate quality testing, actual performance quality, market-accepted pricing levels and overall market acceptance. Enhancements and new services that we develop may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner, may contain errors or defects, may have inter-operability difficulties with our platform or other products or may not achieve the broad market acceptance necessary to generate significant revenue. We also have invested, and may continue to invest, in the acquisition of complementary businesses, technologies, services, products and other assets that expand the services that we can offer our clients. We may make these investments without being certain that they will result in services and products or enhancements that will be accepted by existing or prospective clients. Our ability to generate usage of additional services and products by our clients may also require increasingly sophisticated and more costly sales efforts and result in a longer sales cycle. If we are unable to successfully enhance our existing services to meet evolving requirements of clients, increase adoption and usage of our services products, develop new services and products, or 

37 

if our efforts to increase the usage of our services are more expensive than we expect, then our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

# **_33. Our indebtedness and the restrictions imposed by our financing agreements could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and operations._** 

As of June 30, 2020, we had total outstanding borrowings of ₹ 432.45 million. Our ability to meet our debt service obligations and repay our outstanding borrowings will depend primarily on the cash generated by our business. Our financing agreements contain certain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to undertake certain types of transactions. These restrictive covenants _inter-alia_ require us to obtain either the prior permission of such banks or financial institutions or require us to inform them of various activities, including, among others, alteration of our capital structure or raising of additional debt. In the event that we breach a restrictive covenant, our lenders could deem us to be in default and seek early repayment of loans. An event of default would also affect our ability to raise new funds or renew maturing borrowings as needed to conduct our operations and pursue our growth initiatives. Although we have received consents from our lenders for the Fresh Issue, these restrictive covenants may affect some of the rights of our Shareholders. 

For further information, see _“Financial Indebtedness”_ on page 330. 

# **_34. We propose to utilize a part of the Net Proceeds to undertake potential acquisitions for which the targets are yet to be identified._** 

We propose to utilize ₹ 830.00 million from our Net Proceeds of the Fresh Issue towards acquisitions and other strategic investments. While, our Company, through investment in its wholly owned subsidiary Route Mobile (UK) Limited by way of either equity or debt, may utilize ₹ 273.16 million for the payment of Earn out amount pursuant to the acquisition of 365squared Limited, the remaining amount will be used for other potential acquisitions where the target is yet to be identified (“ **Unidentified Acquisitions** ”). As on date of filing this Red Herring Prospectus, other than the Acquisition SPA,  Supplemental Agreement and the business transfer agreement dated June 15, 2020 entered by our Company to acquire certain technologies and related contracts from a Bengaluru-based company specializing in development of telecom related solutions which includes, inter alia, multimedia messaging service center and short message service center platforms on a going concern basis, we have not entered into any definitive agreements towards any future acquisitions or strategic initiatives. The amount of Net Proceeds identified for acquisitions is based solely on management estimates. The actual deployment of funds will depend on a number of factors, including the timing, nature, size and number of strategic initiatives undertaken, as well as general factors affecting our results of operation, financial condition and access to capital. These are based on current conditions and are subject to change in light of changes in external circumstances or costs or in other financial conditions, business strategy, etc. With increase in costs, our actual deployment of funds may exceed our estimates and may result in cost overrun and cause additional burden on our financial position. In the interim, the Net Proceeds proposed to be utilized towards this object shall be deposited only in the scheduled commercial banks as may be approved by our Board. For further information, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 85. 

# **_35. Our customers may develop in-house solutions and migrate part or all of the services that we provide them to these in-house solutions._** 

Certain of our customers may choose to internally deploy certain functionality currently provided by our services which may lead to a loss of revenue streams from certain of our services as they will be able to meet their needs for these services in-house. If such customers develop in-house solutions or migrate the services that we provide to them, our business, results of operation and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

# **_36. If we are unable to implement our marketing strategy in a cost-effective timely manner or at all, then our business, results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected._** 

In order to grow our business, we must continue to attract new clients in a cost-effective manner. We use a variety of marketing channels to promote our services and platform, including conducting regional client events, email campaigns, billboard advertising and public relations initiatives. If the costs of the marketing channels we use increase dramatically, then we may choose to use alternative and less expensive channels, which may not be as effective as the 

38 

channels we currently use. As we add to or change the mix of our marketing strategies, we may need to expand into more expensive channels than those we are currently in, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We will incur marketing expenses before we are able to recognize any revenue that the marketing initiatives may generate, and these expenses may not result in increased revenue or brand awareness. If we are unable to maintain effective marketing programs, then our ability to attract new clients could be adversely affected, our advertising and marketing expenses could increase substantially and our results of operations may be adversely affected. 

**_37. If we are unable to maintain and enhance our brand and increase market awareness of our Company and products, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected._** 

We believe that maintaining and enhancing the “Route Mobile” brand and “365squared” brand identities and increasing the market awareness about us and our services and solutions, particularly among MNOs and enterprise clients is critical to achieving widespread acceptance of our platform, to strengthen our relationships with our existing clients and to our ability to attract new clients. The successful promotion of our brand will depend largely on our continued marketing efforts, our ability to continue to offer high quality services and solutions and to successfully differentiate our services, products and platform from competing products and services. Our brand promotion activities may not be successful or yield increased revenue. In addition, independent industry analysts often provide reviews of our services and competing products and services, which may significantly influence the perception of our services in the marketplace. If these reviews are negative or not as strong as reviews of our competitors’ products and services, then our brand may be harmed. 

The promotion of our brand also requires us to make substantial expenditures, and we anticipate that these expenditures will increase as our market becomes more competitive and as we expand into new markets. To the extent that these activities increase revenue, this revenue still may not be enough to offset the increased expenses we incur. If we do not successfully maintain and enhance our brand, then our business may not grow, we may see our pricing power reduced relative to competitors and we may lose clients, all of which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_38. If we are unable to collect our dues and receivables from our clients, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected._** 

Our business depends on our ability to successfully obtain payment from our clients of the amounts they owe us for services provided. We have a number of clients on a pre-paid business model where the client pays upfront allowing us to reduce the overall working capital cycle. In Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020 and in the three months ended June 30, 2020, 41.77%, 24.99%, 17.01% and 15.47%, respectively, of our revenue from operations were prepaid. The standard terms of the agreements with our post-paid clients require payments to be made within 30 – 60 days. Our average debtor cycle was 47 days, 52 days, 66 days and 57 days in Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020 and in the three months ended June 30, 2020, respectively. We maintain provisions against receivables. Actual losses on clients’ balances could differ from those that we currently anticipate and as a result we might need to adjust our provisions. There is no guarantee that we will be able to accurately assess the creditworthiness of our clients. Macroeconomic conditions, such as a potential credit crisis in the global financial system, could also result in financial difficulties for our clients, including limited access to the credit markets, insolvency or bankruptcy. Such conditions could cause clients to delay payment, request modifications of their payment terms, or default on their payment obligations to us, all of which could increase our receivables. Timely collection of dues for client services also depends on our ability to complete our contractual commitments and subsequently bill for and collect our contractual dues. For instance, some of us our customers have requested for extended payment terms due to the outbreak of COVID-19. For further details, please see “ _Risk Factors - The outbreak of Novel Coronavirus, or outbreak of any other severe communicable disease could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations_ ” on page 23. We are unable to meet our contractual obligations including the service level requirements under our contracts, we might experience delays in the collection of, or be unable to collect, our balances, and if this occurs, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. In addition, if we experience delays in billing and collection for our services, our cash flows could be adversely affected. 

**_39. Consolidation amongst, or change of ownership of, our MNO clients may result in the loss of MNO clients or reduce our potential client base, which would negatively impact our financial performance._** 

39 

Consolidation among MNOs may reduce our potential client base or may negatively impact our ability to expand our client base or may result in the loss of our current MNO client. In addition, as fewer MNO client gain control of the subscriber market, pricing pressure is likely to increase and consequently, a change of ownership of our MNO client could also result in the loss of our current client if the new owners select another messaging service provider to provide messaging solutions. All of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_40. Indemnity provisions in our various business agreements potentially expose us to substantial liability for intellectual property infringement and other losses._** 

Our agreements with our clients and other third-parties including MNOs typically include indemnification or other provisions under which we agree to indemnify or otherwise be liable to them for losses suffered or incurred as a result of claims of intellectual property infringement, damages caused by us, fraud or miscount by our employees or other liabilities relating to or arising from the use of our services or platform or content or other services provided by us or other acts or omissions. Further, in some of the agreement, the term of these contractual provisions often survives termination or expiration of the applicable agreement. Further, certain of our agreements with MNOs provide for a limit to the extent of their liability in case of any loss or damage in relation to the agreement, potentially further increasing our liability to third parties. Large indemnity payments or damage claims from contractual breach could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may still incur substantial liability related to them. Any dispute with a client with respect to such obligations could have adverse effects on our relationship with that client and other current and prospective clients, reduce demand for our services and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_41. MNOs operate in a highly regulated industry and the licences and the regulatory environment in which they operate are subject to change, which may indirectly adversely affect our operations._** 

We are dependent on MNOs to provide us connectivity to be able to provide our services and solutions to our clients. The telecommunications industry is subject to extensive government regulation and licencing requirements. The extensive regulatory structure under which they operate could constrain their flexibility to respond to market conditions, competition or changes in cost structure. In addition, our MNOs are required to obtain a wide variety of approvals and licences from various regulatory bodies. We cannot assure you that such approvals will be granted on a timely basis or at all. Regulatory bodies in different jurisdictions may also revise regulations or policies related to MNOs in the telecommunications industry on terms which may not be favourable to our MNO counterparts or which may result in uncertainties with respect to their implementation. In addition, the licences which our MNO counterparts require to operate in the telecommunications industry reserve broad discretion to such regulatory authorities to influence the conduct of their businesses by giving them the right to modify at any time the terms and conditions of such licences, take over our MNO counterparts’ networks and terminate, modify, revoke or suspend the licences in the event of default by such MNOs in complying with the terms and conditions of the licences. Any unfavourable change in the regulatory environment may adversely affect the business, financial condition and prospects of our MNO counterparts and this may in turn have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

**_42. The confidential information or data of our MNO clients may be misappropriated by our employees and as a result, cause us to breach our contractual obligations in relation to such confidential information._** 

We enter into confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with our employees to limit access to and distribution of the confidential information made available to them during the course of employment. We cannot assure you that the steps taken by us will adequately prevent the disclosure of confidential information by an employee or a subcontractor or a subcontractor’s employee and we may not have internal controls and processes to ensure that our employees comply with their obligations under such confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements. If the confidential information is disclosed by us or is misappropriated by our employees or subcontractors, our clients may raise claims against us for breach of our contractual obligations. The successful assertion of any claim may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_43. Our investments in technology, especially our research and development activities, may not yield the intended results in a timely manner or at all, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of_** 

40 

# **_operations._** 

We invest in and intend to continue investing in newer technologies, including, technologies to enhance our R&D capabilities, particularly with a view to enter into new businesses. Our focus areas include Internet of Things, big data analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning. Our choice of focus areas and investments in technology and human capital for R&D are based on the management’s perception of the messaging and cloud based communications industry. We cannot assure you that such investments will yield the intended results. Our inability to achieve intended results from our investments in R&D may adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 

**_44. Our inability to obtain, renew or maintain our statutory and regulatory permits and approvals required to operate our business may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We will be required to renew permits and approvals in relation to our existing operations and obtain new permits and approvals for any proposed operations as may be required under the applicable laws of the sector or region that we are operating in. There can be no assurance that relevant authorities will renew or issue any of such permits or approvals in the time-frame anticipated by us or at all. Our failure to renew, maintain or obtain the required permits or approvals may result in the interruption of our operations and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Compliance with many of the regulations applicable to our operations may involve incurring significant costs and otherwise may impose restrictions on our operations. We cannot assure you that we will not be subject to any adverse regulatory action in the future. If the interpretation of the regulators and authorities varies from our interpretation, we may be subject to penalties and the business of our Company could be adversely affected. If we fail to obtain or retain any of these approvals or licenses, or renewals thereof, in a timely manner, or at all, our business may be adversely affected. If we fail to comply, or a regulator claims we have not complied, with any of the terms and conditions stipulated under any of our licenses or permits, one or several of our licenses and certificates may be suspended or cancelled and we shall not be able to carry on the activities permitted thereunder. For further information, see _“Government and Other Approvals”_ on page 377. 

**_45. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all losses or liabilities that we may incur in our business and operations._** 

Our operations are subject to various risks inherent in cloud communication industry as well as fire, theft, earthquake, flood, acts of terrorism and other events beyond our control. We maintain insurance policies customary for our industry to cover certain risks, including fire and allied perils material damage, burglary and housebreaking, money in transit and/ or safe and electronic equipment. We also maintain a group mediclaim policy to cover our employees and their immediate family members. We also maintain directors’ and officers’ liability insurance and a public offering of securities insurance policy. In addition, we maintain insurance for vehicles owned by us. Our Company’s insurance cover as on the date of June 30, 2020 is approximately ₹ 409.16 million in respect of its net block of property, plant and equipment which stood at ₹ 212.79 million as of June 30, 2020. Consequently, our Company’s insurance cover as a percentage of its net block of property, plant and equipment as of June 30, 2020 was approximately 192.28%. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Insurance_ ” on page 131. 

Notwithstanding the insurance coverage that we carry, the occurrence of an event that causes losses in excess of the limits specified in our policies, or losses arising from events not covered by insurance policies, could harm our financial condition, business and future results of operations. However, in some cases, we may not have obtained the required insurance coverage or such insurance policies may have lapsed. For instance, we currently do not maintain any insurance against cyber-crime, corporate general liability or key-man insurance. In addition, our insurance policies may not continue to be available on reasonable terms, at economically acceptable premiums, or at all. There can be no assurance that any claims filed will be honoured fully or timely under our insurance policies. Also, our financial condition may be affected to the extent we suffer any loss or damage that is not covered by insurance or which exceeds our insurance coverage. 

41 

**_46. Certain premises, including our Registered Office are not owned by us and we have only leasehold or leave and license rights over them. In the event we lose such rights, our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected._** 

Certain premises used by our Company have been obtained on a lease basis, including our Registered Office. We cannot assure you that we will be able to renew our lease agreements or enter into new agreements in the future, on terms favourable to us, or at all. In the event that any lease agreement is not renewed, we will be required to expend time and financial resources to locate suitable land or building to set up our operations. Also, we may be unable to relocate to an appropriate location in a timely manner, or at all, and we cannot assure you that a relocated office will be as commercially viable. 

If a lease agreement is terminated, prior to its tenure or if it is not renewed, or if we are required to cease business operations at a property, for any reason whatsoever, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Further, if the vacated property is leased or sold to a competitor, we may also face increased competition in that geographic area, which could adversely affect our market share. For further information on our properties, see _“Our Business – Properties”_ on page 131. 

**_47. We have entered into, and will continue to enter into, related party transactions. There is no assurance that our future related party transactions would be on terms favourable to us when compared to similar transactions with unrelated or third parties._** 

We have entered into and may, in the course of our business, continue to enter into transactions with related parties including our Promoters, Subsidiaries and Group Companies in the future. Primarily these transactions include purchase of messaging services, travelling and conveyance, business promotion expenses, expenses reimbursed by and to other companies, rental income, advances to Promoters and remuneration to Directors and Key Managerial Personnel’s. For instance, we purchased messaging services amounting to ₹ 99.23 million, ₹ 1,207.80 million and ₹ 1,167.03 million from Spectrum Technologies, a Promoter Group entity, in Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively. For further information on our related party transactions, see _“Financial Information - Related Party Transactions”_ on page 328. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm length’s basis and in the ordinary course of business, there can be no assurance that we could not have achieved more favourable commercial terms with other parties. Further, it is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future and such transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to our Company. Although in terms of the Companies Act, 2013, we are required to adhere to various compliance requirements such as obtaining prior approvals from our Audit Committee, Board and Shareholders for certain related party transactions. There can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

**_48. Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds of the Offer are based on management estimates and have not been independently appraised, and may be subject to change based on various factors, some of which are beyond our control._** 

Our Company intends to use the Net Proceeds for the purposes described in “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 85. Subject to this section, our management will have broad discretion on deployment of the Net Proceeds. Our Company proposes to utilize ₹ 365.00 million from the Net Proceeds towards repayment or prepayment, in part or in full, of the existing loan facilities availed by our Company from HDFC Bank Limited and Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited. In terms of the facility agreements entered by our Company with HDFC Bank Limited and Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited, a consent from them is obtained. 

Investors will be relying on our judgement of our Company regarding the application of the Net Proceeds. While a monitoring agency will be appointed in compliance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations for monitoring utilisation of Net Proceeds, excluding the proceeds raised for general corporate purposes, our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds of the Offer are based on management estimates, quotations and our current business plan, and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. This is based on current conditions and is subject to change in light of changes in external circumstances, costs, other financial condition or business strategies. We may have to revise our expenditure and funding requirements as a result of variations in costs, estimates, 

42 

quotations or other external factors, which may not be within the control of our management. This may entail rescheduling, revising or cancelling planned expenditure and funding requirements at the discretion of our Board. 

# **_49. Certain of our Subsidiaries may have conflicts of interest as they are engaged in similar business and may compete with us._** 

Certain of our Subsidiaries are authorized to engage in businesses similar to our business operations. For further information of such Subsidiaries, see section titled _“Our Subsidiaries”_ on page 164. As a result, there may be conflicts of interest in allocating business opportunities between us and other Subsidiaries. There may also be conflicts of interest between our Subsidiaries and us in pursuing new contracts for cloud communication platform services. We have not entered into any non-compete agreements with our Subsidiaries. There can be no assurance that our Subsidiaries will not compete with our existing business or any future business that we may undertake or that we will be able to suitably resolve such a conflict without an adverse effect on our business. Any such present and future conflicts could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 

**_50. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon our future results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and working capital and capital expenditure requirements._** 

Any dividends to be declared and paid in the future are required to be recommended by our Board and approved by our shareholders, at their discretion, subject to our Dividend Policy, the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon our future results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, sufficient profitability, working capital requirements and capital expenditure requirements. We cannot assure you that we will generate sufficient revenues to cover our operating expenses and, as such, pay dividends to our shareholders in future consistent with our past practices, or at all. For information relating to dividend declared by us in the past, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 203. 

**_51. We face significant competition for highly skilled professionals, and our success depends in large part upon our ability to attract and retain these personnel. In Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020, and in the three months ended June 30, 2020, our Company’s attrition rates were 24.82%, 40.32%, 18.90% and 4.46%, respectively. Any inability on our part to attract and retain our key managerial personnel and/or talented professionals may adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our ability to execute projects and to obtain new clients depends largely on our ability to attract, train, motivate and retain highly skilled software professionals. The attrition rates in the industry in which we operate have been high due to a highly competitive skilled labor market. In Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, and in the three months ended June 30, 2020, our Company’s attrition rates were 24.82%, 40.32%, 18.90% and 4.46%, respectively. We invest significant time and money in training the professionals that we hire to perform the services we provide. These professionals are often targeted by the lateral recruitment efforts of our competitors, and in some cases by our clients. We believe that there is also a significant competition in our industry among employers to attract software professionals with the skills necessary to perform the services we offer. In addition, we may have difficulty in redeploying and retraining our software professionals to keep pace with continuing changes in technology, evolving standards and changing client preferences. If we cannot hire and retain additional qualified personnel, our ability to bid on and obtain new projects may be impaired and our revenues could decline. In addition, we may not be able to expand our business effectively thereby affecting our revenues and profitability. For further information on our Key Managerial Personnel, see “ _Our Management – Our Key Managerial Personnel_ ” on page 177. 

**_52. Our Promoters who are also our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel hold Equity Shares, and are, therefore, interested in our Company’s performance other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration of benefits._** 

Our Promoters who are also our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel _,_ have interests in our Company and Subsidiaries other than to the extent of normal remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses incurred. For further information, see _“Our Management”_ on page 177. There can be no assurance that our Promoters will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. 

43 

**_53. Our Promoters and Promoter Group will continue to retain significant control in our Company, which will allow them to influence the outcome of matters submitted to shareholders for approval._** 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters and Promoter Group hold 96.00% of pre-Offer share capital of our Company. Furthermore, after the completion of this Offer, our Promoters will control, directly or indirectly our Company and continue to hold substantial percentage of the issued and paid up equity share capital of our Company. As a result, our Promoters will continue to exercise significant control over us, including being able to control the composition of our Board and determine decisions requiring simple or special majority voting of shareholders, and our other shareholders may be unable to affect the outcome of such voting. Our Promoters may take or block actions with respect to our business which may conflict with the best interests of our Company or that of minority shareholders. We cannot assure you that our Promoters will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. 

# **_54. If there are delays or cost overruns in utilisation of Net Proceeds, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

We intend to utilise the Net Proceeds of the Offer as set forth in “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 85. 

The fund requirement mentioned as a part of the objects of the Offer is based on internal management estimates and has not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. This is based on current conditions and is subject to change in light of changes in external circumstances, costs, other financial condition or business strategies. Furthermore, we may need to vary the objects of the Offer due to several factors or circumstances including competitive and dynamic market conditions, variation in cost structures, changes in estimates due to cost overruns or delays, which may be beyond our control. Pursuant to Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, any variation in the objects of the Offer as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus, would require a special resolution of our shareholders. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the shareholders’ approval in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such shareholders’ approval may adversely affect our business or operations. 

In particular, we propose to deploy a certain portion of the Net Proceeds to purchase an office space with approximately 55,000 sq. ft. of useable area located in the vicinity of Malad and Goregaon suburbs in Mumbai by utilizing ₹ 650.00 million from the Net Proceeds. For further information, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 85. Any failure to acquire the aforesaid office space pursuant to a particular portion of the Net Proceeds, may lead to a failure in our attempt to reduce our lease rental costs and improve our operational efficiencies. Further, a delay in utilising the Net Proceeds to pay the Earn out amount in respect of the 365squared Acquisition will also have a material impact on our operations, business and financial condition. 

At this stage, we cannot determine with any certainty if we would require the Net Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. In accordance with Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds or in the terms of any contract as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus without obtaining the shareholders’ approval through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the shareholders’ approval in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such shareholders’ approval may adversely affect our business or operations. 

Further, our Promoters would be required to provide an exit opportunity to the shareholders who do not agree with our proposal to change the objects of the Offer or vary the terms of such contracts, at a price and manner as prescribed by SEBI. Additionally, the requirement on Promoters or controlling shareholders to provide an exit opportunity to such dissenting shareholders may deter the Promoters or controlling shareholders from agreeing to the variation of the proposed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. 

In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake variation of objects of the Offer to use any unutilized proceeds of the Fresh Issue, if any, or vary the terms of any contract referred to in this Red Herring Prospectus, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our Company’s ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilised portion of Net Proceeds, if any, or varying the terms of 

44 

contract, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_55. We have experienced negative cash flow in Fiscal 2018, and may continue to do so in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

We have experienced negative net cash flows in Fiscal 2018, the details of which are provided below: 

|**Particulars**|**Three**<br>**Months**<br>**Ended**<br>**June 30,**<br>**2020**|**Fiscal**<br>**2020**|**Fiscal 2019**|_(in ₹ million)_<br>**Fiscal 2018**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Net cashgenerated from/(used in)operatingactivities|811.30|934.37|284.61|321.80|
|Net cash(used in)investingactivities|(276.75)|2.24|(50.13)|(1,302.13)|
|Net cash(used in)/generated from financingactivities|(10.59)|(623.41)|(225.76)|423.90|
|Net increase/(decrease)in cash and cash equivalents|524.75|321.17|58.87|(577.27)|



For further information on the negative cash flows in Fiscal 2018, see “ _Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations_ ” on page 333. We may incur negative cash flows in the future which may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_56. Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from industry reports. There can be no assurance that such third party statistical, financial and other industry data in this Red Herring Prospectus may be complete or reliable._** 

We have not independently verified data obtained from industry publications and other third party sources, including the ROCCO Reports, and Juniper Reports, referred to in this Red Herring Prospectus. These reports are subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. We have not independently verified data from these industry reports. Although we believe that the data may be considered to be reliable, the accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed and dependability cannot be assured. While we have taken reasonable care in the reproduction of the information, the information has not been prepared or independently verified by us, any of the BRLMs or any of our or their respective affiliates or advisors and, therefore, we make no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of such facts and statistics. Due to possibly flawed or ineffective collection methods or discrepancies between published information and market practice and other problems, the statistics herein may be inaccurate or may not be comparable to statistics produced for other economies and should not be unduly relied upon. Further, there is no assurance that they are stated or compiled on the same basis or with the same degree of accuracy as may be the case elsewhere. Statements from third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amounts may differ materially from those included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Further, this Red Herring Prospectus contains certain statistical information relating to the cloud communication industry that is sourced from third parties. This information includes general market and industry data that is derived from both public and private sources, including market and industry data that is derived from both public and private sources, including market research, publicly available information and industry publications. Such data may also be produced on different bases from those used in other industry publications. Therefore, discussions of matters relating to India, its economy and the industries in which we currently operate in this Red Herring Prospectus are subject to the caveat that the statistical and other data upon which such discussions are based may be incomplete or unreliable. Investors should exercise caution when relying upon such third-party information. 

**_57. We have capital commitments to our Subsidiaries and any failure in performance, financial or otherwise, of our Subsidiaries in which we have made investment could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations of our Company._** 

Our Company has made and continues to incur capital investments and other commitments either at the company level 

45 

or directly in its Subsidiaries for augmenting their respective businesses. These investments and commitments may include capital contributions to enhance the financial condition or liquidity position of our Subsidiaries. Our Company has made acquisitions and may make further capital investments in the future, which may be financed through additional debt, including through debt of our Subsidiaries. If the business and operations of these Subsidiaries deteriorate, our Company’s investments may be required to be written down or written off. Additionally, certain advances may not be repaid or may need to be restructured or receivables may not be collected or our Company may be required to outlay further capital under its commitments to support such companies. For further information on our investments, outstanding advances to and receivables from our Subsidiaries refer to “ _Financial Statements”_ on page 204. 

The obligation of our Company towards Subsidiaries is restricted to providing funding requirements in enhancing the business of its subsidiaries and providing credit support for various loans availed by them. Any failure in performance, financial or otherwise, of our Subsidiaries in which we have made investment could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations of our Company. 

# **_58. Two of our Key Managerial Personnel do not have documents evidencing certain information in relation to their relevant past experience and/or educational qualifications._** 

Two of our Key Managerial Personnel, Sharad Kumar and Ramesh Helaiya, do not have documents evidencing certain information in relation to their respective past experience and/ or educational qualifications included in their respective biography under the section “ _Our Management – Our Key Managerial Personnel_ ” beginning on page 177. Accordingly, in making such disclosures, we have relied on affidavits executed by Sharad Kumar and Ramesh Helaiya. 

**_59. We or our counterparties may engage in certain transactions in or with countries or persons that are subject to U.S. and other sanctions._** 

U.S. law generally prohibits or restricts U.S. persons from directly or indirectly investing or otherwise doing business in or with certain countries or territories and with certain persons or businesses that have been specially designated by the OFAC or other U.S. government agencies. Other governments and international or regional organizations also administer similar economic sanctions. 

We have undertaken certain transactions with entities doing business with, or located in, countries to which certain OFAC-administered and other sanctions apply. Although we believe that we have compliance systems in place that are sufficient to block prohibited transactions, and we have not been notified that any penalties or other measures will be imposed on us, there can be no assurance that we will be able to fully monitor all of our transactions for any potential violation. 

We can provide no assurances that our future business will be free of risk under sanctions implemented by these jurisdictions or that we will conform our business to the expectations and requirements of the United States authorities or the authorities of any other government that do not have jurisdiction over our business but nevertheless assert the right to impose sanctions on an extraterritorial basis. Further, investors in the Equity Shares could incur reputational or other risks as a result of our or our counterparties’ dealings in or with countries or with persons that are the subject of U.S. sanctions. In addition, because many sanctions programs are evolving, new requirements or restrictions could come into effect which might increase regulatory scrutiny of our business or result in one or more of our business activities being deemed to have violated sanctions, or being sanctionable. 

# **_60. Some of our Group Companies and Subsidiaries have incurred losses in the preceding three financial years, based on their last audited financial statements available._** 

Some of our Group Companies and Subsidiaries have incurred losses in the preceding three financial years, based on their audited financial statements available. For further information on our loss making Group Companies, see “ _Group Companies – Loss making Group Companies_ ” on page 198. For further information, see _“Our Subsidiaries”_ and _“Financial Statements”_ on pages 164 and 204, respectively. There can be no assurance that our Group Companies or Subsidiaries will not incur losses in the future. 

46 

**_61. Our Promoters and certain Group Companies have unsecured loans that may be recalled by the lenders at any time._** 

Our Promoters and certain Group Companies currently have availed unsecured loans which may be called by their lenders at any time. In the event that any lender seeks a repayment of any such loan, our Promoters and Group Companies would need to find alternative sources of financing, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 

**_62. We may be classified as a passive foreign investment company, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors of our Equity Shares._** 

We would be classified as a passive foreign investment company (“ **PFIC** ”) for any taxable year if, after the application of certain look-through rules, either: (i) 75% or more of our gross income for such year is “passive income” (as defined in the relevant provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended), or (ii) 50% or more of the value of our assets (determined on the basis of a quarterly average) during such year is attributable to assets that produce or are held for the production of passive income. 

Based on the value of our assets and the composition of our income, assets and operations, we believe we were not a PFIC for the taxable year ending on March 31, 2020. However, a separate determination must be made each year as to our Company’s PFIC status. Moreover, the PFIC determination depends, among other things, our market capitalization, which could fluctuate significantly. Accordingly, it is possible that we may become a PFIC for the current taxable year or future years. There will likely be certain adverse consequences to U.S. investors under United States tax laws if we were to be a PFIC in the current or any future taxable year in which such U.S. investors hold Equity Shares. In addition, in the event we are treated as a PFIC, U.S. investors will be subject to certain U.S. Internal Revenue Service information reporting obligations. U.S. investors should consult their tax advisors on this matter. 

**_63. The determination of the Price Band is subject to various factors and assumptions and the Offer Price may not be indicative of the trading price of the Equity Shares, upon listing on the Stock Exchanges subsequent to the Offer. Further, the current trading price of equity shares listed pursuant to certain past issues handled by the BRLMs is below their respective issue price._** 

The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions, and was determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders in consultation with the BRLMs. Further, the Offer Price of the Equity Shares was determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders in consultation with the BRLMs through the Book Building Process. This price is based on certain factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 94 and may not be indicative of the trading price of the Equity Shares, upon listing on the Stock Exchanges subsequent to the Offer. The trading price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure that you will be able to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

Further, the BRLMs have previously handled issues wherein the market price of the issued shares declined below the issue price of shares in such issues within 30 days of their listing and in certain cases continued to trade at a price lower than their listing price on the 180th day from their listing. We cannot, therefore, assure you that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. For further information regarding the track record of past issues handled by each of the BRLMs, see “ _Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Price Information of past issues handled by the BRLMs_ ” on page 383. We cannot assure you that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

# **_64. Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale by the Selling Shareholders._** 

The Offer consists of the Fresh Issue by our Company and an Offer for Sale by the Selling Shareholders. The entire proceeds of the Offer for Sale will be respectively transferred to the Selling Shareholders and will not result in any creation of value for us or in respect of your investment in our Company. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

47 

**_65. The COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency, could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

In late 2019, COVID-19 emerged and by March 11, 2020 was declared a global pandemic by The World Health Organization. Governments and municipalities around the world instituted measures in an effort to control the spread of COVID-19, including quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, school closings, travel restrictions, lock down of cities fand closure of non-essential businesses. By the end of March, the macroeconomic impacts became significant, exhibited by, among other things, a rise in unemployment and market volatility. The outbreak of COVID-19 in many countries, including India, the United Kingdom and the United States, has significantly and adversely impacted economic activity and has contributed to significant volatility and negative pressure in financial markets, and it is possible that the outbreak of COVID-19 will cause a prolonged global economic crisis, recession or depression, despite monetary and fiscal interventions by governments and central banks globally. On March 24, 2020, the Government of India ordered a national lockdown in response to the spread of COVID-19. Although some governments are beginning to ease or lift these restrictions, the impacts from the severe disruptions caused by the effective shutdown of large segments of the global economy remain unknown and no prediction can be made of when any of the restrictions currently in place will be relaxed or expire, or whether or when further restrictions will be announced. 

The outbreak, or threatened outbreak, of any severe communicable disease (particularly COVID-19) could materially adversely affect overall business sentiment and environment, particularly if such outbreak is inadequately controlled. The spread of any severe communicable disease may also adversely affect the operations of our clients and service providers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in authorities implementing several measures such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders, and shutdowns. These measures have impacted and may further impact our workforce and operations, the operations of our clients, and those of our respective service providers. There is currently substantial medical uncertainty regarding COVID-19 and no government-certified treatment or vaccine is available. A rapid increase in severe cases and deaths where measures taken by governments fail or are lifted prematurely, may cause significant economic disruption in India and in the rest of the world. The scope, duration and frequency of such measures and the adverse effects of COVID-19 remain uncertain and could be severe. If any of our employees were suspected of contracting COVID-19 or any other epidemic disease, this could require us to quarantine some or all of these employees or disinfect the facilities used for our operations. In addition, our revenue and profitability could be impacted to the extent that a natural disaster, health epidemic or other outbreak harms the Indian and global economy in general. 

The outbreak has significantly increased economic uncertainty. It is likely that the current outbreak or continued spread of COVID-19 will cause an economic slowdown and it is possible that it could cause a global recession. The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices (including employee travel, employee work locations, and cancellation of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences), and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, and suppliers. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the outbreak, and our ability to perform critical functions could be harmed. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Business Response to COVID-19”_ on page 131. The extent to which the COVID-19 further impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions taken globally to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection for all costs that may arise from all such possible events. We are still assessing our business operations and system supports and the impact COVID-19 may have on our results and financial condition, but there can be no assurance that this analysis will enable us to avoid part or all of any impact from the spread of COVID-19 or its consequences, including downturns in business sentiment generally or in our sector in particular. The degree to which COVID-19 impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of the outbreak, its severity, the actions taken to contain the outbreak or treat its impact, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. The above risks can threaten the safe operation of our facilities and cause disruption of operational activities, environmental harm, loss of life, injuries and impact the wellbeing of our people. 

Further in case the lockdown is extended, it could result in muted economic growth or give rise to a recessionary economic scenario, in India and globally, which could adversely affect the business, prospects, results of operations 

48 

and financial condition of our Company. The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency impacts our business, operations and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including: the scope, severity, and duration of the pandemic; actions taken by governments, business and individuals in response to the pandemic; the effect on customer demand for and ability to pay for our products; the impact on our capital expenditure and drug development projects; disruptions or restrictions on our employees’ and suppliers’ ability to work and travel; volatility in foreign exchange rates; any extended period of remote work arrangements; and strain on our or our customers’ business continuity plans, and resultant operational risk. 

Also, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Recent Developments – Impact of COVID-19_ ” on page 333. 

**_66. Unfavorable conditions in our industry or the global economy or reductions in spending on information technology and communications could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our results of operations may vary based on the impact of changes in our industry or the global economy on our clients. Our results of operations depend in part on demand for information technology and cloud communications. In addition, our revenue is dependent on the usage of our services, which in turn is influenced by the scale of business that our clients are conducting. To the extent that weak economic conditions result in a reduced volume of business for, and communications by, our clients and prospective clients, demand for, and use of, our products may decline. Further, weak economic conditions may make it more difficult to collect on outstanding accounts receivable. Small and medium-sized business may be affected by economic downturns to a greater extent than enterprises, and typically have more limited financial resources, including capital-borrowing capacity, than enterprises. The Indian economy has also been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. For further discussion on the impact of COVID-19, please see “ _Risk Factors – The COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency, could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.”_ on page 23. If our clients reduce their use of our services, or prospective clients delay adoption or elect not to adopt our services, as a result of a weak economy, this could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_67. There have been allegations in recent years that there may be health risks associated with the use of portable mobile communication devices which could adversely affect our business._** 

Portable communication devices may pose health risks due to radio frequency emissions from such devices. Several mobile communications equipment manufacturers have undertaken studies concerning the health risks associated with using mobile communications devices and have publicly announced that there is no evidence of any health hazards or risks. However, the actual or perceived risk of mobile communications devices in India could adversely affect us through a reduced subscriber growth rate or a reduction in subscribers or reduced network usage per subscriber or through a claim for compensation. 

**_68. The markets in which we operate are subject to the risk of natural and manmade disasters including earthquakes, floods and storms._** 

Some of the regions that we operate in are prone to earthquakes, floods, storms and other natural and manmade disasters. In the event that any of the telecommunication networks, other infrastructure providers and our facilities are affected by any such disasters, we may sustain damage to our operations and properties, suffer significant financial losses or be unable to complete our client’s engagements in a timely manner, if at all. Further, in the event of a natural disaster, we may also incur costs in redeploying personnel and property. 

In addition, if there is a major earthquake, flood or other natural disaster in any of the locations in which our significant clients including MNOs which provide us connectivity are located, we face the risk that our clients may incur losses, or sustained business interruption, which may impair our ability to provide services to our clients and may limit their ability to continue their purchase of services or solutions from us or even terminate the contract entered into with us by giving notice and paying for the portion of the work done and any non-recoverable investments made pursuant to the contract by us. A major earthquake, flood or other natural disaster in the markets in which we operate could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

49 

# **_69. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes may adversely  affect  our  business,  results  of  operations  and  prospects,  to  the  extent  that  we  are  unable  to  suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. For example, the Government of India implemented a comprehensive national goods and services tax (“ **GST** ”) regime with effect from July 1, 2017, that combined multiple taxes and levies by the Central and State Governments into a unified tax structure. 

The Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2021and the Ministry of Finance has notified the Finance Act, 2020 (“ **Finance Act** ”) on March 27, 2020, pursuant to assent received from the President, and the Finance Act will come into operation with effect from July 1, 2020. There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance  Act  may  have  on  our  business  and  operations  or  on  the  industry  in  which  we  operate.  We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us  to apply  for  additional  approvals. For  instance, a draft of the Personal Data Protection Bill, 2019 (“ **Bill** ”) has been introduced before the Lok Sabha on December 11, 2019, which is currently being referred to a joint parliamentary committee by the Parliament. We may incur increased costs and other  burdens  relating  to  compliance  with  such new  requirements,  which may  also  require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results  of  operations  and  prospects.  Uncertainty  in  the  applicability, interpretation  or  implementation  of  any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

**_70. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as IFRS and U.S. GAAP, which may be material to investors' assessment of our financial condition._** 

The Restated Financial Statements for Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020 and for the three months ended June 30, 2020 have been prepared under Ind AS notified under the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 read with the Companies Act, 2013. 

Except as otherwise provided in the “ _Financial Statements_ ”, no attempt has been made to reconcile any of the information given in this Red Herring Prospectus to any other principles or to base the information on any other standards. Ind AS differs from other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar, such as IFRS and U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, the degree to which the financial statements, which are restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, included in this Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Ind AS. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited. In addition, our Restated Financial Statements may be subject to change if new or amended Ind AS accounting standards are issued in the future or if we revise our elections or selected exemptions in respect of the relevant regulations for the implementation of Ind AS. For further information, see _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Presentation of Financial Information – First Time Adoption of Ind AS_ ” and “ _Restated Financial Information - Notes to Restated Financial Information - Recent Accounting Pronouncements_ ” on pages 204 and 333, respectively. 

**_71. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

Our Company is incorporated in India, and the majority of our assets and employees are located in India. As a result, we are highly dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India and our results of operations are significantly affected by factors influencing the Indian economy. Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations, may include: 

50 

- the macroeconomic climate, including any increase in Indian interest rates or inflation; 

- any exchange rate fluctuations, the imposition of currency controls and restrictions on the right to convert or repatriate currency or export assets; 

- the prolonged impact of the outbreak of the COVID-19 or any similar future outbreaks of influenza or a similar contagious diseases; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing for our expansions; 

- prevailing income conditions among Indian consumers and Indian corporations; 

- volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; 

- political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; 

- prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; 

- geopolitical events such withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on global economic conditions and stability of the global financial markets; 

- international business practices that may conflict with other customs or legal requirements to which we are subject, including anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws; 

- protectionist and other adverse public policies, including local content requirements, import/export tariffs, increased regulations or capital investment requirements; 

- logistical and communications challenges; 

- difficulty in developing any necessary partnerships with local businesses on commercially acceptable terms and/or a timely basis; and 

- being subject to the jurisdiction of foreign courts, including uncertainty of judicial processes and difficulty enforcing contractual agreements or judgments in foreign legal systems or incurring additional costs to do so. 

In addition, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has caused an economic downturn in several major economies and generated volatility in, and general adverse impact on, the global securities markets, including in India; further, it is not possible for us to predict the extent and duration of this volatility and adverse impact on the global or Indian securities markets, including any possible impact on our Equity Shares. For further discussion on COVID-19, see “ _Risk Factors – The COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency, could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._ ” on page 23. Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy, could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_72. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us._** 

Our Company is a company incorporated under the laws of India. A majority of our Company’s Directors and officers are residents of India and a substantial portion of our assets and such persons are located in India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce judgments obtained against such parties outside India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if that court was of the view that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy, or if judgments are in breach or contrary to Indian law. In addition, a party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain approval from the RBI to execute such a judgment or to repatriate outside India any amounts recovered. 

# **_73. Any downgrading of India’s debt rating by an international rating agency could adversely affect our business._** 

India’s sovereign rating could be downgraded due to various factors, including changes in tax or fiscal policy or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves, which are outside our control. In the past, rating agencies have downgraded India’s sovereign rating. Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by domestic or international rating agencies may adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing, and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. This could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance, ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures and the price of the Equity Shares. 

51 

# **Risks Relating to the Equity Shares** 

# **_74. The trading volume and market price of the Equity Shares may be volatile following the Offer._** 

The market price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate as a result of, among other things, the following factors, some of which are beyond our control: 

- quarterly variations in our results of operations; 

- results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

- results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

- changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research analysts and investors; 

- a change in research analysts’ recommendations; 

- announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments; 

- announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

- new laws and governmental regulations applicable to our industry; 

- additions or departures of key management personnel; 

- changes in exchange rates; 

- fluctuations in stock market prices and volume; and 

- general economic and stock market conditions. 

Changes in relation to any of the factors listed above could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_75. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 94 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

**_76. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and the Offer may not result in an active or liquid market for the Equity Shares. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and the investors may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the stock exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India and volatility in the Stock Exchanges and securities markets elsewhere in the world. 

# **_77. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares, and payments on Equity Shares may be subject to FATCA withholding after December 31, 2018._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of Equity Shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. However, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares on or before March 31, 2018 on a stock exchange held for more than 12 months will not be subject to long term capital gains tax in India if Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”) is paid on the sale transaction and additionally, as stipulated by the Finance Act, 2017, STT had been paid at the time of acquisition of such equity shares on or after October 1, 2004, except in the case of such acquisitions of equity shares which are not subject to STT, as notified by the Central 

52 

Government under notification no. 43/2017/F. No. 370142/09/2017-TPL on June 5, 2017. However, the Finance Act, 2018, has now levied taxes on such long term capital gains exceeding ₹ 100,000 arising from sale of Equity Shares on or after April 1, 2018, while continuing to exempt the unrealized capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on such Equity Shares. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of STT, on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. For further information, see “ _Statement of Tax Benefits_ ” on page 97. 

Provisions under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “ **Code** ”) and U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder commonly known as “FATCA” generally impose a 30% withholding tax on certain “foreign passthru payments” made by a non-U.S. financial institution (including an intermediary) that has entered into an agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “ **IRS** ”) to perform certain diligence and reporting obligations (each such non-U.S. financial institution, a “Participating Foreign Financial Institution”). If payments on the Equity Shares are made by a Participating Foreign Financial Institution (including an intermediary), this withholding may be imposed on such payments if made to any non-U.S. financial institution (including an intermediary) that is not a Participating Foreign Financial Institution and is not otherwise exempt from FATCA or other holders who do not provide sufficient identifying information to the payor, to the extent such payments are considered “foreign passthru payments”. Under current guidance, the term “foreign passthru payment” is not defined and it is therefore not clear whether or to what extent payments on the Equity Shares would be considered foreign passthru payments. Withholding on foreign passthru payments would not be required with respect to payments made before January 1, 2019. 

The United States has entered into intergovernmental agreements with many jurisdictions (including India) that modify the FATCA withholding regime described above. We have registered with the IRS as a financial institution pursuant to the intergovernmental agreement between the United States and India. It is not yet clear how the intergovernmental agreements between the United States and these jurisdictions will address “foreign passthru payments” and whether such agreements will require us or other financial institutions to withhold or report on payments on the Equity Shares to the extent they are treated as foreign passthru payments. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the consequences of FATCA, or any intergovernmental agreement or nonU.S. legislation implementing FATCA, to their investment in Equity Shares. 

**_78. Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us or sales of our Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead  to  other  adverse  consequences  including  difficulty  in  raising  capital  through  offering of  our  Equity  Shares  or incurring additional debt. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that we will not issue Equity Shares or that our Shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

**_79. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 426. 

53 

**_80. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the Rupee and foreign currencies could have an adverse effect on the value of the Equity Shares in those currencies, independent of our operating results._** 

The Equity Shares are quoted in Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of the Equity Shares will be paid in Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares outside India, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares, may reduce the net proceeds received by investors. The exchange rate between the Rupee and foreign currencies (including U.S. dollar) has changed substantially in the last two decades and could fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the value of the Equity Shares and returns from the Equity Shares in foreign currency terms, independent of our results. 

**_81. Investors will be subject to market risks until the Equity Shares credited to the investor’s demat account are listed and permitted to trade._** 

Investors may begin trading the Equity Shares allotted to them only after they have been credited to an investor’s demat account, are listed and permitted to trade. Since the Equity Shares are currently not traded on the Stock Exchanges, investors will be subject to market risk from the date they pay for the Equity Shares to the date when trading approval is granted for the same. Further, there can be no assurance that the Equity Shares allocated to an investor will be credited to the investor’s demat account or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner. 

**_82. Investors may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction the investors are in, does not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our Company filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless our Company makes such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in our Company would be reduced. 

54 

