# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. Potential Investors should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described in this section, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. In addition, we have described the risks and uncertainties that our management believes are material to us, the Equity Shares or the aesthetics industry, but such risks and uncertainties are not exhaustive, and additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or which we currently deem to be immaterial, may arise or may become material in the future. If one, or a combination of any of such risks occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could suffer, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or a part of your investment. Unless specified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implication of any of the risks mentioned in this section. In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Offer including the merits and the risks involved. To obtain a complete understanding of our business, see “Our Business”, “Industry Overview”, “Financial Information” and “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations” beginning on pages 120, 96, 183 and 255, respectively. Any potential purchaser of the Equity Shares should pay attention to the fact that we are incorporated under the laws of India, and are governed by a legal and regulatory environment which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_Our Company completed the Exotech Acquisition on April 5, 2021. Accordingly, the Proforma Condensed Consolidated Financial Information has been included in this Red Herring Prospectus to show the impact of the Exotech Acquisition on our Company, its financial performance and financial condition. For further information, see “Proforma Condensed Consolidated Financial Information” on page 291. Our Restated Consolidated Financial Information as at and for the three month period ended June 30, 2021 (which includes the financial performance and financial condition of Exotech) may not be comparable to our Restated Consolidated Financial Information for prior periods._ 

_In this Red Herring Prospectus, unless specified otherwise, any reference to “the Company” or “our Company” refers to S.J.S. Enterprises Limited, on a standalone basis, and a reference to “we”, “us” or “our”: (1) for any period prior to April 1, 2021 is a reference to our Company on a standalone basis, and (2) for any period after April 1, 2021 is a reference to our Company together with our Subsidiary, on a consolidated basis._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For details, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 23._ 

_The industry related information contained in this section is derived or extracted from the CRISIL Report which has been commissioned, and paid for, by our Company for the purposes of confirming our understanding of the aesthetics industry exclusively in connection with the Offer. Also see “Industry Overview” and “—47. This Red Herring Prospectus contains information from industry sources including the industry report prepared by CRISIL which has been commissioned, and paid for, by our Company for the purpose of this Red Herring Prospectus. Investors are advised not to place undue reliance on such information.” on pages 96 and 50, respectively._ 

# **Risks relating to our Company, our business and industry** 

**_1. We may be unable to successfully integrate and manage Exotech or other strategic alliances or acquisitions that we may undertake in the future, which may expose us to business and financial risk._** 

We completed the Exotech Acquisition on April 5, 2021 pursuant to the Exotech SPA entered into by our Company with our Subsidiary’s former shareholders (the “ **Exotech Former Shareholders** ”) and our Subsidiary. We believe that the Exotech Acquisition will enhance our product portfolio, manufacturing capabilities and customer base and will help us enhance our cross-selling opportunities. We have undertaken certain steps towards, and intend to continue to complete, the integration of our Subsidiary’s business, manufacturing facilities and personnel with that of our Company. For further details, see “ _Our Business—Our Business Strategy—Integrate our Subsidiary and enhance opportunities_ ” on page 120. 

However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully integrate our Subsidiary into our business and operations, or the Exotech Acquisition will bring us the anticipated benefits. Further, our Subsidiary focuses on manufacturing painted, printed and chrome-plated plastics. Certain customers may prefer other technologies or processes over chrome-plating on account of their environment friendliness. 

The acquisition of our Subsidiary could also expose us to unanticipated business uncertainties, unknown or undisclosed liabilities or prior non-compliances. Pursuant to the Exotech SPA, we have assumed existing liabilities of our Subsidiary which, if realized, may affect our financial condition and our profitability. Although we have conduced due diligence on our Subsidiary with the objective of identifying any material existing liabilities, we may not have been able to identify all such liabilities prior to the completion of the Exotech Acquisition. The terms of the Exotech SPA contain limited representations and warranties, some of which are qualified by certain disclosures as well as by the knowledge of the Exotech Former Shareholders. The Exotech SPA provides for indemnities from the Exotech Former Shareholders, however, these are limited by monetary ceilings and time, among others, and may limit our recourse under the Exotech SPA. Any losses or liabilities suffered by us in relation to our Subsidiary for which we are unable to recover under the Exotech SPA may materially adversely affect our cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

25 

We intend to continue to evaluate, and selectively pursue, inorganic opportunities where products, resources, capabilities, operations and strategies are complementary and that will diversify our product portfolio, provide us access to a wider customer base, help us expand into new geographies and consolidate our market position as a leading aesthetics solution provider. These opportunities could be by way of strategic alliances, acquisitions, joint ventures, technological collaborations, partner tie-ups and asset purchases. We cannot assure you that we will identify suitable acquisition or investment opportunities or that if we do identify suitable opportunities, that we will complete those transactions on terms commercially acceptable to us or at all, which may adversely affect our competitiveness and growth prospects. Any new inorganic growth opportunities may require us to incur additional capital expenditure or assume new debt or expose us to future funding obligations or integration risks and we cannot assure you that such alliances or acquisitions will contribute to our profitability. If we complete such an acquisition, we could encounter difficulties and risks in integrating the acquired operations such as: 

- difficulty in assimilating the operations and personnel of the acquired businesses and maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies; 

- inability of our management to focus on our routine business operations or to realize the projected operational and financial benefits from the acquisition; and 

- impairment of relationships with employees and customers as a result of any integration of new management personnel. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to achieve the strategic purpose of such acquisition or operational integration or our targeted return on investment. If we fail to efficiently or completely integrate an acquired business with us, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

# **_2. There are other interests of our Promoters and our Directors in our Company, other than normal remuneration or benefits or reimbursement of expenses incurred._** 

Our Promoters are interested in our Company to the extent of their respective shareholding in our Company and the dividends and other distributions thereon, and in the case of K.A. Joseph, he is interested in our Company to the extent of: (i) his promotion of our Company; (ii) the shareholding of his relatives in our Company and the dividends payable, if any, and any other distributions in respect of the Equity Shares held by them or their relatives; (ii) being the Managing Director of our Company and the remuneration, sitting fees or reimbursement of expenses payable by our Company to him; (iv) of being a subscriber to the Memorandum of Association; and (v) transfer of the land located at survey no. 5/11 (old survey no. 5/1), Thalaghattapura Village, Uttarahalli Hobli, Bangalore South Taluk to the partnership firm, S.J.S. Enterprises (erstwhile name of our Company) in 2001 (for details of the ongoing litigation pertaining to this land, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments—Litigation against K.A. Joseph_ ” on page 300). 

Additionally, Kazi Arif Uz Zaman, our Non-Executive Nominee Director, is interested in our Company to the extent of providing management consultancy services for a professional fee of ₹3.50 million, to assist our Company with the Exotech Acquisition, pursuant to the engagement letter dated January 19, 2021. For more information, see “ _Our Management—Interest of our Directors_ ” on page 160. 

One of our Promoters, Evergraph, does not possess significant experience in the decorative aesthetics industry. Evergraph has entered into an arrangement with Sanders Consulting, a company jointly owned by our Executive Director and CEO, Sanjay Thapar, pursuant to which Evergraph has agreed to make certain payments to Sanders Consulting (linked to the profit on the sale of the Equity Shares sold by Evergraph), in exchange for non-binding strategic and operational advice in relation to its activities and investments in the industrial graphics sector, among others. For more information, see “ _Our Management—Interest of Directors_ ” on page 160. Sanders Consulting also owns certain Equity Shares in our Company. For more information, see “ _Capital Structure—Details of shareholding of the major Shareholders of our Company_ ” on page 78. 

# **_3. The coronavirus disease (COVID-19) and the measures taken by the government to curb its spread could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The extent to which the COVID19 pandemic will impact our business, operations and financial performance is uncertain and cannot be predicted._** 

In response to the outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus (COVID-19), the governments of many countries, including India, have taken preventive or protective actions, such as prohibiting people from assembling in heavily populated areas, instituting quarantines, issuing advisories and imposing country or state wide lockdowns, including restrictions on travel and temporary closure of business operations, restricting the types of businesses that may continue to operate, ‘stay-at-home’ orders, and enforcing increased remote working protocols. India imposed a nationwide lockdown beginning on March 25, 2020, which has been subject to successive extensions. Most state governments in India have also announced state level lockdowns from time to time to curb the spread of COVID-19. While there have been multiple relaxations and calibrated easing of lockdown measures by the government, lockdowns and other similar 

26 

restrictions have been reintroduced by most state governments in India from time to time. We cannot predict if stricter lockdowns or other restrictions will not be re-introduced or extended in the future to curb the further spread of COVID19. 

The outbreak of COVID-19 and the measures adopted by governments in various countries to curb its spread have significantly and adversely impacted, and will likely continue to impact, economic activity. The severe disruptions caused by them have contributed to significant volatility in global financial markets and have led to an effective shutdown of large segments of the global economy. A number of governments and organizations have revised GDP growth forecasts for 2021 downwards in response to the economic slowdown caused by the spread of COVID-19, and it is possible that the COVID-19 pandemic will result in a prolonged global economic crisis, stagnation, recession or depression, despite monetary and fiscal interventions by governments and central banks globally. As at the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact the global economy and accordingly, our business, financial condition and operations continue to be adversely affected. 

During Fiscal 2021, on account of the government restrictions in India due to COVID-19 pandemic, our Registered and Corporate Office and operations at our Company’s manufacturing facility in Bengaluru were closed for a period of two weeks pursuant to the directives from the central/local authorities. On easing of restrictions imposed pursuant to the initial lockdown and upon classification of our Company under the essential services category prescribed by the Karnataka state government, it resumed operations in a phased manner as per the Government of India and the Karnataka state government’s directives after making arrangements to meet the government’s requirements on sanitization, people movement and social distancing. 

The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic caused us to modify some of our business practices, including implementation of a work from home regime for certain executives, to the extent possible, and cancellation of physical participation in certain meetings, events and conferences, or substitution with virtual participation. During various lockdowns, we continued paying salaries/wages to all employees and outsourced manpower. The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in a slowdown in the automotive and consumer appliance industries as well as minor disruptions in the supply of raw materials from our domestic and international suppliers. Such disruptions in operations impacted our business performance during the first quarter of Fiscal 2021. While our Company was able to grow its overall business and operations, with a growth of 16.40% in revenue from operations to ₹2,516.16 million in Fiscal 2021 from ₹2,161.73 million in Fiscal 2020, our Subsidiary was adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic in Fiscal 2021. Our Subsidiary’s revenue from operations decreased by 5.80% to ₹685.26 million in Fiscal 2021 from ₹727.57 million in Fiscal 2020. For more details, see “ _Our Business—Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic_ ” on page 120. 

There has been a second wave of COVID-19 in India since April 2021, leading to certain restrictions by the governments in various states of India, including those by the states of Karnataka and Maharashtra where our Company and our Subsidiary operate, respectively. As a result, our business and operations, as well as the business and operations of our customers and suppliers, have been temporarily affected during this period. The ongoing impact of the COVID19 pandemic and resulting government actions on our business and operations, includes, but is not limited to, the following: 

- a complete or partial closure of our operations, or disruptions or restrictions on our ability to conduct our business and our operations; 

- our inability to source key raw materials as a result of the temporary or permanent closure of the facilities of suppliers of our key raw materials; 

- implementation of staggered or altered work shifts and other social distancing efforts at our manufacturing facilities and labour shortages, including because of travel or government restrictions such as stay-at-home orders in connection with COVID-19, which could result in decreased productivity and a slowdown in our operations; 

- impact on our ability to travel and pursue other business opportunities, maintain existing customer relationships and acquire new customer accounts; 

- delays in order or in delivery or shipment of our products, which may negatively impact our cash conversion cycle and ability to convert our backlog into cash; 

- inability to collect full or partial payments from customers due to deterioration in customer liquidity, including customer bankruptcies or payments to suppliers due to delay in collections or liquidity concerns; and 

- extension on credit terms offered to certain customers. 

The COVID-19 pandemic may cause additional disruptions to our or our customers’ operations if our or their workforce become affected by the pandemic, or quarantined, unable to attend in-person meetings with customers or suppliers in other jurisdictions or are otherwise limited in their ability to travel or work. The potential negative impact 

27 

on the health of our employees, particularly if a significant number of them or their family members are afflicted by COVID-19, is uncertain, which could result in a deterioration in our ability to ensure business continuity during this disruption. 

Our Company’s and our Subsidiary’s total insurance coverage of ₹1,947.49 million and ₹403.50 million, respectively, covered 181.28% and 264.97% of our Company’s and Subsidiary’s tangible assets (excluding freehold land and vehicles) as at June 30, 2021, respectively, and such insurance coverage may not provide protection for all costs that may arise from all such possible events. We may require additional working capital to fund our operations and future growth, which may or may not be available to us on commercially favourable terms, or at all. As at June 30, 2021, we had ₹181.40 million in cash and cash equivalents and ₹176.85 million as bank balances other than cash and cash equivalents. We also had investments in mutual funds of ₹408.93 million as at June 30, 2021. Further, our borrowings (current and non-current), on a consolidated basis, as at June 30, 2021 aggregated to ₹86.38 million. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic may also adversely impact our ability to access debt and equity capital on favourable terms, or at all, and any decline in our future cash flows could adversely impact our ability to comply with the covenants in our credit facilities and other financing agreements and could result in events of default and the acceleration of our indebtedness. 

The scale of the COVID-19 pandemic and the speed at which the local and global community has been impacted, may affect our annual revenue growth rates, resulting in certain differences from our historical rates, and we cannot assure you that our future operating results will not fall below expectations if effects of the COVID-19 pandemic continue or intensify further. It is early to assess whether our current business plan will continue to be adequate to address all the evolving challenges arising from the impact of this pandemic to our financial condition and results of operations in future operating periods. 

The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will impact our business, operations and financial performance will depend on future developments and cannot be predicted. Events beyond our control may unfold in the future, which makes it difficult for us to predict the impact that COVID-19 will have on us, our customers or suppliers in the future and this may affect the underlying assumptions and estimates with respect to demand for our products and services in the future or our ability to meet demands of our customers and may increase our costs of production, which could materially and adversely affect us and our financial performance. There have been instances of resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic around the world, which has brought about fresh lockdowns and caused further disruptions to economies. Resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic, or occurrences of other severely communicable diseases, and the actions taken globally to contain them or treat their impact, may adversely affect our business and operations and our ability to achieve our business plans. 

# **_4. Loss of any of our key customers or significant reduction in production and sales of, or demand for our products from, our significant customers may materially and adversely affect our business and financial performance._** 

Out of customers accounting for more than 10% of the revenue from operations in Fiscal 2021, sales to our Company’s top customer accounted for 21.49%, 23.99% and 33.59% of its revenue from operations in Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Sales to our Company’s top five customers (based on revenue in three month period ended June 30, 2021) represented 63.91% of our revenue from operations in that period. Sales to our Company’s top five customers (based on revenue in Fiscal 2021) represented 62.66%, 59.73% and 65.90% of its revenue from operations in Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, and sales to our Company’s top 10 customers (based on revenue in Fiscal 2021) represented 87.33%, 86.40% and 85.66% of its revenue from operations in Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Our key customers operate primarily in the two-wheeler, passenger vehicle and consumer appliance industries. 

Since we are dependent on certain key customers for a significant portion of our sales, the loss of any of such customers or a reduction in demand from such customers, for any reason, including due to loss of contracts, delay in fulfilling existing orders, failure to negotiate acceptable terms in negotiations, disputes or a loss of market share or a downturn in such customers’ business, if not suitably replaced with another customer, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Furthermore, the volume of our business with these customers may vary from period to period. Our business, operations, revenues and profitability may be adversely affected if these customers demand price reductions, set-off any payment obligations or if there is an adverse change in any of our customers’ aesthetics procurement strategies, including one that involves moving more work in-house. Our revenues and profitability may also be adversely affected if there’s a reduction in our customers’ production volumes or if there is a significant reduction in the volume of our business with such customers, or if our customers prefer our competitors over us, and we may not remain the exclusive aesthetics products and solutions provider for certain of our customers. 

Our growth depends, among other factors, on the growth of our key customers and we are also exposed to fluctuations in the performance of the industries in which our key customers operate, i.e., automotive and consumer appliances. A decline in our customers’ business performance may also lead to a corresponding decrease in demand for our products and services. The volume and timing of sales to our customers may vary due to variation in demand for our customers’ 

28 





<!-- Start of picture text -->
Segment wise Revenue<br>; "<br>_——€€ 2,51 2,=~<br>ii ee1,661 | |<br>ia O-WHEELERS‘ eyFOUR-WHEELERS..: reaCONSUMER629 | APPLIANCE510 | 568 TOTAI |<br>m Fiscal 2022-Q1 = Fiscal 2021 = Fiscal 2020 Fiscal 2019<br><!-- End of picture text -->



<!-- Start of picture text -->
el.<br>- —<br>49.52% % J<br>cas pete<br>-<br><!-- End of picture text -->



<!-- Start of picture text -->
Fiscal. 2021<br>= Two-wheelers<br>0.36%<br>m@ Four-wheelers<br>25.00%<br>SE‘ 58.01% = Consumer<br>appliance<br>’ = Others<br><!-- End of picture text -->



<!-- Start of picture text -->
Fiscal. 2020<br>m Two-wheelers<br>0.38%<br>23.61 m Four-wheelers<br>14.73% 61.29% m Consumer<br>appliance<br>. Others<br><!-- End of picture text -->



<!-- Start of picture text -->
Fiscal 2019<br>|<br>: = Two-wheelers<br>0.14%<br>19.64% @ Four-wheelers<br>q 10.22% ss m= Consumer<br>69.99% appliance<br>" = Others<br><!-- End of picture text -->

malware, among other threats, there can be no assurance that we will continue to successfully implement such security measures in a manner that protects the integrity of the data in our IT systems or at all. 

Our ability to anticipate changes in technology and industry trends and to successfully develop and introduce new, enhanced and commercially-viable products on a timely basis is a significant factor in our ability to remain competitive. Further, changes in consumer preferences or industry requirements or in competitive technologies may render certain of our products obsolete or less attractive. For example, certain customers may consider replacing premium 3D lux parts with lower priced plastic chrome plated, hot foiled or painted parts. Moreover, proliferation of heads-up display (HUD) may impact the demand for appliques in the long term. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to develop or secure the necessary technology and equipment that will allow us to remain competitive or expand our product portfolio in a timely manner, or at all, which could adversely affect our business and operating margins. 

Unexpected advances in a given technology in the market or difficulties encountered in developing a new technology internally, could prevent us from seizing opportunities relating to technological breakthroughs and as a result could impact our competitive positioning, growth and profitability. We are also subject to the risks generally associated with new product introductions and applications, including lack of market acceptance, delays in product development and failure of products to operate properly. Also see “— _23. If our design and development efforts do not succeed, the introduction of new products may be hindered and changes in technology may render our current technologies obsolete or require us to make substantial capital investments. Start-up costs and inefficiencies related to new products or programs can adversely affect our operating results and such costs may not be fully recoverable if new programs are cancelled._ ” on page 40. 

If we are unable to maintain our competitive advantage through innovation and development of new and compelling products in response to our customers’ preferences or if we do not sustain our ability to meet our customers’ technology requirements, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

# **_7. We operate in a highly competitive industry and increased competition may lead to a reduction in our revenues, reduced profit margins or a loss of market share._** 

The aesthetics products industry is highly competitive, involving a few players with diversified product portfolios having presence across most OEMs; however, there are several other enterprises which manufacture of one or a limited range of aesthetics and are direct suppliers to OEMs and Tier-1 suppliers, evidencing the fragmented nature of the aesthetics industry, according to the CRISIL Report. According to that report, certain segments within the aesthetics industry, particularly decals, graphics and logos, are highly commoditized and have low barriers to entry or exit, leading to a market with a certain degree of fragmentation. Increased competition from other organized and unorganized aesthetic product and solution providers may lead to a reduction in our revenues, reduced profit margins or a loss of market share. 

Our success depends on our ability to anticipate, understand and address the preferences of our existing and prospective customers as well as to understand evolving industry trends and our failure to adequately do so could adversely affect our business. Further, if the quality of our products or the level of our services deteriorates, or if we are unable to provide high-precision aesthetic products in a timely, reliable and secure manner, our reputation and business may suffer. Our competitors may successfully attract our customers by matching or exceeding what we offer. In respect of products or solutions where we are a new entrant, some of our competitors may have more experience than us. 

Among other things, our competitors may: 

- have presence, or expand their presence, in higher number of geographic markets than we are present in; 

- reduce, or offer discounts on, their prices for similar products as ours; while we may respond by matching their prices, by offering comparable or more attractive commercial terms or by increasing our advertising and promotions in order to retain or attract customers, it may increase our costs and limit our ability to maintain our operating margins or growth rate; 

- target the same products or applications as us or develop different products that compete with our current solutions; 

- attract or retain a key managerial or sales personnel with relationships with a key customer or confidential information regarding our future product pipeline and growth plans; 

- be able to source raw materials at more competitive prices; 

- harness better process technology or improved process yield and respond more quickly and effectively than we do to new or changing opportunities, applications, technologies, standards, or customer requirements; 

31 

- benefit from a wider range of products and services and a broader customer base needed to bring competitive solutions to the market; 

- possess greater economies of scale if they are larger than us and operating efficiencies such as higher production capacities; or 

- possess greater financial resources than we do, and may be able to devote greater resources to pricing and promotional programs. 

If any or a combination of the foregoing factors occur, we may not be able to maintain our growth rate and our revenues and operating margins may decline. We cannot assure you that we will continue to effectively compete with our competitors in the future, and our inability to compete effectively could affect our ability to retain our existing customers or attract new customers, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Also, see “ _Our Business—Competition_ ” on page 120. 

# **_8. We depend on the skills and experience of our senior management and other key personnel with technical expertise and the loss of any of those personnel or the inability to attract and retain qualified personnel could materially and adversely affect our business and operations._** 

Our success depends to a large extent upon the continued efforts and services of our senior management team as well as other key personnel with technical expertise, and we rely significantly on their experience. For details of our senior management and Key Managerial Personnel, see “ _Our Business—Competitive Strengths—Experienced and qualified management team_ ” and “ _Management—Key Managerial Personnel_ ” on pages 120 and 160, respectively. We could be adversely affected by the loss of any of our senior management or such other key personnel. In an event of their retirement or departure, we cannot assure you that we will be able to find suitable replacements with similar experience and skills. The market for such qualified professionals is competitive and we may not continue to be successful in our efforts to attract and retain qualified people. Our success also depends, in part, on key customer relationships forged by members of our senior management. If we were to lose these members of our senior management, we cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to maintain key customer relationships or renew them. Loss of such personnel may also impair our level of technical expertise. If we are unable to retain these members of our senior management, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 

We are a technology driven company with significant focus on our in-house design and development capabilities. Our future success and our ability to provide high-quality products and services and to manage the complexity of our business depends, in part, on our ability to attract, hire and retain semi-skilled and skilled and qualified personnel with experience, know-how and skills at all levels of our business and operations in the areas of management, product engineering, design, manufacture, servicing, sales, marketing, information technology and finance who can adapt to a dynamic, competitive and challenging business environment. 

Higher attrition rates lead to an increase in our training and recruitment costs. Our Company’s average attrition rate in the last three Fiscals was 13.29% with respect to its total workforce. Competition for such personnel is intense and the cost of retaining or replacing such personnel may affect our profitability. If we lose the services of any member of our skilled personnel, we cannot assure you that we will be able to locate suitable or qualified replacements, which may adversely affect our growth objectives and, in turn, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

# **_9. We do not have firm long term commitment agreements with all our customers. We may not realize all of the revenue expected from our existing or new programs and may not be able to accurately forecast demand for our products and plan production schedules in advance._** 

The amount of our sales to the customers, including the realization of future sales from awarded business or obtaining new business or customers, is inherently subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including the accuracy of customer estimates relating to volumes of vehicles or consumer appliances to be produced and sold and the timing of such production. 

We typically participate in a rigorous vendor selection processes with our customers for securing business. We are generally required to submit a detailed technical proposal and may be required to develop and supply concept prototypes based on the initial design plans. Once our prototype is confirmed, we are awarded the program. We typically execute standard terms and conditions or master purchase agreements with our customers followed by program-specific statement of work and open purchase orders, which is consistent with market practice in our industry. 

However, there is no assurance in relation to the sales volumes and revenue that the program will eventually generate for us. Further, our customers may delay or cancel a development program that has been awarded to us due to various reasons. For example, as a result of impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, our customers may delay their product development programs. Since we do not have firm commitment or long-term supply agreements with all our customers, and instead rely on purchase orders, statements of work and customer schedules to govern the volume, price and other 

32 

terms of the development program and sales, which may be amended or cancelled prior to finalization, we may not have any recourse in the event of an unexpected delay or cancellation of a development program. 

We base our growth estimates, in part, on volumes promised by our customers. Under the statement of work, our customers provide us only with forecast volume for the program and there is no commitment on the part of the customer to purchase the quantities specified in the volume projections. Our purchase orders with customers are generally openended in terms of period and quantity to be supplied. Pursuant to the purchase order, our customers provide programspecific delivery schedules at short intervals throughout the period of the program and are based on a number of economic and business factors such as our customers’ demand and supply situation, and other variables and assumptions, some or all of which may change or may not be accurate and, accordingly, our growth estimates may not accurately indicate our actual sales and revenues for any future period or date. 

The purchase orders are valid as long as our customers require the specific aesthetic products from us. Although our customers provide us with forecasts of annual business volumes, the actual orders are only placed by way of ongoing purchase orders and our customers typically make no long-term commitments and as a result, our sales from period to period may fluctuate significantly as a result of changes in our customers’ vendor preferences or the discontinuation of, loss of business with respect to, or a lack of commercial success of, a particular vehicle model or consumer appliance. If there are significant cuts in production schedules announced by customers with little advance notice, we may be unable to respond with corresponding production and inventory reductions. As a result, it is difficult for us to forecast revenue, production or sales and plan our inventory in advance. Our inability to forecast the level of customer demand for our products and our inability to accurately schedule our raw material purchases and production and manage our inventory may adversely affect our business and cash flows from operations. 

Any failure to meet our customers’ expectations could result in the cancellation of orders. Our customers may terminate their arrangements with us for cause or otherwise for, among others, a change of control of our Company and our noncompliance with contractual obligations such as standards for product quality and quantity as well as delivery schedules, and in certain cases have no liability to pay for or reimburse lost profits, unabsorbed overheads, capital investments made by us, product development and engineering costs, facilities and equipment rental and other related costs such as penalties or administrative charges incurred directly or indirectly by us in connection with cancelled orders. Even after such termination, we will continue to be bound by some of our obligations, including non-disclosure of confidential information and continuing indemnity obligations. 

In addition, we do not have exclusive contracts with any of our large customers, which entitles them to replace us with another supplier under certain circumstances. Accordingly, we may not in fact realize all of the future sales represented by our awarded business, which could materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

Also see “ _—24. Our business agreements include certain onerous and restrictive terms, failure to comply with which may lead to termination of such agreements, which may adversely affect our business and operations_ ” on page 25. 

# **_10. We do not have long term contracts or exclusive arrangements with any of our suppliers; any major disruption to the timely and adequate supplies of our raw materials may adversely affect the pricing and supply of our products._** 

We use a variety of raw materials to manufacture our aesthetic products. The principal raw materials and components we use include plastics, copper, nickel, aluminium, paints, inks, chemicals, adhesives, plastic polymers such as polyvinyl chloride (“ **PVC** ”), metallized polyester, polyethylene terephthalate (“ **PET** ”), polycarbonate (“ **PC** ”) in the form of films, sheets and resins. 

We do not currently have long term contracts or exclusive supply arrangements with any of our suppliers and we purchase the raw materials on spot order basis. Although we have not encountered any significant disruptions in the sourcing and/or supply of our raw materials, we cannot assure you that such disruptions will not occur and/or we shall continue to be able to source raw materials in a cost effective manner. 

We select suppliers based on total value (including total price, quality, delivery and technology), taking into consideration their production capacities and financial condition and expect that they will deliver in accordance with our quality standards and comply with their contractual obligations with us. We are dependent on a limited set of third party suppliers, some of whom are our competitors, for our raw materials. We cannot assure you that strong demand, capacity limitations, industry shortages, work stoppages, labour or social unrest, transport bottlenecks and risks, weather emergencies, commercial disputes, government actions, riots, wars, sabotage, cyber-attacks, non-conforming materials, acts of terrorism, “acts of God” (which means an event that directly and exclusively results from the occurrence of natural causes that could not have been prevented by the exercise of foresight or caution), financial or operational instability of suppliers or other problems that our suppliers experience will not result in occasional shortages or delays in their supply of materials to us. The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in some disruptions in operations during the first quarter of Fiscal 2021. 

33 

The failure of our suppliers to deliver raw material in the necessary quantities or as per the required delivery schedule, or specifications in relation to quality, standard or performance, may adversely affect our production schedule and processes, thereby preventing us from delivering to our customers and in turn giving rise to contractual penalties or liabilities, loss of customers or reputation, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, a material shortage in supply of raw material could result in the failure to meet our contractual obligations, which may in turn result in a loss of revenue and cash flows. We cannot assure you that if we experience a significant or prolonged shortage of raw materials from any of our suppliers, we will be able to source materials of comparable quality from other sources on similar commercial terms and at comparable costs, within a reasonable timeframe to meet our production schedules and to deliver our products to our customers in timely fashion and we could miss customer delivery expectations. 

Some of our raw material imports are regulated by the Manufacture, Storage and Import of Hazardous Chemical Rules, 1989 that, among other things, allows the concerned authority to take any action if it deems that the chemicals proposed to be imported may cause major accidents or stop an import of chemicals based on safety and environmental considerations. We cannot assure you that such regulations would not be made more stringent which would consequently restrict our ability to import raw materials from other jurisdictions. We also cannot assure you that, under such circumstances, we will be successful in identifying alternate suppliers for raw materials or we will be able to source the raw materials at favourable terms in a timely manner. Also see “— _28. Activities in our operations involves working with hazardous materials which can be dangerous to our operations and the environment and could cause injuries to people or property._ ” on page 25. 

If any of the foregoing risks occur, our customer relations, reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

# **_11. Our manufacturing and warehousing facilities are subject to various operating risks and their shutdown could restrict and adversely affect our business and operations. Any slowdown in the states where our manufacturing facilities are located could also adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We manufacture our aesthetic products from manufacturing facilities located in Bengaluru and Pune in India. As at the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, in addition to our manufacturing facilities in Bengaluru and Pune, our distribution channel comprised seven warehouses located in Gurugram in Haryana, Rudrapur in Uttarakhand, Aurangabad and Pune in Maharashtra, Kanchipuram and Hosur in Tamil Nadu and Mysuru in Karnataka in India. Due to their geographic location in certain select states in India, our manufacturing and warehousing facilities are susceptible to local and regional factors at these locations such as system failures, weather conditions, accidents, natural disasters, regional conflicts, civil unrest and other adverse social, economic and political events. 

Our manufacturing and warehousing facilities are subject to various operating risks and we may encounter manufacturing problems or experience difficulties or delays as a result of occurrence of the following events: 

- forced or voluntary closure, including as a result of natural or man-made disasters, pandemic or regulatory inspections; 

- failure or bottlenecks in production processes, breakdown or failure of equipment, power supply or processes; 

- unanticipated or adverse events connected with integration of our Pune facility with our operations; 

- performance below expected levels of efficiency, obsolescence of our equipment and production facilities; 

- problems with supply chain continuity at either of our facilities or at a suppliers or vendors’ facility; 

- industrial accidents and compliance with the directives of relevant government authorities; 

- contravention of any condition of our regulatory approvals such as any norms prescribed by pollution control authorities; and 

- labour disputes, strikes, lock-outs that may result in temporary shutdowns or manufacturing disruptions. 

Any such events or any other events beyond our control may cause an unplanned shutdown or temporary or sustained slowdown in our production, or may require us to incur significant compliance or remediation costs. We may not be able to sufficiently pass on such costs to our customers or recover through insurance in all events. For instance, on account of the government restrictions in India due to the COVID-19 pandemic, (a) our Registered and Corporate Office and operations at our Company’s manufacturing facility located in Bengaluru were temporarily closed in April 2020, and (b) operations at our manufacturing facility located in Pune were temporarily closed from end March 2020 to early May 2020. For details in relation to the addresses of our Bengaluru and Pune manufacturing facilities, see “ _Definitions and Abbreviations—Bengaluru Facility_ ” and “ _Definitions and Abbreviations—Pune Facility_ ” on pages 1 and 1, respectively. Further, the assembly lines of our customers rely significantly on the timely delivery of our products and our ability to provide an uninterrupted supply of our products is critical to our business. Stoppage in 

34 

critical operations or interruption of assembly lines may cause certain of our customers to terminate their relationships with us, impose penalties, or initiate legal proceedings against us for damages. 

If any of the above-mentioned risks were to occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

# **_12. We are exposed to counterparty credit risk and any delay in, or non-receipt of, payments may adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations._** 

We are exposed to counterparty credit risk in the usual course of our business due to the nature of, and the inherent risks involved in, dealings, agreements and arrangements with our counterparties who may delay or fail to make payments or perform their other contractual obligations. 

Our operations involve extending credit to our customers in respect of sale of our products and consequently, we face the risk of the uncertainty regarding the receipt of these outstanding amounts. As at June 30, 2021, our outstanding trade receivables were ₹613.13 million which constituted 82.56% of our revenue from operations. As at March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019, our outstanding trade receivables were ₹597.30 million, ₹448.26 million and ₹457.66 million, respectively, and constituted 23.74%, 20.74% and 19.29%, respectively, of our revenue from operations. We also provide advances to our suppliers and ₹70.01 million of such advances provided by us remained outstanding as at June 30, 2021. 

The financial condition of our customers, business partners, suppliers and other counterparties may be affected by the performance of their business which may be impacted by several factors including general economic conditions which may be beyond our control. An event such as the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic that results in a slowdown in the general economy or a potential credit crisis could cause our customers, business partners or suppliers to suffer disruptions in their businesses or experience financial distress, their access to the credit markets could be limited, and they could file for insolvency or bankruptcy protection and we cannot assure you of the continued viability of our counterparties or that we will accurately assess their creditworthiness. 

Such conditions could cause our customers to delay payment, request modifications of their payment terms, or default on their payment obligations to us, all of which could increase our receivables. We cannot assure you that we will be able to collect the whole or any part of any overdue payments. A significant delay in, or non-receipt of, large payments or non-performance by our customers, business partners, suppliers or other counterparties could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. Timely collection of dues from customers also depends on our ability to complete our contractual commitments and subsequently bill for and collect from our customers. If we are unable to meet our contractual obligations, we may experience delays in the collection of, or be unable to collect, our customer balances, which could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. 

The credit period offered by our business partners and suppliers is generally lesser than what we generally grant our customers, which typically ranges between 30 and 120 days for our Company. The longer credit period granted to our customers compared to that offered by our suppliers may potentially result in certain cash flow mismatches. We cannot assure you that we will not experience any significant cash flow mismatches in the future or that our cash flow management measures will function properly, or at all. If we fail to properly manage the possible cash flow mismatches, our cash flows, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

# **_13. We may face difficulties in executing our expansion plans and other growth strategies._** 

Our business and growth strategies include continuing expansion of the size and scope of our business by developing and introducing new technologies and efficient processes, diversifying our product portfolio with focus on premium products, capitalizing on industry trends and focusing on premium products, increasing our share of business with existing customers and adding new customers and expanding our geographical presence by expanding exports and global product offerings. See “ _Our Business—Our Business Strategy_ ” on page 120, for details on our business and growth strategies. Even if we have successfully executed our business strategies in the past, we cannot assure you that any of our growth strategies will be successful in a timely manner, or at all. 

According to the CRISIL Report, the demand for aesthetics is expected to grow at a CAGR of approximately 20.00% over the Fiscal 2021 to Fiscal 2026 period to reach approximately ₹49.20 billion by Fiscal 2026 and we expect the global aesthetics industry to follow a similar trend. The demand for aesthetic products is expected to recover and grow by approximately 17.00% in Fiscal 2022. A key part of our strategy is to take advantage of these favourable trends. However, we cannot assure you that these trends will materialize as expected or that our future performance will be consistent with, or exceed, our past performance. 

The success of our growth strategies will depend, among other things, on our ability to implement our plans correctly, timely develop and commercialize new products and technologies such as IMLs/IMDs, IMEs and capacitive overlays, operate in markets or geographies where we have limited or no experience, overcome entry barriers and qualify in a 

35 

rigorous selection processes to become an approved vendor for key customers operating in the passenger vehicle and consumer appliance industries, diversify and differentiate our product offering and pricing to compete effectively. Further, as we scale-up and diversify our operations, we will need to manage relationships with a larger number of customers and suppliers. We may not be able to execute our operations efficiently resulting in delays, increased costs and product defects. We cannot assure you that our current policies and systems will adequately address these challenges, or that new risks will not arise as a result of our growth which we have not anticipated. 

We expect our strategies to place significant demands on our management and other resources and require us to continue developing and improving our operational, financial and other internal controls. We may not be successful in controlling our input costs, effectively managing our internal supply chain and manufacturing processes. Additionally, we may be subject to business and competitive uncertainties and other factors beyond our control such as shift in customer preferences or a slowdown in the global economic and market conditions resulting in decline in demand for our or our customers’ products. For example, some of our customers with established global platforms may already have an established supply chain and they may not be able to integrate us without undue cost or disruption to their operations. In addition, we could face challenges from global competitors and incumbent local aesthetics suppliers who may have stronger and more established operations and may have advantages over us in terms of pricing, costs and local knowledge, among other factors. 

Our strategies may not generate the expected returns or be profitable and we may not be able to fully implement our strategies, which could materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 

# **_14. We are subject to strict quality requirements and any failure by us or our suppliers to comply with quality standards may lead to cancellation of existing and future orders, product recalls, product liability, warranty claims and other disputes and claims._** 

Under the terms of our agreements or arrangements with our customers, we and our manufacturing processes are subject to strict quality standards imposed by them. Failure by us or any of our business partners or suppliers to achieve or maintain compliance with these requirements or quality standards may adversely affect our ability to supply products to our customers. Our customers may reject our products, terminate their contracts with us or choose our competitors over us if we fail to perform our contractual obligations or meet the quality or performance standards set out in our agreements or arrangements with our customers, which may in-turn harm our reputation. Failure by us or any of our business partners or suppliers to comply with applicable quality standards could also result in our products failing to perform as expected, or alleged to result in property damage if our products are defective or are used incorrectly by our customers (or by their customers or end-users). The occurrence of any such events could expose us to product warranty, product recall or product liability claims. 

Under the product warranties provide by us to certain key customers, we may be required to bear costs and expenses for the repair or replacement of these defective products. The provision for warranty and rejection is done based on past experiences, product lifecycle maturity, reprocessing or repair cost. The provisions for expected cost of warranty obligations are recognized based on our management’s best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the obligation, which takes into account the empirical data on the nature frequency and average cost of warranty claims and regarding possible future incidences. For details, see “ _Financial Information_ ” on page 183. Such warranties may be enforced against us even in cases where the underlying sales contract has expired. 

We are also required to maintain general liability insurance covering our products. As at March 31, 2021, our Company’s and our Subsidiary’s total insurance coverage was ₹1,740.00 million and ₹343.50 million, respectively. We may also be required to indemnify customers against losses occurring as a result of defective products and reimburse our customers for administrative, labour, material and other such costs, which may survive after termination of our agreements or arrangements with our customers. We may also become subject to legal proceedings and commercial or contractual disputes. Potential product recalls could cause disruption to our business and result in reputational harm and the costs and expenses associated with warranties, product recalls and product liability claims could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. If we incur significant liabilities for which there is no or insufficient insurance coverage our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Also see “ _—24. Our business agreements include certain onerous and restrictive terms, failure to comply with which may lead to termination of such agreements, which may adversely affect our business and operations_ ” on page 25. 

# **_15. Pricing pressure from customers may affect our gross margin, profitability and ability to increase our prices._** 

Our customers negotiate for larger discounts in price of our products and services as the volume of their orders increase. In addition, estimating amounts of such price reductions is subject to risk and uncertainties, as any price reduction is the result of negotiations and other factors. Accordingly, suppliers must be able to reduce their operating costs in order 

36 

to maintain profitability. We seek price reductions from our suppliers and improved processes to increase manufacturing efficiency and reduce costs. 

Pursuing cost-cutting measures while maintaining rigorous quality standards may adversely affect our sales and profit margins. To maintain our profit margins, we focus on developing new processes and alternate raw materials and regularly evaluate value engineering proposals, the benefits of which support stable or increased prices. If we are unable to offset customer price reductions in the future through continued technology improvements, improved operational efficiencies, new manufacturing processes, cost-effective sourcing alternatives, cost reductions or other productivity initiatives, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. In addition, costs incurred by us to customize certain of our equipment and processes to meet specific customer requirements may or may not be fully recovered from our customers. We cannot assure you that we will be able to avoid future customer price reductions or offset the impact of any such price reductions, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_16. Any increase or volatility in the price of raw materials could adversely affect our profit margins._** 

Raw material pricing can be volatile due to a number of factors beyond our control, including global demand and supply, general economic and political conditions, higher transportation and labour costs, labour unrest, natural disasters, the spread of communicable diseases, the COVID-19 pandemic, competition, import duties, tariffs and currency exchange rates, and there are uncertainties inherent in estimating such variables, regardless of the methodologies and assumptions that we may use. This volatility in commodity prices can affect our raw material costs. We have adopted a diversification strategy and have made arrangements with various suppliers to reduce the risk of price volatility and outage of raw materials. Further, volatility in fuel prices can also affect commodity prices worldwide which may increase our raw material costs. 

Our Company’s business is sensitive to the prices of PVC, PC, metalized polyester films, inks and chemicals, which together constituted 66.25%, 66.19%, 66.06% and 65.75% of our Company’s total cost of raw materials in the three month period ended June 30, 2021 and in Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively and 23.84%, 27.00%, 26.10% and 26.42%, respectively of our Company’s revenue from operations in those periods. Similarly, our Subsidiary’s business is particularly sensitive to the prices of polymer granules, chemicals, paints, copper, nickel, which together constituted 48.61% and 49.91% of our Subsidiary’s total cost of raw materials in the three month period ended June 30, 2021 and Fiscal 2021, respectively, and 30.63% and 28.56% of our Subsidiary’s revenue from operations in that period. 

In the three month period ended June 30, 2021, our Company imported raw materials amounting to ₹77.08 million, which constituted 37.70%, of our total cost of raw materials and 13.57% of our revenue from operations in that period. In Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, our Company imported raw materials amounting to ₹346.33 million, ₹289.11 million and ₹317.32 million, which constituted 33.74%, 33.85% and 33.29%, respectively, of its total cost of raw materials and 13.76%, 13.37% and 13.37%, respectively, of its revenue from operations in those periods. Any restriction on import of such raw materials or any increase in shipment costs could significantly increase the costs of such imported raw materials, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our dependence on certain suppliers may also adversely affect the availability of key materials at reasonable prices. We cannot assure you that our suppliers will continue to supply the required components or raw materials to us or supply such raw materials and components at prices favourable to us, particularly at a time that we face substantial pressure from customers to reduce the prices of our products. Our need to maintain a continued supply of raw materials may make it difficult to resist price increases and surcharges imposed by our suppliers. Our inability to pass fluctuations in raw material prices on to our customers could adversely affect our profit margins and, in turn, our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if we are able to pass on increases in raw material costs, our cash flows and results of operations may still be adversely affected because of any gap in time between the date of procurement of those raw materials and date on which we are able to reset the price of our products. 

# **_17. The annexure to our Statutory Auditors’ report issued under the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2016 (“CARO”), on our historical audited financial statements contain statements on certain matters._** 

The annexure to our Statutory Auditors’ report issued under CARO, on our audited financial statements for Fiscals 2021, 2020, and 2019 contain statements on certain matters in relation to dues which have not been deposited with the appropriate authorities on account of dispute pertaining to income tax and excise duty. For further information, see “ _Restated Financial Information—Annexure VI_ ” on page 208. There can be no assurance that similar matters will not form part of our financial statements for the future Fiscals, or that such matters will not affect our financial results in future Fiscals. Investors should consider the matters in evaluating our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any such matters in the auditors’ report and/ or CARO report on our financial statements in the future may also adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

**_18. Certain of our properties, including the land on which our Registered and Corporate Office and manufacturing facility in Bengaluru are located, are leased from the KIADB. Certain warehouses are also leased from third parties._** 

37 

**_Failure to comply with the conditions of use of such land, renew existing leases, relocate our operations on commercially reasonable terms or continue the arrangement with our customer could adversely affect our business, operations and financial condition. We are also involved in a dispute with respect to a parcel of land owned by us._** 

Our Company’s Registered and Corporate Office and manufacturing facility are located in Bengaluru, Karnataka on land leased from the KIADB. Our Registered and Corporate Office and Bengaluru facility are located on land leased from the KIADB for a period of 99 years from June 19, 2015 until June 18, 2114. The manufacturing facility of our Subsidiary and its registered office are located in Pune, Maharashtra on land leased from Indo Global Infrastructure and Utility Services Private Limited for a period of nine years from June 15, 2013 until June 14, 2022, subject to certain extensions under the terms of the relevant lease deed. Further, as at June 30, 2021, we operated seven warehouses located in the states of Haryana, Uttarakhand, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka in India. These warehouses are located on land leased from various third parties, including the KIADB. For details in relation to such third parties and the validity of the leases, see “ _Our Business—Real Property_ ” on page 147. 

Under the terms of the KIADB lease agreements, we are required to, among other things, utilize the land for the specified end-use, permit KIADB to inspect our premises at reasonable times and provide a minimum number of jobs to specified local families as per the list provided by the KIADB. In addition, we are required to obtain the approval of the KIADB for, among other things: (i) any modifications to existing buildings or structures; (ii) sub-lease of the property or transfer of leasehold rights; or (iii) any change in our Company’s constitution (including conversion from a private limited company to a public limited) and its amalgamation. While our Company has made the necessary applications to the KIADB pursuant to a letter dated April 9, 2021, seeking a no-objection prior to the conversion of our Company from a private limited company to a public limited company, we are yet to receive a response to the same. There is no assurance that we will be able to receive such consents at all or that KIADB may not give notice to us alleging breach of terms of the lease agreements entered into with them which may cause disruptions in our business and adversely affect our business operations. 

Further, if we are unable to comply with the conditions of use of such land, renew certain or all of these leases, relocate our operations on commercially reasonable terms or continue the arrangement with our customer, we may suffer a disruption in our operations or be unable to continue to operate from those locations in the future, which may adversely affect our business, operations and financial condition. In the event that any lease agreement is not renewed, we will be required to expend time and financial resources to locate suitable land or premises to set up new warehouses and offices, which may adversely affect our financial condition. 

Our Company and our Promoter, K.A. Joseph, are currently involved in certain legal disputes with a legal heir of the erstwhile owner of our Company’s vacant freehold land located at survey no. 5/11 (old survey no. 5/1), Thalaghattapura Village, Uttarahalli Hobli, Bangalore South Taluk, in respect of 1/7<sup>th</sup> share of fair value of Schedule A of the freehold land. In this regard, a suit has been filed against our Promoter, K.A. Joseph and certain other individuals seeking orders to restrain our Promoters, K.A. Joseph and the other individuals from alienating the land pending disposal of such suit. K.A. Joseph has filed an application seeking rejection of this suit. For further details, see “ _—40. Our contingent liabilities could adversely affect our financial condition if they materialize._ ”, “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments—Litigation by our Company_ ” and “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments—Litigation against K.A. Joseph_ ” on pages 25, 300 and 301, respectively, for further details. 

# **_19. Our Company, our Promoters, our Subsidiary and our Directors are involved in certain legal proceedings, and an adverse outcome in any such proceedings may adversely affect our business, financial condition and growth prospects._** 

Our Company, our Promoters, our Subsidiary and our Directors are involved in certain legal proceedings, which are pending at varying levels of adjudication at different fora, from time to time. The summary of the outstanding litigations involving such entities and persons is set out below. 

|**Type of proceedings**|**Number of cases**|**Amount***|
|---|---|---|
|||_(₹ million)_|
|**_Litigation against our Company_**|||
|Material civil litigation|1<sup>∞</sup>|12.33|
|Tax matters|6|20.75|
|**_Litigation by our Company_**|||
|Material civil litigation|3<sup>∞</sup>|27.33|
|<br>**_Litigation against our Subsidiary _**|||
|Tax matters|12|0.95|
|**_Litigation against our Promoters_**|||
|Material civil litigation|1<sup>∞</sup>|Not quantifiable|
|<br>**_Litigation by our Promoters_**|||
|<br>Material civil litigation|2<sup>∞</sup>|12.33|
|**_Litigation against our Directors_**|||



38 

|**Type of proceedings**|**Number of cases**|**Amount***|
|---|---|---|
|<br>Materialcivil litigation|1<sup>∞</sup>|Not quantifiable|
|**_Litigation by our Directors_**|||
|Materialcivil litigation|2<sup>∞</sup>|12.33|



- ____________ * _To the extent quantifiable, excluding interest and penalty thereon._ 

- ∞ _Each of these legal proceedings and two of the material civil litigations by our Company relate to the disputes regarding our Company’s vacant freehold land located at survey no. 5/11 (old survey no. 5/1), Thalaghattapura Village, Uttarahalli Hobli, Bangalore South Taluk._ 

For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 300. 

Involvement in such proceedings could divert our management’s time and attention, and consume financial resources. Further, an adverse judgment in these proceedings could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We cannot assure you that any of such proceedings will be settled in favour of our Company, or Directors, Promoters or Subsidiary, as applicable, or that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. 

# **_20. Certain of our investments may be subject to market risk and we have not made any provisions for a decline of the value of such investments._** 

We have made certain investments such as investments in mutual funds. As at June 30, 2021, the fair value of these investments measured through profit or loss was ₹408.93 million, which constituted 12.79% of our total net equity. The value of these investments depends on several factors beyond our control, including the prevailing Indian and international economic conditions, inflationary expectations and the RBI’s monetary policies and is sensitive to a change in the net asset value of the mutual funds. Any decline in the value of these investments could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_21. The cyclical and seasonal nature of automotive sales and production could adversely affect our business._** 

Our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows are affected by levels of global production of passenger vehicles and automotive parts. According to the CRISIL Report, automotive sales and production are cyclical and are sensitive to changes in general economic conditions and other factors beyond our control such as consumer demand, consumer confidence, inflation, employment and disposable income levels, credit availability, interest rate levels, demographic trends, technological changes, increasing environmental, health and safety regulations, changes in government policies, political instability, fuel prices, product mix shifts favouring other types of vehicles, disruptions in the automotive supply chain, labour relations and general industry conditions, any of which may negatively affect the demand for vehicles and, as a result, products and services. Our sales are also affected by inventory levels and production levels of automotive manufacturers. The length and timing of any cycle in the automotive industry cannot be predicted with certainty. We cannot predict when manufacturers will decide to either build or reduce inventory levels or whether new inventory levels will approximate historical inventory levels. This may result in variability in demand for our products and, as a result, our sales and profitability. 

The automobile industry is also subject to seasonal characteristics. Generally, demand for our products increases during the automotive industry’s festive selling season from September until January. Demand for our products generally decreases during the months of May to August each year due to the impact of scheduled customer plant shutdowns and inventory rationalization at OEMs for vacations and changeovers in production lines for new models in December. In the past, we have experienced sales declines during the manufacturers’ scheduled shutdowns. Further, automotive production and demand may be subject to seasonality in some geographies, which may influence the demand for our products. On other occasions, an increase in our customers’ production may require us to commit more resources and cause a material increase in costs, in order to meet our customers’ schedules. We risk losing potential orders from our customers if we are unable to meet their increased demands. As a result, our relationship with our customers may be impacted and our product sales may be adversely affected and result in loss of revenue and reduced margins. Any cancellation or delay in production could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

Any such event that results in decreased demand in the automotive industry, or increased pressure on automotive OEMs or Tier-1 suppliers to develop, implement and maintain in-house aesthetics facilities, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_22. We may not be able to manage the growth of our business effectively or continue to grow our business at a rate similar to what we have experienced in the past._** 

According to the CRISIL Report, our Company is one of the leading players in the decorative aesthetics industry in terms of revenue in India. Over the last few years, our financial performance has remained stable despite negative trends that may have adversely affected our competition and the industries that we and our customers operate in. We cannot assure you that our growth will continue at a rate similar to what we have experienced in the past. This could be due to a variety of reasons including a decline in the demand for our products, increased price competition, nonavailability of raw materials, lack of management availability or a general slowdown in the economy or the industries 

39 

in which our customers operate. If we fail to expand at a rate which is more than or consistent with our historical performance, we may lose market share and customers to our competitors. 

Our growth has placed, and continues to place, significant demands on our internal administrative infrastructure, our managerial, technical and operational capabilities as well as our financial, management and other internal risk control systems. If we are unable to increase our production capacity in line with our customer requirements, continuous expansion may increase the challenges involved with our ability to: 

- maintain high levels of customer satisfaction and quality standards; 

- develop and maintain relationships with our suppliers; 

- improve our operations and technology systems and maintain risk management standards; 

- operate in markets or geographies where we have limited experience; and 

- preserve a uniform culture, values and work ethic in our operations. 

If one or a combination of the above-mentioned factors were to arise, our business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 

**_23. If our design and development efforts do not succeed, the introduction of new products may be hindered and changes in technology may render our current technologies obsolete or require us to make substantial capital investments. Start-up costs and inefficiencies related to new products or programs can adversely affect our operating results and such costs may not be fully recoverable if new programs are cancelled._** 

Our business is continually changing due to technological advances which result in frequent introduction of new products and significant price competition. Our success depends significantly on our ability to successfully and timely develop and, subsequently, commercialize new technologies or products in response to these changes. To develop our products, we commit substantial time, efforts, funds and other resources in areas which we believe have significant growth potential. 

We may not be able to successfully and profitably develop, produce and market such technologies or products, and our new products may not perform as we expect. Even if we are successful in developing a new product, such product may not meet the needs of our customers as effectively as competitive offerings. Our products could also become subject to litigation by other parties claiming that our product infringes on their intellectual property or may be otherwise unsuccessful in the market place due to the introduction of superior products by our competitors. As a result, our ongoing investments in design and development of new products and processes may result in higher costs without a proportionate increase in revenues. Moreover, it may take longer than we anticipate for new products to gain market acceptance. 

Although we strive to maintain and upgrade our technologies, facilities and machinery consistent with prevailing customer preferences as well as applicable international quality standards, the technologies, facilities and machinery we currently use may become obsolete. The cost of implementing new technologies and upgrading our manufacturing facilities could be significant. If our products and technologies become obsolete and if we are unable to innovate and keep up with technological advancements or to successfully introduce new products for various reasons, our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

New programs that customers award us often entail material start-up costs with respect to the design, development and testing of the products to match our customers’ specifications. If we are unable to recoup start-up costs, manage our labour and equipment resources effectively in connection with the establishment of new programs and new customer relationships, or correctly estimate required resources in advance, our gross margins and operating results could be adversely affected. These factors are particularly evident in the early stages of the life cycle of new products and new programs. These factors also affect our ability to efficiently use labour and equipment. In addition, if any of these new programs or new customer relationships were terminated, our operating results could be adversely affected, particularly in the short term. We may not be able to adequately recover these start-up costs or replace anticipated revenues with any such new products or programs, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_24. Our business agreements include certain onerous and restrictive terms, failure to comply with which may lead to termination of such agreements, which may adversely affect our business and operations._** 

In connection with our business, we enter into supply agreements, manufacturing agreements, arrangements with vendors and general purchase agreements. These agreements contain certain restrictive terms, including: 

40 

- non-compete provisions, restricting the sale of our products for a specific customer in the open market or to other manufacturers, distributors or direct or indirect competitors of the customer (including affiliates) unless permitted by the customer; 

- restrictions on change in control or ownership of our Company; 

- maintenance of insurance coverage in specified amounts for, among others, product liability, commercial general liability, and risk cover for personnel and property. As at March 31, 2021, our Company’s and our Subsidiary’s total insurance coverage was ₹1,740.00 million and ₹343.50 million, respectively; 

- adherence to strict quality standards and customer specifications (including international standards), environmental laws such as the E-Waste (Management) Rules, 2016; 

- conforming packaging, labelling, shipping and storage of our products to prescribed norms; 

- customers having the right to inspect our manufacturing facilities; 

- compliance with sanctions, anti-corruptions laws and competition laws; 

- restrictions on sub-contracting or assignment without the customer’s consent; 

- payment of liquidated damages in case of delayed delivery and indemnification obligations surviving termination of agreements with our customers; 

- non-solicit provisions in relation to our employees and those of our customers; 

- protection of customer data against unauthorized access and compliance with applicable data privacy laws; 

- cancellation of scheduled orders, observing confidentiality and satisfactory indemnification of claims on termination of agreements; 

- changes to product specifications or cancellation of order by customers; and 

- liabilities to pay penalties for delay in shipment of products. 

In addition, these agreements include a provision which requires our customer to inform us if it receives a competitive offer for a product supplied by us, and if we are unable to match the offer within a specified time period, the customer can terminate the agreement. Further, under these arrangements, our Company is responsible for product liability, product defects and warranty claims for certain specified periods. See “ _—14. We are subject to strict quality requirements and any failure by us or our suppliers to comply with quality standards may lead to cancellation of existing and future orders, product recalls, product liability, warranty claims and other disputes and claims._ ” on page 36. 

Our customers also have the right to reject delivery of products which do not comply with their requirements or which fail the quality standards and testing procedures set out in their agreements. If we are unable to meet such obligations, our customers may terminate their agreements with us and choose to work with our competitors, and we may be required to indemnify them on terms set out in the agreements. Under certain arrangements, we are also required to continue to supply spare parts for a period of time that ranges from 10 to 15 years from the last manufacturing date for mass production for which the parts were supplied. Certain supply contracts can be terminated by prior written notice of a specified number of days, ranging from 60 days to six months, with contract expiring at the end of the year. In certain cases, our customer has the right to terminate the agreement if, in its opinion, we are incapable of complying with the terms of the agreement. 

We also enter into confidentiality agreements with our customers in relation to the information, specifications and intellectual property shared by them. Compliance with these requirements may restrict our ability to undertake certain business operations and may increase our compliance costs. See “ _—31. Failure to maintain our customers’ confidential information could adversely affect our business, or damage our reputation_ ” on page 44. 

# **_25. Our past or planned capital expenditure may not result in growth. Delay in implementation and expansion of our manufacturing facilities may subject us to risks related to time and cost overruns._** 

We have incurred significant capital expenditure in the past few years, including for the setting up of our manufacturing facility at Bengaluru. Our capital expenditures comprised of payments for purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, capital work-in-progress, capital advances and expenses related to right-of-use assets. In the three month period ended June 30, 2021, our capital expenditure was ₹21.66 million and in the Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, our capital expenditures were ₹102.04 million, ₹161.20 million and ₹454.62 million, respectively. We possess the ability to increase our existing production capabilities without significant additional capital expenditure, given that the annual production capacity at our Bengaluru manufacturing facility can be increased up to 209.70 million products and our capacity utilization rate for this facility was 10.14% and 44.07% in the three month period ended June 30, 2021 and Fiscal 2021, respectively. However, we cannot assure you that our past capital expenditure will result in 

41 

business growth or that we will not be required to make certain incremental capital expenditure and other investments in order to compete effectively and respond to changing customer preferences. 

For any such expansion, we may face risks relating to delays in construction, failure of our contractors and suppliers to adhere to our specifications and timelines, among other things. Problems that could adversely affect our expansion plans include labour shortages, increased costs of equipment or manpower, inadequate performance of the equipment and installed machinery, delays in completion, defects in design or construction, the possibility of unanticipated future regulatory restrictions, incremental pre-operative expenses and other external factors which may not be within our control. We have limited control over the timing and quality of services, equipment or other supplies from third party contractors appointed by us, and we may be required to incur additional unanticipated costs to remedy any defect or default in their services or products to ensure that the planned timelines are adhered to. Our actual capital expenditures for the proposed capacity additions and expansions could exceed our budgeted costs, or may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully convert these capital expenditures to be as profitable as our existing business, or at all, resulting in business losses and adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. 

Additionally, we incur certain capital expenditure for maintenance, such as for upgrading and improving our manufacturing facilities, infrastructure, machines, equipment and technology to allow us to offer a diverse product suite, reduce operating costs and drive productivity and in the event of any negative impact of the business, such capital expenditure may result in negative cash flows. Further, expansion and acquisitions may require us to incur additional capital expenditure or assume new debt, expose us to future funding obligations or integration risks and we cannot assure you that such expansion or acquisition will contribute to our profitability. 

For details of our manufacturing facilities, see “ _Our Business—Manufacturing Facilities_ ” on page 120 and for details in relation to the addresses of our Bengaluru and Pune manufacturing facilities, see “ _Definitions and Abbreviations— Bengaluru Facility_ ” and “ _Definitions and Abbreviations—Pune Facility_ ” on pages 1 and 1, respectively. 

# **_26. We are exposed to risks relating to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates._** 

While we earn a principal portion of our revenue from operations in the Indian Rupee, we are exposed to risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly to the U.S. dollar and Euro owing to our export sales to customers outside India and import of raw materials such as metalized polyester films, inks and chemicals, adhesives, PVCs, poly carbonate films, sales and purchases for which are denominated in these currencies. For instance, in the three month period ended June 30, 2021 and Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, our export sales to customers outside India (i.e., rest of the world) constituted 17.55%, 16.05%, 14.89% and 9.82% of our revenue from operations, respectively and our exposure to USD denominated currency risk for trade receivables was ₹146.96 million, ₹117.61 million, ₹102.53 million and ₹77.41 million, respectively, during those periods. As we expand our business and operations, we expect that our revenues from sales to customers outside India will increase in the future. Since our local reporting currency is Indian Rupees, we are also subject to currency translation risk as all foreign currency transactions including sales, purchases and other related expenses are translated into Indian Rupees for the purposes of our financial statements. 

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the Indian Rupee could adversely affect our reported revenues and results of operations if the value of Indian Rupee appreciates with respect to these currencies. Further, depreciation in the value of the Indian Rupee against such other currencies could increase the Indian Rupee cost of purchasing raw materials. We have not entered into any hedging arrangements to help mitigate the effects of fluctuations in exchange rates to the extent we are unable to match any foreign exchange expenses with earnings. 

Further, on listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Equity Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the trading price of our Equity Shares and returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

# **_27. Any disruption in supply of electricity could adversely affect our operations and increase our manufacturing costs._** 

We require electricity for our manufacturing facilities, and electricity costs represented a significant portion of our production costs. In the three month period ended June 30, 2021 and Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, our power and fuel costs were ₹21.11 million, ₹51.77 million, ₹56.74 million and ₹53.72 million, representing 2.84%, 2.06%, 2.62% and 

42 

2.26%, respectively, of our revenue from operations in those periods. If costs of electricity were to rise, or if their supply arrangements were disrupted, our profitability could decline. 

We source a significant portion of our electricity requirements for our Bengaluru manufacturing facility from our rooftop solar power panels, which accounted for 30.39%, 29.41% and 16.93%, respectively, of our total power consumption in the three month period ended June 30, 2021 and Fiscals 2021 and 2020, with the remaining power being purchased from state electricity boards and third party suppliers, the cost of which could be significantly higher, thereby adversely affecting our cost of production and profitability. Disruptions in supply of electricity for any reason could cause us to rely on other sources of power such as diesel-power electricity generating sets, which may not be able to consistently meet our requirements. If electricity from alternate power source is not available at acceptable prices, or at all, we may be required to shut down production and bear costs associated with restarting production, the loss of production in progress and delays in delivery schedules. If costs of electricity were to rise, or if electricity supply arrangements were disrupted, our profitability could decline. 

# **_28. Activities in our operations involves working with hazardous materials which can be dangerous to our operations and the environment and could cause injuries to people or property._** 

Our operations are subject to operating risks associated with the aesthetics industry, including related to handling of sharp equipment and the storage of raw materials such as inks, chemicals and adhesives used in our manufacturing processes, which can result in eye injuries, among other things. Operations of our Subsidiary include painting and plating processes which involve handling of paints, hardeners, thinners and hazardous materials such as acids and chemicals, which can cause accidents resulting in serious injuries or death of employees or other persons, if improperly handled, and cause damage to our properties and the properties of others. We are also subject to environmental risks in relation to our raw materials such as plastic, PET, copper, nickel, aluminium, paints, metallized polyester, PVC, PC, inks, chemicals and adhesives which, if improperly stored or disposed, may result in severe environmental damage. Further, we are required to comply with various environmental laws and regulations such as the E-waste (Management) Rules, 2016 issued by the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change. 

Despite compliance with requisite safety requirements and standards, our operations are subject to hazards such as mechanical failures, explosions, fires, release of hazardous substances, chemicals or gases and other operational problems and environmental risks. The occurrence of any of these hazards could result in a suspension of operations and the imposition of civil or criminal liabilities. The loss or shutting down of our facilities could disrupt our business operations and adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and results of operations. We may also face claims and litigation, in India or overseas, filed on behalf of persons alleging injury predominantly as a result of occupational exposure to hazards at our facilities. If these claims and lawsuits, individually or in the aggregate, are resolved against us, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

# **_29. We are dependent on third party transporters for the delivery of raw materials and finished products and are exposed to the risk of disruption in their operations or a decrease in the quality of their services._** 

We use third party transporters in our operations. Our success depends on the smooth supply and transportation of our finished products and the various raw materials required for our manufacturing facilities, which is subject to various risks, uncertainties and other hazards beyond our control such as unavailability of vessel space, port congestion, inadequate port infrastructure, accidents, adverse weather conditions, strikes and civil unrest, which could adversely affect supplies from our suppliers. In addition, raw materials and finished products maybe lost or damaged in transit for various reasons including occurrence of accidents or natural disasters. There may also be delay in delivery of raw materials and finished products which may also adversely affect our business and results of operations. A failure to maintain a continuous supply of raw materials and just-in-time delivery for our finished products could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Additionally, if we lose one or more of our transportation providers, we may not be able to obtain terms as favourable as those we receive from those that we currently use, which in turn would increase our costs and adversely affect our operating results. Further, if our transportation providers do not carry sufficient insurance coverage, any losses that may arise during the transportation process will have to be claimed under our insurance policies. We cannot assure you that we will receive compensation for any such claims in a timely manner, or at all, which may adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

Disruptions of transportation services because of weather-related problems, strikes, inadequacies in the road or rail infrastructure, or other events could impair the ability of the third-party transportation providers to deliver us the raw materials and our finished products to our customers in a timely manner, or at all. As a result, in the event there is any disruption in the supply of our raw materials and our finished products, our business, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

# **_30. If we inadvertently infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

43 

We cannot determine with certainty as to whether we are infringing on any existing third-party intellectual property rights. Although we typically confirm that our products do not violate existing intellectual property rights of third parties, we may face claims that our products infringe third party intellectual property rights. Even though many of our manufacturing services contracts generally require our customers to indemnify us for infringement claims relating to the product designs, certain customers may be unwilling or unable to satisfy their indemnity obligations. Some of the agreements with our customers provide us temporary ownership of intellectual property for researching, designing, testing and developing products specifically for the customers. Any failure to comply with the terms and conditions of such agreements with our customers may adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may be responsible for claims that the processes that we use in manufacturing infringe third party intellectual property rights, which may force us to alter our technologies or designs, obtain licenses or cease some of our operations. Such licenses or design modifications can be extremely costly. Further, necessary licenses may not be available to us on satisfactory terms, if at all. Infringement claims could subject us to significant liability for damages and potentially injunctive action and, regardless of merits, could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_31. Failure to maintain our customers’ confidential information could adversely affect our business, or damage our reputation._** 

We do not have intellectual property rights over the products we develop and produce for our customers, under the terms of the relevant customer agreements. In certain cases, our customers share their intellectual property rights in the course of the product development process that we carry out for them. We are bound by confidentiality obligations under our non-disclosure agreements with our customers to keep confidential certain details of our customers and to protect their intellectual property, including in relation to technical data such as product designs and drawings that may have been shared with us by our customers. 

While it is our policy to enter into confidentiality agreements with our key employees to protect our and our customers’ intellectual property, there can be no assurance that these confidentiality agreements will not be breached or that they will provide meaningful protection for our or our customers’ intellectual property. 

An inadvertent breach or any misuse of intellectual property or proprietary data by any of our employees or business partners may result in termination of contracts by our customers and could expose us to expensive infringement claims. Such claims, irrespective of whether they are successful or not, may cause us to incur substantial cost and diminish our goodwill and reputation, making it difficult for us to compete effectively and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_32. Any failure to protect and leverage our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our competitive position, business, financial condition and results of operation._** 

We have registered certain trademarks in India. See “ _Business—Intellectual Property_ ” and “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on pages 120 and 305, respectively. The use of our trademarks or logos by third parties could adversely affect our reputation, which could in turn adversely affect our business and results of operations. We may not be able to prevent infringement of our trademarks and a passing off action may not provide sufficient protection until such time that this registration is granted. 

If our trademarks or other intellectual property are improperly used, the value and reputation of our business could be harmed. The measures we take to protect our intellectual property may not be adequate to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties. Notwithstanding the precautions we take to protect our intellectual property rights, it is possible that third parties may copy or otherwise infringe upon our rights, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_33. Compliance with, and changes in, safety, health and environmental laws and regulations may increase our compliance costs and as such adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are subject to a broad range of safety, health, environmental and related laws and regulations in India, which impose controls on the disposal and storage of raw materials, noise emissions, air and water discharges on the storage, handling, discharge and disposal of chemicals, employee exposure to hazardous substances and other aspects of our operations. For example, the laws in India limit the amount of hazardous and pollutant discharge that our manufacturing facilities may release into the air and water. The discharge of substances that are chemical in nature or of other hazardous substances into the air, soil or water beyond these limits may cause us to be liable to regulatory bodies and incur costs to remedy the damage caused by such discharges. Any of the foregoing could subject us to litigation, which may increase our expenses in the event we are found liable, and could adversely affect our reputation. The Draft Environment Impact Assessment 2020 (“ **EIA 2020** ”) has been issued by the Ministry of Forest, Environment and Climate Change, which when notified, will supersede the Environment Impact Assessment 2006. The EIA 2020, among other things, also aims to strengthen the monitoring mechanism for compliance of conditions for prior environment clearance. We may be subject to stricter compliance requirements under the EIA 2020 for the facilities 

44 

that we may setup in future and any such increased compliance may lead to increase in compliance cost and may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Also, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 148. 

The adoption of stricter health and safety laws and regulations, stricter interpretations of existing laws, increased governmental enforcement of laws or other developments in the future may require that we make additional capital expenditure, incur additional expenses or take other actions in order to remain compliant and maintain our current operations. We may inadvertently fail to comply with such regulations which could lead to enforced shutdowns and other sanctions imposed by the relevant authorities. Complying with, and changes in, these laws and regulations may increase our compliance costs and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_34._** 

# **_We derive a portion of our revenues from export sales to certain countries and could be adversely affected by any adverse changes in the conditions affecting these markets. Further, any change in the benefits and incentives under certain export promotion schemes applicable to us or a delay in disbursement of benefits under such schemes may adversely affect our results of operations._** 

A portion of our Company’s revenues is dependent on export of our products to Asia, the United States, Europe, Africa, the Middle East and Latin America, which constituted 29.96%, 10.11%, 45.77%, 3.39%, 1.76% and 9.01%, respectively, of our Company’s revenue from operations from rest of the world (exports) in Fiscal 2021. Set forth below is a breakdown of our revenue from operations by geography based on location of customers, for the periods indicated. 

||**Three mo**<br>**ended Jun**<br>|**nth period**<br>**e 30, 2021**<br>|**Fiscal**<br>|**2021**<br>|**Fisca**<br>|**l 2020**<br>|**Fisca**<br>|**l 2019**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Amount**|**Percentage**<br>**of total**|**Amount**|**Percentage**<br>**of total**|**Amount**|**Percentage**<br>**of total**|**Amount**|**Percentage**<br>**of total**|
||_(₹ million)_|_(%)_|_(₹ million)_|_(%)_|_(₹ million)_|_(%)_|_(₹ million)_|_(%)_|
|India|612.34|82.45|2,112.31|<br>83.95|1,839.90|<br>85.11|2,139.60|<br>90.18|
|Rest<br>of<br>the<br>world|130.35|17.55|403.85|16.05|321.83|<br>14.89|232.92|<br>9.82|
|(exports)|||||||||
|**Total**|**742.69**|**100.00**|**2,516.16**|**100.00**|**2,161.73**|**100.00**|**2,372.52**|<br>**100.00**|



In the event of a slowdown in these regions, or any developments that make our products less attractive in any of these regions, we may experience adverse effects on our business and results of operations. Our revenues from these markets may decline as a result of increased competition, regulatory action, pricing pressures, fluctuations in the demand for or supply of our products. Further, our exports are subject to the risks that are specific to each country and region we export to, as well as risks associated with international operations, in general. These risks include complying with changes in foreign laws, regulations and policies, including restrictions on trade, import and export license requirements, and tariffs and taxes, intellectual property enforcement issues and changes in foreign trade and investment policies. In the event we are unable to effectively address or comply with changes in foreign laws, or meet the conditions stipulated in our licenses, we may be subject to penalties and other regulatory actions, which could adversely affect our reputation, business, prospects, result of operations and financial condition. 

Our Company currently avails benefits under certain export promotion schemes such as the Remission of Duties and Taxes on Exported Products Scheme, the Duty Drawback Scheme and the Merchandise Exports from India Scheme. In Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, these export incentives amounted to ₹14.37 million, ₹4.50 million and ₹4.86 million, respectively. Any reduction or withdrawal of such benefits or our inability to meet any of the conditions prescribed under any of the schemes would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, the benefits or incentives under such schemes are available to us for a fixed period subject to compliance with various terms and conditions and such incentive are not subject to renewal. We cannot assure you that we will continue to enjoy these benefits in the future or will be able to obtain timely disbursement of such benefits. 

# **_35. We are susceptible to risks relating to compliance with various labour, workplace and related laws._** 

We are subject to stringent labour laws and regulations including those governing detailed procedures for the establishment of unions, dispute resolution and employee removal and legislation that imposes certain financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. We are also subject to laws and regulations governing relationships with employees in such areas as minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and termination of employees, contract labour and work permits. 

For certain operations and processes, we or our independent contractors engage contract labour. Engagement of such labour is regulated by applicable labour laws in India and we could be held responsible for wage payments to labourers in the event of any default by the independent contractor engaged by us in making payment of wages or providing benefits such as payment of, or contribution to, provident fund. Any adverse decision by a regulatory body or court requiring us to employ such contract labour may adversely affect our business and operating margins. 

45 

Further, work stoppages due to strikes or other events could result in slowdowns or closures of our operations which may adversely affect our ability to perform our business operations. While we have not experienced any strikes or labour unrest at any of our manufacturing facilities in the past, we cannot assure you that we will not experience work disruptions in the future due to industrial unrest, disputes or other problems with our work force. Furthermore, amendments to labour laws could adversely affect our business, operating costs and margins. In the event the welfare requirements under labour laws and regulations applicable to us change in a manner that requires us to increase payment of employee benefits, we cannot assure you that we will be able to recover such increased labour and compliance costs from our customers, which may adversely affect our business, operations, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **_36. Our financing arrangements contain restrictive covenants. Our inability to meet our obligations under our debt financing arrangements could adversely affect our business and financial condition._** 

As at June 30, 2021, our borrowings (current and non-current) aggregated to ₹86.38 million. In addition, our Company has availed a working capital loan with a sanctioned amount of ₹100.00 million and ₹350.00 million from Kotak Mahindra Bank Limited and Citibank N.A., respectively, on June 30, 2021, which had not been drawn down as at the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Any significant increase in our finance cost as a result of fluctuations in interest rates may adversely affect our business and financial condition. Since the interest rates on certain of our borrowings may be subject to changes based on the prime lending rate of the respective bank lenders, such borrowings may be subject to renegotiation and/or escalation on a periodic basis and may not be covered by interest rate hedge agreements. Any future performance issues by us or in the aesthetics industry may result in a downgrade of our credit ratings, which may in turn lead to an increase in our borrowing costs and constrain our access to funds and debt markets and, as a result, may adversely affect our business growth. In addition, any downgrade of our credit ratings could result in default under our financing arrangements or lenders imposing additional terms and conditions in any future financing or refinancing arrangements in the future. If we cannot obtain alternative sources of financing or our costs of borrowings become significantly more expensive, our business and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Moreover, the agreements governing certain of our debt obligations include terms that, in addition to certain financial covenants, restrict our ability to, _inter alia_ , without the prior consent of lenders: 

- make any changes to our capital structure, ownership or control; 

- make any drastic changes to our management operations; 

- formulate any scheme of amalgamation or reconstruction; 

- undertake any new project, implement any scheme of expansion or acquire fixed assets in excess of specified limits; 

- undertake guarantee obligations on behalf of any other company; 

- invest in the capital market or in subsidiaries, for acquisitions or for real estate; 

- diversify into non-core areas of business; 

- reduce or change shareholding of promoter which results in change of management control of our Company; 

- declare dividends; 

- create any encumbrances over our property or undertakings; 

- change the remuneration with regard to remuneration of directors by means of ordinary remuneration or commission, scale of sitting fees etc.; or 

- repay amounts borrowed from our Promoters. 

Further, a loan facility availed by one of our Promoters, Evergraph, includes terms that, in addition to certain financial covenants applicable to our Company, restrict our ability to modify or amend the constitutional documents of our Company without the prior consent of lender. 

Undertaking any of the above without the consent of our lenders or non-compliance with any of the covenants of our financing agreements could trigger an event of default which will entitle the respective lenders to enforce remedies under the relevant terms of the financing agreements, that include, among other things, acceleration in repayment of the amounts outstanding under the financing agreements, enforcement of any security interest created under the financing agreements. Further, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain approvals to undertake any of these activities as and when required or that we will be able to comply with such covenants or other covenants in the future. A default by us under the terms of any financing agreement may also trigger a cross-default under some of our other 

46 

financing agreements, or any other agreements or instruments containing cross-default provisions which may, individually or in aggregate, adversely affect our operations, financial position and credit rating. For details of our borrowings, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 252. 

# **_37. The Proforma Condensed Consolidated Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus to reflect the impact of the Exotech Acquisition is not indicative of our future financial condition or financial performance._** 

Our Company recently completed the Exotech Acquisition pursuant to which Exotech became our Subsidiary on April 5, 2021. As a result, our Restated Consolidated Financial Information as at and for the three month period ended June 30, 2021 (which includes the financial performance and financial condition of Exotech) may not be comparable to our Restated Consolidated Financial Information for prior periods. For further details, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters— Material acquisitions or divestments of business or undertakings, mergers, amalgamations or revaluation of assets in the last 10 years_ ”, and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations— Exotech Acquisition and Basis of Preparation of the Proforma Condensed Consolidated Financial Information_ ” on pages 154 and 255, respectively. 

Our proforma condensed consolidated financial information as at and for the financial year ended March 31, 2021 has been prepared for illustrative purposes only, and presents the impact of the Exotech Acquisition on our Company, including the results of operations and the financial position of our Company that would have resulted had the Exotech Acquisition been completed on a date occurring at the beginning of the last completed financial year presented in the restated financial information, i.e., April 1, 2020. Our Proforma Condensed Consolidated Financial Information are not a substitute for our past results and may not necessarily be indicative of what our actual results of operations, financial position and cash flows would have been for such period or as at such date, nor are these intended to be indicative of expected results or operations in the future periods or our future financial position. For further details, see “ _Proforma Condensed Consolidated Financial Information_ ” on page 291. 

Our Proforma Condensed Consolidated Financial Information does not include all of the information required for financial statements under Ind AS. It does not include any adjustment for liabilities or related costs that may result from the Exotech Acquisition, nor do they reflect any adjustments for potential synergies therefrom. Further, our Proforma Condensed Consolidated Financial Information was not prepared in accordance with auditing or other standards and practices generally accepted in other jurisdictions or in connection with an offering registered with the SEC under the U.S. Securities Act, and consequently, does not comply with the presentation of proforma financial information in accordance with those standards and practices. 

Accordingly, the degree of reliance placed by investors on our Proforma Condensed Consolidated Financial Information and our Restated Consolidated Financial Information should be limited. 

# **_38. Failure or disruption of our information technology systems may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

We have implemented various information technology (“ **IT** ”) systems which covers key areas of our operations, procurement, inventory, sales and dispatch and accounting. We significantly rely on our IT systems for the timely supply of our products to customers. These systems are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources, which could result in an adverse effect on our operations. A large-scale IT malfunction could disrupt our business or lead to disclosure of, and unauthorized access to, sensitive Company information. Our ability to keep our business operating depends on the proper and efficient operation, functioning and upgrade of various IT systems, which are susceptible to malfunctions, disruptions and interruptions (including those due to equipment damage, power outages, computer viruses and a range of other hardware, software and network upgrade problems). Such malfunction or disruptions could cause economic losses for which we could be held liable. A failure of our IT systems could also cause damage our reputation which could harm our business. Any of these developments, alone or in combination, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, unavailability of, or failure to retain, well trained employees capable of constantly servicing our IT systems may lead to inefficiency or disruption of IT systems thereby adversely affecting our ability to operate efficiently. Any failure or disruption in the operation of these systems or the loss of data due to such failure or disruption (including due to human error or sabotage) may affect our ability to plan, track, record and analyse work in progress and sales, process financial information, meet business objectives based on IT initiatives such as product life cycle management, manage our creditors, debtors, manage payables and inventory or otherwise conduct our normal business operations, which may increase our costs and otherwise materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

# **_39. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to protect us against all material risks._** 

Our principal types of insurance coverage include among others, protection from fire, burglary, marine sales turn over policy to cover various risks during the transit of goods and insurance policies for our employees such as group medi- 

47 

claim insurance policy, group personal accident insurance policy and employees compensation insurance. We also maintain a directors’ and officers’ management liability and company reimbursement insurance policy for all our Directors. 

We cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost, or at all. Additionally, in future, we may be required to bear increased premiums for our insurance to provide coverage for pandemics such as COVID-19. Our Company’s total insurance coverage was ₹1,947.49 million, which covered 181.28% of our Company’s tangible assets (excluding freehold land and vehicles) as at June 30, 2021. Our Subsidiary’s total insurance coverage was ₹403.50 million, which covered 264.97% of our Subsidiary’s tangible assets (excluding freehold land and vehicles), as at June 30, 2021. 

To the extent that we suffer loss or damage, or successful assertion of one or more large claims against us for events for which we are not insured, or for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, or which is not covered by insurance, exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial performance and cash flows could be adversely affected. Also see “ _Our Business –Insurance_ ” on page 120. 

# **_40._** 

# **_Our contingent liabilities could adversely affect our financial condition if they materialize._** 

According to our Restated Consolidated Financial Information, as at June 30, 2021, our contingent liabilities that have not been provided for are as set out in the table below. 

|||_(₹ million)_|
|---|---|---|
||**Particulars**|**As at June 30, 2021**|
|Guarantee deposits withbanks||0.10|
|Goods and Services Tax||8.28|
|Claimtowardsfreeholdland||20.40*|



______________ 

_* Our Company had purchased a freehold land located at survey no. 5/11 (old survey no. 5/1), Thalaghattapura Village, Uttarahalli Hobli, Bangalore South Taluk in the year 2001, measuring 37 guntas and consisting of Schedule A (measuring 19 guntas) and Schedule B (measuring 17 guntas). On transition to Ind AS, our Company elected to fair value the freehold land at deemed cost of ₹278.10 million. Our Company and our Promoter, K.A. Joseph, are involved in a legal dispute with a legal heir of the erstwhile owner of the freehold land for separate possession of 1/7 share of Schedule A of the freehold land. The amount of ₹20.40 million was been arrived at by calculating 1/7 share of fair value of Schedule A of the freehold land. As our Company is contesting this claim, outflows and other consequential payments, if any, arising out of this claim would depend on the outcome of the dispute. For details of the ongoing litigation pertaining to this land, see “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments—Litigation by our Company” and “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments—Litigation against K.A. Joseph” on pages 300 and 301, respectively._ 

If any of these contingent liabilities materialize, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. For further details, see “ _Financial Information_ ” on page 183. 

# **_41. Our Promoters will continue to retain certain influence over our Company after completion of the Offer, which will allow them to influence the outcome of matters submitted for approval of our Shareholders._** 

The aggregate pre-Offer shareholding of our Promoters, as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus is 98.60% of the issued, subscribed and paid-up Equity Shares. For details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 78. Consequently, our Promoters will continue to exercise certain influence over us after completion of the Offer, including being able to control the composition of our Board of Directors and determine decisions requiring simple or special majority voting, and our other Shareholders may be unable to affect the outcome of such voting. 

Our Board composition shall at all times remain compliant with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations, and we believe that the nominee rights proposed to be retained by our Promoters subsequent to the Offer are not prejudicial to the interests of any Shareholder, including any public Shareholder. However, there can be no assurance that the continuing right of our Promoters for representation on our Board will not be considered as a special right by any of our present or future Shareholders. Our Promoters may, in the future, take or block actions with respect to our business which may conflict with our best interests or the interests of other minority Shareholders, such as actions with respect to future capital raising. They could delay, defer or cause a change of our control or a change in our capital structure, a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us or discourage or encourage a potential acquirer from acquiring us. We cannot assure you that our Promoters will always act to resolve any future conflicts of interest in our favour, thereby adversely affecting our business, results of operations and prospects. 

Further, one of our Promoters, Evergraph, has availed a loan from certain overseas lenders, for which security has been created in favour of such overseas lenders over the shares of Evergraph held by Everstone Capital Partners II 

48 

LLC, the promoter of Evergraph. If such security over such shares is enforced in accordance with the relevant loan facility documentation, it could potentially lead to a change in control of our Company. 

# **_42. Fraud, theft, employee negligence or similar incidents may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our operations may be subject to incidents of theft or damage to inventory in transit and prior to or during warehouse stocking. Our business may also encounter some inventory loss on account of employee theft, vendor fraud and general administrative errors. While we have never experienced any such instance in the past, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any fraud, theft, employee negligence, security lapse, loss in transit or similar incidents in the future, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, losses due to theft, fire, breakage or damage caused by other casualties, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_43. We are subject to the risk of failure of, or a material weakness in, our internal control systems._** 

We are exposed to risks arising from the inadequacy or failure of internal systems or processes, and any actions we may take to mitigate these risks may not be sufficient to ensure an effective internal control environment. Errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and rectified. Our management information systems and internal control procedures may not be able to identify non-compliance in a timely manner, or at all. Where internal control weaknesses are identified, our actions may not be sufficient to fully correct such weaknesses. In addition, several of our collection related processes are yet to be fully automated, which may increase the risk that human error, tampering or manipulation will result in losses that may be difficult to detect. As a result, we may incur expenses or suffer monetary losses, which may not be covered by our insurance policies and may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_44. We have not been able to trace certain secretarial records and documents in relation to certain transfers of Equity Shares involving one of our Promoters, K.A. Joseph and an allotment to K.A. Joseph. We cannot assure you that no legal proceedings or regulatory actions will be initiated against our Company in the future in relation to missing secretarial records._** 

We manage our internal compliance by monitoring and evaluating internal controls and ensuring all relevant statutory and regulatory compliances. However, there can be no assurance that deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise, or that we will be able to implement, and continue to maintain, adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls, in a timely manner or at all. Despite conducting searches of our internal records, we are unable to trace, certain secretarial records such as Form 1 for allotment of 25,330 Equity Shares to K.A. Joseph on June 21, 2005 and share transfer forms for transfer of 120,000 and 140,000 Equity Shares to Serigraph Inc. from K.A. Joseph on April 23, 2007 and January 7, 2008, respectively. 

In the absence of such records, or for discrepancies therein, we have relied on minutes of meetings of the Company, our register of share transfers, our register of members and the form FC-TRS filings made by the transferees with the RBI, as applicable, in order to ascertain details of such transfers. Although no regulatory action/litigation is pending against us in relation to such untraceable secretarial and other corporate records, we cannot assure you that we will not be subject to penalties imposed by regulatory authorities in this respect. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that our Company will not be subject to any action, including monetary penalties by statutory authorities on account of any non-availability of any of its secretarial records, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and reputation. We also cannot assure you that such secretarial and other corporate records and documents will be available with us in the future. 

For further details, see “ _Capital Structure—Share Capital History of our Company_ ” and “ _Capital Structure—History of Equity Share capital held by our Promoters_ ” on pages 78 and 80, respectively. 

# **_45. Any future transactions with related parties may potentially involve conflicts of interest._** 

It is likely that we may enter into transactions with related parties in the future. Although going forward, all material related party transactions that we may enter into, will be subject to the Board’s or Shareholders’ approval, as necessary under the Companies Act and the SEBI Listing Regulations, we cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations or that we would achieve more favourable terms if such transactions are entered into with unrelated parties. Such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. For details of related party transactions, see Note 37 included in Annexure VII to the Restated Consolidated Financial Information in “ _Financial Information_ ” on page 183. 

**_46. Information relating to the installed capacity, actual production and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on certain assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity may vary._** 

49 

Information relating to the installed capacity, actual production and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus have been certified by G. Shankar Rao, an independent chartered engineer, by his certificate dated July 29, 2021. Such information is also based on certain assumptions and estimates of our management that have been taken into account by such independent chartered engineer in the calculation of the installed capacity, actual production and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities and such calculations may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology and may not be comparable to that employed by other aesthetics companies. These assumptions and estimates include the period during which the manufacturing facilities operated in a year, the number of machine-working hours per day, working shifts and breaks by the workmen, seamless working of each machine cycle time, scheduled maintenance activities, floor-wise dedicated set up of machines and availability of printing machines. 

Actual production levels and future capacity utilization rates may vary significantly from the estimated production capacities of our manufacturing facilities and their historical capacity utilization rates. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on our historical installed capacity, actual production and capacity utilization for our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus. See “ _Our Business—Manufacturing Capacity and Capacity Utilization_ ” on page 120. 

# **_47. This Red Herring Prospectus contains information from industry sources including the industry report prepared by CRISIL which has been commissioned, and paid for, by our Company for the purpose of this Red Herring Prospectus. Investors are advised not to place undue reliance on such information._** 

This Red Herring Prospectus includes information derived from third party industry sources and from a report issued in June 2021, titled “ _Assessment of Select Aesthetic Components_ ” prepared by CRISIL (the “ **CRISIL Report** ”), which has been commissioned on February 26, 2021, and paid for, by our Company for the purposes of confirming our understanding of the aesthetics industry exclusively in connection with the Offer and available at www.sjsindia.com/investors.html#disclosures. Certain data and information as of October 1, 2021 pertaining to affordable housing progress, FY 2021 production and sales figures for passenger vehicles, two wheelers and consumer durable, export figures for vehicle segments for FY 2021, consumer durable market insights for FY 2021, macroeconomic parameters, near term outlook have been updated in the CRISIL Report. Further, the reports use certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the markets in which we operate, and methodologies and assumptions vary widely among different industry sources. Such assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that such assumptions are correct or will not change and, accordingly, our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the CRISIL Report or any other industry data or sources are not recommendations to invest in our Company. You should consult your own advisors and undertake an independent assessment of information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the CRISIL Report. You are advised not to place undue reliance on the CRISIL Report or extracts thereof as included in this Red Herring Prospectus, when making your investment decision. Also, see “ _Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data and Currency of Presentation— Industry and Market Data_ ” and “ _Industry Overview_ ” on pages 19 and 96, respectively. 

# **_48. Certain non-GAAP financial measures and performance indicators used in this Red Herring Prospectus to review and analyse our financial and operating performance may have limitations as analytical tools, may vary from any standard methodology applicable across the aesthetics or manufacturing industry, and may not be comparable with financial or statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other aesthetics or manufacturing companies._** 

We use certain supplemental non-GAAP measures to review and analyse our financial and operating performance from period to period, and to evaluate our business, which have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. Although these non-GAAP measures are not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with applicable accounting standards, our Company’s management believes that they are useful to an investor in evaluating us because they are widely used measures to evaluate a company’s operating and financial performance. For more information on the non-GAAP financial measures used in this Red Herring Prospectus, see “ _Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data and Currency of Presentation—Non-GAAP Financial Measures_ ”, “ _Definitions and Abbreviations_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations— Non-GAAP Measures_ ” on pages 19, 1 and 255, respectively. 

Presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures and key performance indicators should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, analysis of our historical financial performance, as reported and presented in our Restated Consolidated Financial Information or the Proforma Condensed Consolidated Financial Information set out in this Red Herring Prospectus. These non-GAAP financial measures and performance indicators are not defined under Ind AS, are not presented in accordance with Ind AS and have limitations as analytical tools which indicate, among other things, that they do not reflect our cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditure or contractual commitments or the changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; or the finance cost, or the cash requirements necessary to service our debt. These non-GAAP financial measures may differ from similar titled 

50 

information used by other companies, including peer companies, who may calculate such information differently and hence their comparability with those used by us may be limited. Therefore, these non-GAAP financial measures and key performance indicators should not be viewed as substitutes for performance or profitability measures under Ind AS or as indicators of our operating performance, cash flows, liquidity or profitability. 

# **_49. Any unsecured loans taken by us may be recalled at any time._** 

As at June 30, 2021, we had availed unsecured loans from banks of ₹75.22 million. Existing unsecured loans or any unsecured loans availed in the future, including working capital loans, may be recalled at any time at the option of the lender. There can be no assurance that the lenders will not recall such borrowings or if we will be able to repay loans advanced to us in a timely manner or at all. In the event that any lender seeks a repayment of any such loan, we would need to find alternative sources of financing, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. As a result, if such unsecured loans are recalled at any time, it may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_50. We cannot assure payment of dividends on the Equity Shares in the future._** 

While our declaration of dividends is at the discretion of our Board and subject to Shareholder approval as set out in the section “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 182, the amount of future dividend payments by our Company, if any, will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditures, applicable Indian legal restrictions and other factors. Our Company may decide to retain all of its earnings to finance the development and expansion of its business and therefore, we may not declare dividends on the Equity Shares. Additionally, we may, in the future, be restricted by the terms of our loan agreements to make any dividend payments unless otherwise agreed with our lenders. 

# **_51. Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer._** 

The Offer comprises an Offer for Sale aggregating up to ₹8,000.00 million by the Selling Shareholders. Our Company will not receive any proceeds of the Offer. However, in the event that the Offer is withdrawn or not completed for any reason whatsoever, all the Offer related expenses will be exclusively borne by our Company. The expenses of the Selling Shareholders will, at the outset, be borne by our Company and each Selling Shareholder will reimburse our Company for such expenses (inclusive of taxes) incurred by our Company on behalf of such Selling Shareholders, in relation to the Offer, upon successful completion of the Offer in the manner as prescribed under applicable law and in a manner as may be mutually agreed among our Company and the Selling Shareholders. 

# **External Risk Factors** 

# **_Risks related to India_** 

# **_52. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, prospects or financial results._** 

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of the Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economies in which we operate. 

While our Company is incorporated in India, our products are sold in, among other regions, India, the rest of Asia, the United States, Europe, Africa, the Middle East and Latin America. All of our assets and employees are located in India, and we intend to continue to develop and expand our business in India. Political and economic instability, slowdown or conflict in these regions or worldwide could materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. 

Our business and financial condition could be impacted by certain factors, including the following: 

- any slowdown in the Indian economy in the future; 

- increase in interest rates may adversely impact our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs, which may constrain our ability to grow our business and operate profitably; 

- a change in the trade policies, in terms of tariff and non-tariff barriers, in the countries from which we import raw materials and to which we export our products, may adversely affect our profitability; 

- fluctuations in India’s foreign exchange reserves may affect liquidity and interest rates in the Indian economy as well as the valuation of the Indian Rupee, which may adversely affect our financial condition; 

- political instability, resulting from a change in government or in economic and fiscal policies, may adversely affect economic conditions in India; 

51 

- any adverse fluctuations in global commodity prices; 

- the occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or epidemic or pandemic such as COVID-19 may adversely affect economic conditions in India; and 

- civil unrest, acts of violence, terrorist attacks, regional conflicts or situations or war may adversely affect the financial markets, which may impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

In the three month period ended June 30, 2021 and Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, our Company imported raw materials sourced from China amounting to ₹18.17 million, ₹61.40 million, ₹33.10 million and ₹27.93 million, which constituted 8.89%, 5.98%, 3.88% and 2.93%, respectively, of its total cost of raw materials and 3.20%, 2.44%, 1.53% and 1.18%, respectively, of its revenue from operations in those periods. Relations between India and China have been volatile over the past year. While there have been no major disruptions in the supply chain of raw material from China so far, if the relationship deteriorates further or there is an escalation of conflict, our supply chain may be disrupted, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Trade deficits could also adversely affect our business. India’s trade relationships with other countries and its trade deficit, driven to a major extent by global crude oil prices, may adversely affect Indian economic conditions. Crude oil prices have been volatile over the past year, and if trade deficits increase or are no longer manageable because of the rise in global crude oil prices or otherwise, the Indian economy, and therefore our business and our financial results may be materially and adversely impacted. 

# **_53. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our products and services at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our customers and our profits may decline._** 

Inflation rates could be volatile. The Indian economy has had sustained periods of high inflation in the recent past and we may face high inflation in the future. High rates of inflation could contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs of raw material, increased costs of transportation and may increase our employee costs and decrease demand for our products and services, which may adversely affect our profitability and competitive advantage, to the extent that we are unable to pass on increased employee costs by increasing cost of our products and services, which may in turn adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_54. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, adverse application or interpretation of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations applicable to us and our business. In such instances, and including the instances mentioned below, our business, results of operations and prospects may be adversely impacted, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. Any political instability in India, such as corruption, scandals and protests against certain economic reforms, which have occurred in the past, could slow the pace of liberalization and deregulation. The rate of economic liberalization could change, and specific laws and policies affecting foreign investment, currency exchange rates and other matters affecting investment in India could change as well. 

The GoI has recently introduced a new law relating to social security and wages in September 2020, the Code for Social Security (the “ **Social Security Code** ”). This code will impact overall employee expenses and, in turn, could impact the profitability of our Company. Under the Social Security Code, a new concept of deemed remuneration has been introduced, such that where an employee receives more than half (or such other percentage as may be notified by the GoI), of their total remuneration in the form of allowances and other amounts that are not included within the definition of wages under the Social Security Code, the excess amount received shall be deemed as remuneration and accordingly be added to wages for the purposes of the Social Security Code and the compulsory contribution to be made towards the employees’ provident fund. The Social Security Code has been published in the Gazette of India. The effective date from which the Social Security Code will be applicable is yet to be notified and the rules are yet to be finalized. 

The application of various Indian tax laws, rules and regulations to our business, currently or in the future, is subject to interpretation by the applicable taxation authorities. Any future amendments may affect our benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. For instance, the 

52 

Supreme Court of India has in a decision clarified the components of basic wages which need to be considered by companies while making provident fund payments, which resulted in an increase in the provident fund payments to be made by companies. Any such decisions in future or any further changes in interpretation of laws may have an impact on our results of operations. 

Further, the GoI has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2022, pursuant to which the Finance Bill, 2021 (the “ **Finance Bill** ”), has introduced various amendments. The Finance Bill has received assent from the President of India on March 28, 2021, and has been enacted as the Finance Act, 2021 (the “ **Finance Act** ”). We are yet to assess the complete impact that any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act would have on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, changes in capital gains tax or tax on capital market transactions or the sale of shares could affect investor returns. As a result, any such changes or interpretations could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance. For further discussion on capital gains tax, see “ _—62. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares_ ” on page 57. 

There can be no assurance that the GoI will not implement new regulations and policies requiring us to obtain approvals and licenses from the GoI or other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations. Any such changes and the related uncertainties with respect to the applicability, interpretation and implementation of any amendment or change to governing laws, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent in the jurisdictions in which we operate may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. It may also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. In addition, we may have to incur expenditures to comply with the requirements of any new regulations, which could materially harm our results of operations or cash flows. Any unfavourable changes to the laws and regulations applicable to us could also subject us to additional liabilities. 

We are unable to determine the impact of any changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of, new, laws, rules and regulations applicable to us and our business. If that was to occur it could result in us, our business, operations or group structure being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and/or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

# **_55. Recent global economic conditions have been challenging and continue to affect the Indian market, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located in other countries, including India. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has caused an economic downturn in several major economies and generated volatility in, and general adverse impact on, the global securities markets, including in India; further, it is not possible for us to predict the extent and duration of this volatility and adverse impact on the global or Indian securities markets, including any possible impact on our Equity Shares. For further discussion on COVID-19, see “ _—3. The coronavirus disease (COVID-19) and the measures taken by the government to curb its spread could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will impact our business, operations and financial performance is uncertain and cannot be predicted._ ” on page 26. Negative economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficits, or a default on national debt, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy, including the movement of exchange rates and interest rates in India and could then adversely affect our business, financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

Large budget deficits and rising public debts in recent years, for example in Europe, have triggered sovereign debt finance crises that resulted in the bailouts of European economies and elevated the risk of government debt defaults, forcing governments to undertake aggressive budget cuts and austerity measures, in turn underscoring the risk of global economic and financial market volatility. Financial markets and the supply of credit could continue to be negatively impacted by ongoing concerns surrounding the sovereign debts and/or fiscal deficits of several countries in Europe, the possibility of further downgrades of, or defaults on, sovereign debt, concerns about a slowdown in growth in certain economies and uncertainties regarding the stability and overall standing of the European Monetary Union. Increased budget deficits and the incurrence of additional public debt in Europe and other developed markets as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic may exacerbate these risks and uncertainties. 

53 

Further deterioration in the global economy as a result of COVID-19 or otherwise, or the perception that such deterioration could occur, may continue to adversely affect global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity and restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could adversely affect our business, results of operations shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

# **_56. Significant differences exist between Ind AS used to prepare our financial information and other accounting principles, such as IFRS and U.S. GAAP, with which investors may be more familiar._** 

The SEBI ICDR Regulations requires us to, for the purposes of disclosure in this Red Herring Prospectus, prepare and present our financial statements for the last three Fiscals (in this case, for Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019) and the stub period (as at and for the three month period ended June 30, 2021) in accordance with Ind AS. Our Company transitioned to the Ind AS with a transition date of April 1, 2019. Our financial statements as at and for the financial year ended March 31, 2021 are the first that we have prepared in accordance with Ind AS. Our Restated Consolidated Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus is presented in conformity with Ind AS, restated in accordance with the requirements of Section 26 of part I of the Companies Act, 2013, the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on “Reports in Company Prospectus (Revised 2019)” issued by the ICAI. These include the financial statements of our Company as at and for the financial year end March 31, 2019, prepared on a proforma basis in accordance with the SEBI Circular SEBI/HO/CFD/DIL/CIR/P/2016/47 dated March 31, 2016. Our Proforma Condensed Consolidated Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus is also presented in conformity with Ind AS. 

Ind AS differs from accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar, such as IFRS and U.S. GAAP. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of U.S. GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of U.S. GAAP or IFRS. U.S. GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS financial statements, which are restated as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

# **_57. We may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, as amended (the “ **Competition Act** ”), regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India. Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition is considered void and results in the imposition of substantial monetary penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly: (i) involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or provision of services; (ii) shares the market or source of production or provision of services by way of allocation of geographical area, type of goods or services or number of customers in the relevant market; or (iii) results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. The combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to, and pre-approved by, the CCI. Additionally, the Competition Commission of India (Procedure in regard to the Transaction of Business Relating to Combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, set out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. The CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. However, we cannot predict the impact of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by it at this stage. 

If we are affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any award passed by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it would adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **_58. A downgrade in the sovereign credit rating of India may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

India’s sovereign rating decreased from Baa2 with a “negative” outlook to Baa3 with a “negative” outlook by Moody’s and from BBB with a “stable” outlook to BBB with a “negative” outlook (Fitch) in June 2020; and from BBB “stable” to BBB “negative” by DBRS in May 2020. India’s sovereign ratings from S&P is BBB- with a “stable” outlook in September 2020. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by 

54 

international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for reasons beyond our control such as, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy. This could adversely affect our ability to access to the debt capital markets and to fund our growth on favourable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

# **_59. Foreign investors may have difficulty enforcing foreign judgments against us, our management or the Book Running Lead Managers._** 

Our Company is incorporated under the laws of India. A majority of our Directors and all the executive officers are residents of India and a significant portion of our assets are located in India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon us or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce against us or such parties judgments obtained in courts outside India based upon the liability provisions of foreign countries, including the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States. India exercises reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions. In order to be enforceable, a judgment obtained in a jurisdiction which India recognises as a reciprocating territory must meet certain requirements of the Civil Procedure Code, 1908 (the “ **CPC** ”). 

India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. Instead, recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 and Section 44A of the CPC. Section 13 of the Civil Procedure Code provides that a foreign judgment shall be conclusive as to any matter directly adjudicated upon except: (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction; (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case; (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or a refusal to recognize the law of India in cases in which such law is applicable; (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice; (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud; and (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law in force in India. 

Section 44A of the Civil Procedure Code provides that where a foreign judgment has been rendered by a superior court in any country or territory outside India which the GoI has by notification declared to be a reciprocating territory, it may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgment had been rendered by the relevant court in India. However, Section 44A of the Civil Procedure Code is applicable only to monetary decrees not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes or other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalty but does not include an arbitration award, even if such an award is enforceable as a decree or judgment. 

The United States and Canada have not been declared by the GoI to be a reciprocating territory for the purpose of Section 44A of the Civil Procedure Code. However, the United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong, among others, have been declared by the GoI to be reciprocating territories. A judgment of a court in the United States or another jurisdiction which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced only by a fresh suit upon the judgment and not by proceedings in execution. The suit must be brought in India within three years from the date of the judgment in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a civil liability in India. It is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. It is also unlikely that an Indian court would enforce a foreign judgment if that court were of the view that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy. A party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain approval from the RBI to execute such a judgment or to repatriate outside India any amount recovered. 

# **_60. We are, and after the Offer may remain, a “foreign-owned and controlled” company in accordance with the Consolidated FDI Policy and FEMA Non-debt Instruments Rules. We are subject to certain foreign investment restrictions, which could limit our ability to attract foreign investors and our ability to raise foreign capital is subject to certain conditions prescribed under Indian laws._** 

In accordance with the provisions of the Consolidated FDI Policy and FEMA Non-debt Instruments Rules, our Company is a foreign owned and controlled company. As a foreign-owned and controlled company, our Company is subject to various requirements under the Consolidated FDI Policy and other Indian foreign investment laws. Such requirements include restrictions on undertaking certain business activities without prior GoI approval or at all, and pricing guidelines applicable to issue or transfer of our Equity Shares. Further, as long as we are a foreign-owned and controlled company, we may not be able to undertake certain commercially attractive business activities or investments without prior approval of the GoI or at all. 

Foreign investment in Indian securities is subject to regulation by Indian regulatory authorities. Under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions and compliance with sectoral norms and certain other restrictions) if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to 

55 

above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert the Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into a foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no-objection certificate or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. Additionally, the GoI may impose foreign exchange restrictions in certain emergency situations, including situations where there are sudden fluctuations in interest rates or exchange rates, where the GoI experiences extreme difficulty in stabilizing the balance of payments, or where there are substantial disturbances in the financial and capital markets in India. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. Further, the GoI on April 22, 2020 amended the FEMA Non-debt Instruments Rules pursuant to which any investment into India by an entity of a country which shares a land border with India, or the beneficial owner of an investment into India who is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, shall require the approval of the GoI. For further details, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 340. 

As an Indian company, we are also subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies. Such regulatory restrictions could limit our financing sources and could constrain our ability to obtain financing on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, we cannot assure you that any required regulatory approvals for borrowing in foreign currencies will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. Limitations on foreign debt may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_Risks related to the Offer and the Equity Shares_** 

**_61. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and may experience price and volume fluctuations following the completion of the Offer. Further, our Equity Shares may not result in an active or liquid market and the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price or at all. The Offer Price is also not indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for our Equity Shares will develop or, if developed, does not guarantee the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. Investors might not be able to rapidly sell the Equity Shares at the quoted price if there is no active trading in the Equity Shares. The Offer Price will be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders in consultation with the BRLMs through the Book Building Process. The Offer Price will be based on numerous factors, including certain qualitative and quantitative factors, the basic and diluted earnings per share, price earnings ratio in relation to the offer price per equity share of the face value, comparison with listed industry peers, if any, and return on net worth as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 90 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. 

The market price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate as a result of, among other things, the following factors, some of which are beyond our control: 

- quarterly variations in our results of operations; 

- 

- 

   - results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

   - results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

- changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research analysts and investors; 

- 

   - a change in research analysts’ recommendations; 

- announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments; 

- announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

- developments relating to our peer companies in our industry; 

- 

- 

   - new laws and governmental regulations applicable to our industry; 

   - additions or departures of Key Management Personnel; 

- changes in exchange rates; 

- 

- 

- 

- 

   - speculative trading in the Equity Shares; 

   - investor perception of us and the aesthetics industry; 

   - the public’s reaction to our press releases and adverse media reports; 

   - fluctuations in stock market prices and volume; and 

- general economic and stock market conditions. 

56 

Changes in relation to any of the factors listed above could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. The market price of the Equity Shares may decline below the Offer Price and investors may not be able to re-sell Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price resulting in a loss of all or part of the investment. 

# **_62. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under the current Indian tax laws and unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. However, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares on or before March 31, 2018 on a stock exchange held for more than 12 months will not be subject to capital gains tax in India if Securities Transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is paid on the sale transaction and additionally, as stipulated by the Finance Act, 2017, STT had been paid at the time of acquisition of such equity shares on or after October 1, 2004, except in the case of such acquisitions of equity shares which are not subject to STT, as notified by the GoI under notification no. 43/2017/F. No. 370142/09/2017- TPL on June 5, 2017. However, the Finance Act, 2018, has levied taxes on such long-term capital gains exceeding ₹100,000.00 arising from a sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while continuing to exempt the unrealized capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on such equity shares subject to specific conditions. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long-term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of STT, on the sale of any equity shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the equity shares are sold. 

With respect to capital gains arising in an off market sale, long term capital gains are subject to tax at the rate of 10.00% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) without the exemption of ₹100,000. Short-term capital gains, arising from the sale of such equity shares on a stock exchange would be subject to tax at the rate of 15.00% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), while short term capital gains arising in an off-market sale would be subject to tax at a higher rate of 40.00% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of foreign companies and 30.00% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of other non-resident taxpayers. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short-term capital gains tax at in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where an exemption is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is a resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdictions on gains arising from a sale of equity shares. 

The Finance Act, 2019, which amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020, clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be of the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty on transfer of securities other than debentures on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. As such, the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our business and operations is uncertain. 

The GoI has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2022 and the Finance Act, 2021 has received the President’s assent on March 28, 2021. There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2021 may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act, 2021 would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_63. Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding, and significant sales of Equity Shares by our promoters, may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future issuance of the Equity Shares or securities linked to the Equity Shares by our Company, including issuance of Equity Shares to employees or former employees upon exercise of vested options held by them under ESOP 2021, may dilute your shareholding. Any such future issuance of the Equity Shares or future sales of the Equity Shares by any of our significant shareholders may also adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and impact our ability to raise funds through an offering of our securities. Any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. Additionally, the disposal, pledge or encumbrance of the Equity Shares by any of our significant shareholders, or the perception that such transactions may occur, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that our existing Shareholders including our Promoters will not dispose of further Equity Shares after the completion of the Offer (subject to compliance with the lock-in provisions under the SEBI ICDR Regulations) or pledge or encumber their Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of shareholder’s investment in the Equity Shares and adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Such securities may also be issued at prices below the Offer Price. We may also issue convertible debt securities to finance our future growth or fund our business activities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. 

57 

# **_64. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a public company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction the investors are located in do not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor's benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise preemption rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in our Company would be reduced. 

# **_65. Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be different from laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may be different from shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

# **_66. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after Bid/Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date, or such other timeline as may be prescribed under applicable law, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

58 

