# **SECTION II - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in our Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below as well as other information as may be disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described in this section are those that we consider to be the most significant to our business, results of operations and financial condition as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. In addition, the risks set out in this section may not be exhaustive and additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or which we currently deem to be immaterial, may arise or may become material in the future. If any or a combination of the following risks or other risks that are not currently known or are now deemed immaterial actually occur, our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition could suffer, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. Unless specified in the relevant risk factor below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial implication of any of the risks mentioned below. Any potential investor in the Equity Shares should pay particular attention to the fact that we are subject to a regulatory environment in India which may differ significantly from that in other jurisdictions. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examinations of us and the terms of the Offer, including the merits and the risks involved. Prospective investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. For further details, see “_ **_Our Business_** _” on page 127, “_ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_** _” on page 324, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_This Draft Red Herring Prospectus contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. See “_ **_Forward-Looking Statements_** _” on page 18 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information used in this section is derived from our Restated Financial Statements included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus._ 

## **INTERNAL RISKS** 

# **Risks Relating to Our Business** 

**_1. Macroeconomic conditions in India could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Substantially all of our business activities are conducted in India, and we rely primarily on interest charged on our credit card receivables and fee income derived from interchange fees, late fees, annual card fees and service charges to generate our revenues. These revenue streams have historically been affected by key macroeconomic conditions in India, and are likely to continue being affected by them in the future. Our total revenue from operations (which is primarily comprised of interest income and fees on our credit card receivables) totaled ₹33,462.03 million, ₹51,869.75 million and ₹69,991.11 million for fiscals 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively, and ₹43,639.35 million for the six months ended September 30, 2019. 

Consumer confidence, unemployment and overall economic growth rates are among the main factors that often impact consumer spending behavior and demand for credit. Poor economic conditions reduce the usage of our credit cards and the average purchase amount of transactions on our credit cards, both of which reduce our interest and fee incomes. Poor economic conditions also tend to adversely affect our cardholders’ ability and willingness to pay amounts owed to us, thus increasing delinquencies, charge-offs and provisions for credit losses, and decreasing recoveries. 

Economic growth in India is influenced by, among other things, inflation, interest rates, foreign trade and capital flows, as well as the monsoon season. The level of inflation or depreciation of the Indian rupee may limit monetary easing or cause monetary tightening by the RBI. Any increase in inflation, due to increases in domestic food prices or global prices of commodities, including crude oil, the impact of currency depreciation on the prices of imported commodities and additional pass-through of higher fuel prices to consumers, or otherwise, may result in a tightening of monetary policy. While inflation rates in India have declined in recent years, a return to high rates of inflation with a resulting rise in interest rates, and any corresponding tightening of monetary policy may have an adverse effect on economic growth in India. Any adverse development in the Indian economy, changes in interest rates or other trends or financial difficulties, which are not within our control, could result in non-payment by our cardholders. 

28 

The Indian economy’s growth momentum moderated significantly in fiscals 2018 and 2019 as compared to previous years. According to the Indian Central Statistics Organization, India’s real GDP growth decreased from 8.2% in fiscal 2017 to 7.2% in fiscal 2018 and 6.8% in fiscal 2019. The Indian economy has slowed further in fiscal 2020, with India’s real GDP having grown at 5.2% in the six months ended September 30, 2019 as compared to the six months ended September 30, 2018. The RBI currently forecasts India’s real GDP growth to be 6.1% for fiscal 2020. 

While our results may not necessarily track India’s economic growth figures, the Indian economy’s performance affects the environment in which we operate. A prolonged period of slow economic growth or a significant deterioration in economic conditions or broader consumer trends would likely affect consumer spending levels. A slowdown in economic growth in India could also result in lower demand for credit and other related services and may impact the repayment capabilities of our cardholders, resulting in increases in defaults. Substantially all of our credit card receivables portfolio is unsecured, which may heighten our exposure to these risks. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_2. We face competition in the credit card market from other credit card issuers and payment solutions providers, and we may not be able to compete effectively, which could result in fewer cardholders and lower account balances and could materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

The credit cards business is highly competitive. This increasingly competitive environment is primarily a result of changes in technology, product delivery systems and regulation, as well as the emergence of new or significantly larger credit card issuers or payment solutions providers, all of which may affect our cardholders’ expectations and demands. 

We compete with other credit card issuers and payment solutions providers such as banks, payment banks, NBFCs and financial technology enterprises on the basis of a number of factors, including brand, reputation, customer service, product offerings, incentives, pricing, technology and other terms. In particular, mobile, e-wallet and tokenization platforms, including the increasingly prevalent unified payments interface platform, present formidable competition as they are able to attract large payment volumes at low or no payment processing fees to merchants. Competition in credit cards is also based on merchant acceptance and the value provided to the customer by rewards programs. Many credit card issuers have instituted rewards programs that are similar to ours, and, in some cases, could be viewed by customers as more attractive than our programs, which could lead such cardholders to prefer spending using our competitors’ credit cards over our credit cards. As competitive pressures intensify, we may be required to expend additional resources to offer a more attractive value proposition to our cardholders, which could negatively impact our profit margins. These competitive factors may also affect our ability to attract and retain cardholders, slow down our credit card receivables growth and reduce revenue growth from our core business. 

Some of our competitors operate out of large, well-established banks and may have greater operational efficiencies, better local distribution capabilities and lower-cost funding than us, among other things, which may give those competitors certain advantages over us. For example, banks in India have access to a broader set of their customers’ transactional information than we do, and banks are not required to perform additional KYC procedures in order to provide credit cards to their customers. Banks also have the ability to take deposits from the public, which provides them with funding advantages, while under existing RBI regulations non-deposit taking NBFCs, like us, are not allowed to take deposits from the public. Many of our competitors are also focusing on cross-selling their products and developing new products or technologies, which could affect our ability to maintain or grow existing cardholder relationships. Some of our competitors have developed, or may develop, substantially greater financial and other resources than we have, may offer higher value propositions or a wider range of programs and services than we offer or may use more effective advertising, marketing or cross-selling strategies to acquire and retain more cardholders, capture a greater share of credit card transactions, attain and develop more attractive partnership programs than we have. We may not be able to compete effectively against these threats or respond or adapt to changes in consumer spending habits as effectively as our competitors. If we are unable to compete successfully, or if competing successfully requires us to take aggressive actions in response to competitors’ actions, our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

**_3. We derive substantial benefits from our existing relationship with our Promoter, and a loss or reduction in the level of support we receive from our Promoter could adversely affect us._** 

Our Promoter, SBI, was India’s largest commercial bank in terms of deposits, advances and number of branches 

29 

as of September 30, 2019 according to the RBI. We have derived, and continue to derive, substantial benefits from our relationship with our Promoter. 

Our credit cards portfolio consists primarily of SBI-branded credit cards, and we take advantage of our Promoter’s large branch and customer networks in order to market our credit cards. Our Promoter is our largest customer referral partner, and our referral arrangements with SBI allow us to market our products and services to SBI customers by utilizing our Promoter’s vast branch network. For example, our Promoter provides space for our outsourced sales workforce to be present at select SBI branches, and we also carry out joint marketing efforts with our Promoter. For more information, see “ **_Our Promoter and Promoter Group – Interest of SBI – Distribution Agreement dated November 20, 2019 between SBI and the Company (“Bank Distribution Agreement”)_** _”_ on page 191. In fiscals 2019, 2018, and 2017, new accounts acquired from our Promoter’s customer base accounted for 55.2%, 45.5% and 35.2%, respectively, of our total new accounts. 

Our Promoter has also granted us a non-exclusive license to use the “SBI” brand and trademark. If our rights to the “SBI” brand and trademark are discontinued for any reason, our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. For more information, see “ **_Our Promoter and Promoter Group – Interest of SBI – Licensing agreement dated September 7, 2009 executed amongst SBI and our Company amended by way of Amendment to Licensing Agreement dated July 21, 2017 and Amendment Agreement to Licensing Agreement dated November 19, 2019 (“Licensing Agreement”)_** _”_ on page 191. 

In the past, in the ordinary course of business and in its capacity as a commercial banking institution, our Promoter has extended working capital loans and non-convertible debentures to us, out of which ₹97,666.01 million remained outstanding as of September 30, 2019. Our Promoter has contributed several members of our key management personnel, and we have also leveraged our Promoter’s existing infrastructure and management expertise to support some of our business functions such as IT infrastructure, compliance and risk management, human resources and support for certain information systems. We also benefit from certain pricing advantages derived from our Promoter’s size and scale in negotiating third-party vendor contracts, where we may in certain instances obtain more attractive group rate discounts than we could have obtained otherwise. Finally, our Promoter is also the sponsor bank for one of our payment network agreements, and withdrawal of our Promoter’s support from this arrangement and our inability to find another sponsor bank, may result in a disruption of that payment network agreement. For more information, see “ **_Our Promoter and Promoter Group_** ” and “ **_Restated Financial Statements – Note 41_** ”on page 189 and 288, respectively. 

Our arrangements with our Promoter are not exclusive. As a result, our Promoter could enter into similar or competing relationships with third parties, including our competitors. In addition, the agreements governing our arrangements with our Promoter allow our Promoter to terminate such agreements upon notice without cause. The termination of any of such arrangements could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our Promoter is selling a partial equity stake in us through this offering. Although our Promoter would require the RBI’s approval to relinquish control in us, we cannot assure you that our Promoter would not divest additional equity stakes in us in the future. Therefore, we cannot assure you that we will continue to enjoy the same level of support from our Promoter in the future, which could significantly impact our business model and materially adversely affect us. This could also hamper certain of our decision-making processes and could result in sudden or unexpected changes in our management, corporate policy and strategic direction, each of which could adversely affect us. 

**_4. We use the “SBI” brand of our Promoter, and are exposed to the risk that the “SBI” brand may be affected by events beyond our control and that our Promoter may prevent us from using it in the future._** 

We do not own the “SBI” name, brand or trademark. The “SBI” name, brand and trademark, as well as the associated logo as displayed in our SBI Card brand are owned by our Promoter. We currently use the “SBI” logo pursuant to a license agreement entered into between us and our Promoter, under which our Promoter has granted to us the non-exclusive right to use the name, brand and trademark “SBI” and the associated logo in consideration for our payment of royalty fees to our Promoter. Under this license agreement, our Promoter has the right to terminate the license on occurrence of certain events, which include, among other things, our Promoter’s shareholding in us falling below 26.00% of our outstanding equity share capital, if we undergo a change of control event pursuant to any change occurring in the composition of our board of directors or our shareholding pattern, or if we fail to pay royalty fees to our Promoter. There can be no assurance that our Promoter will not exercise its rights to terminate this license in the event that its shareholding falls below 26.00%, or for other reasons. Should this license be terminated, we would be required to change our name and brand, which could require us to expend 

30 

significant resources to establish new branding and name recognition in the market, as well as undertake efforts to rebrand our branches and our digital presence, which could result in a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, there can be no assurance that our Promoter’s “SBI” brand, which we believe is a well-recognized brand in India due to its long presence in the Indian financial services markets, will not be adversely affected in the future by events or actions that are beyond our control, including cardholder complaints, developments in other businesses that use the “SBI” brand or adverse publicity. Any damage to the “SBI” brand, if not immediately and sufficiently remedied, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_5. We may not be successful in implementing our growth strategies or penetrating new markets or services._** 

We have experienced significant growth in recent years. For instance, our total credit card receivables portfolio has grown from ₹103,052.0 million as of March 31, 2017 to ₹145,698.0 million as of March 31, 2018 and ₹185,262.9 million as of March 31, 2019. Our growth strategies primarily focus on, among others, increasing new card acquisitions and partnerships with retail chains and other retail outlets, capitalizing on SBI’s infrastructure and largely untapped customer base, and stimulating growth in credit card transaction volumes. These strategies may not be as successful as we had initially anticipated and may ultimately be unsuccessful. Even if such strategies are partially successful, we cannot assure you that we will be able to manage our growth effectively, continue to grow our business at a rate similar to what we have experienced in the past or fully deliver on our growth objectives. 

Challenges that may result from our growth strategies include our ability to, among other things: 

- manage efficiently the operations and employees of our expanding businesses; 

- manage difficulties arising from operating a larger and more complex organization; 

- manage geographically-diverse operations and to efficiently and optimally allocate management, technology and other resources across our network; 

- manage third-party service providers in relation to any outsourced services; 

- maintain and grow our existing cardholder base; 

- maintain and grow our credit card spends; 

- maintain and grow our credit card receivables portfolio in proportion with the growth in credit card spends; 

- maintain the level of customer service; 

- assess the value, strengths and weaknesses of future investments; 

- launch new products with an attractive value proposition; 

- keep our information technology systems aligned and up to date with the rapidly evolving technology in the credit cards and payment services industries; 

- complete new product development cycles successfully and in a timely fashion; 

- scale up our technology infrastructure to meet the requirements of growing volumes; 

- apply our risk management policy effectively; 

- keep our cardholders’ data secure and prevent data breaches; and 

- hire and train additional skilled personnel; 

each of which would have a potential adverse impact on our profitability. 

31 

We may not be able to effectively achieve or manage our growth. For example, we intend to increase partnerships with retail chains but there can be no assurance that we will be able to enter into such partnerships. Additionally, our intended increase in marketing spend to promote our products, and plans to capitalize on SBI’s existing customer base may not result in us achieving a larger cardholder base. A key element of our business strategy is to increase the usage of our credit cards by our cardholders, and thereby increase our revenue from transaction and service fees and interest income. However, our cardholders’ use and payment patterns may change because of social, legal, regulatory and economic factors, and cardholders may decide to other payment products instead of credit cards, not increase card usage, or pay their balances within the grace period to avoid charges. Our ability to increase card usage may be affected by competing card products, especially as the competition for the same share of wallet has been increasing with cardholders increasingly holding multiple cards from different credit card issuers, as well as by customer satisfaction levels, legislative or regulatory changes, or our ability to maintain and increase authorization rates for growing numbers of credit card transactions processed through our systems. Further, our competitors may introduce reward programs which may be more attractive than ours. If we are unable to continue to increase our cardholder engagement, our ability to grow usage of our credit cards may be hampered. As a result of these factors, we may be unable to increase or sustain credit card usage, which could impair growth in or lead to diminishing average balances and total revenue, and adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. We may also fail to develop or retain the technical expertise required to develop and grow our digital capabilities. 

To the extent that we fail to meet required targets, develop and launch new products or services successfully, we may lose any or all of the investments that we have made in promoting them, and our reputation with our cardholders could be harmed. Moreover, if our competitors are better able to anticipate the needs of individuals in its target market, we could lose market share and our business could be adversely affected. 

Our inability to effectively manage any of these issues may adversely affect our business growth and, as a result, impact our businesses, prospects, financial condition and results of operations, as well as the market price of the Equity Shares. 

**_6. Our inability to effectively manage our funding and liquidity risk and risk arising out of an unsecured loan which may be recalled at any time could have a material adverse effect on our funding, profitability, liquidity and ability to meet our obligations._** 

We need to effectively manage our funding and liquidity in order to meet our cash requirements such as day-today operating expenses, extensions of revolving credit to our cardholders, payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness and payments on our other obligations. If we do not have sufficient liquidity, we may be exposed to maturity mismatches between our assets and liabilities, face liquidity shortfalls and may not be able to meet our obligations when due, particularly during a liquidity stress event. In addition, as a growing financial services business, we have in the past experienced negative cash flows from operating activities in order to fund the growth in our credit card receivables portfolio, and we have financed these negative cash flows by accessing additional debt or equity financing. Any failure in obtaining additional debt financing in the future would adversely affect our ability to grow our credit card receivables portfolio. 

RBI regulations do not permit non-deposit taking NBFCs, like us, to take deposits from the public. Our primary sources of funding and liquidity are working capital facilities from banks, issuance of non-convertible debentures, commercial paper and other debt securities, as well as our shareholders’ equity. Further, we have also issued multiple series of unlisted NCDs, out of which one such series of unlisted NCDs may be recalled by lenders pursuant to a put/call option arising 18 months prior to the maturity date, subject to the applicable law. 

We may need additional financing in the future to refinance our existing indebtedness and finance growth of our business. The availability of additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as financial market conditions generally, including the availability of credit to the credit cards industry, our performance, capital adequacy levels, relationships with our lenders, our Promoter’s and our credit ratings and our current and future results of operations and financial condition. Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital or credit markets, such as the uncertainty and volatility experienced in the capital and credit markets during periods of financial stress and other economic and political conditions in the global markets, as well as the government of India’s indebtedness levels and fiscal policies, may limit our ability to obtain additional financing or refinance maturing liabilities on desired terms (including funding costs) in a timely manner or at all. As a result, we may be forced to delay obtaining funding or be forced to issue or raise funding on undesirable terms, which could significantly reduce our financial flexibility and cause us to contract or not grow our business, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial conditions. 

32 

There can be no assurance that significant disruptions, uncertainties and volatility will not occur in the future. If we are unable to continue to finance our business and access capital markets on favorable terms and in a timely manner, or if we experience an increase in our borrowing costs or otherwise fail to manage our liquidity effectively, this may adversely affect our business growth and, as a result, impact our businesses, prospects, profitability, financial condition and results of operations, as well as the market price of the Equity Shares. 

**_7. Our business depends on our ability to manage our credit risk, and failing to manage this risk successfully may result in high charge-off rates, which would materially adversely affect our business, profitability and financial condition._** 

We seek to grow our credit card receivables portfolio while maintaining quality credit performance. Our success depends on our ability to manage our credit risk while attracting new cardholders with profitable usage patterns. We select our cardholders, manage their accounts and establish terms and credit limits using scoring models and other analytical techniques that are designed to set terms and credit limits to appropriately compensate us for the credit risk we accept, while encouraging cardholders to use their available credit. The models and approaches we use may not accurately predict future charge-offs due to, among other things, inaccurate assumptions. Inaccuracy of assumptions can arise, in particular, as some of our assumptions relate to matters that are inherently difficult to predict and beyond our control (e.g., macroeconomic conditions and their impact on our various partners’ and cardholders’ behaviors) and often involve complex interactions between a number of dependent and independent variables. Moreover, our models cannot predict loss of employment or prolonged or serious medical illness. Our models may also produce incorrect predictions of future events in relation to a cardholder due to erroneous or misleading data or information provided by such cardholder. The errors or inaccuracies in our models could be material. While we continually seek to improve our assumptions and models, we may make modifications that unintentionally cause them to be less predictive or we may incorrectly interpret the data produced by these models in setting our credit policies. This could lead us to make wrong or sub-optimal decisions in managing our business and allocating the appropriate product to cardholders based on their risk profile. 

A cardholder’s ability to repay us can be negatively impacted by increases in their payment obligations to other lenders under mortgage, credit card and other borrowing obligations. These changes can result from increases in base lending rates or structured increases in payment obligations, and could reduce the ability of our cardholders to meet their payment obligations to other lenders and to us. In addition, a cardholder’s ability to repay us can be negatively impacted by the restricted availability of credit to consumers generally, including reduced and closed lines of credit. Cardholders with insufficient cash flow to fund daily living expenses and lack of access to other sources of credit may be more likely to increase their card usage and ultimately default on their payment obligations to us, resulting in higher credit losses in our portfolio. Our collection operations may not effectively secure more of our cardholders’ diminished cash flow than our competitors. We may not identify cardholders who are likely to default on their payment obligations to us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our strategy to increase our penetration in India’s tier II and tier III cities and other smaller geographical regions may heighten these risks, as they may expose us to new cardholders with riskier credit profiles. 

Our ability to manage credit risk may also be adversely affected by legal or regulatory changes (such as restrictions on collections and bankruptcy laws), competitors’ actions and consumer behavior, as well as inadequate collections staffing, resources, techniques and models. Our failure to manage our credit and other risks may materially adversely affect our profitability and adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

**_8. Substantially all of our credit card portfolio is unsupported by any collateral that could help ensure repayment, and in the event of non-payment by a cardholder of their credit card receivables, we may be unable to collect the unpaid balance._** 

We extend revolving unsecured credit to our cardholders as part of our business operations. As of March 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019, and September 30, 2019, 97.3%, 98.2%, 98.7% and 98.5%, respectively, of our credit card portfolio was unsecured. 

Unsecured credit card receivables present a greater credit risk for us than a portfolio of secured loans because they are not supported by realizable collateral that could help ensure an adequate source of repayment for the credit card receivables. Although we may obtain direct debit instructions from our cardholders for such unsecured credit card receivables, we may still be unable to collect in part or at all in the event of non-payment by a cardholder. Further, any expansion in our unsecured credit card receivables portfolio could require us to increase our provision for credit losses, which would decrease our profitability. 

33 

**_9. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by regulation or legislation limiting interchange fees._** 

Regulators and legislative bodies in a number of countries are seeking to reduce credit card interchange fees through legislation, competition-related regulatory proceedings, central bank regulation or litigation. Interchange reimbursement rates in India are set by payment networks such as MasterCard and Visa. In some jurisdictions, interchange fees and related practices are subject to regulatory activity that has limited the ability of certain networks to establish default rates, including in some cases imposing caps on permissible interchange fees. A development in certain countries could influence regulatory approaches other countries, including India. In India, the RBI has already implemented regulations limiting interchange fees payable on debit card transactions, and similar regulations could be extended to credit card transactions in the future. 

Credit card interchange fees are one of the largest components of our total revenue from operations. Interchange fees comprised 21.1% and 21.9% of our total revenue from operations in the six months ended September 30, 2018 and 2019, respectively, and 22.5% in fiscal 2019, 21.5% in fiscal 2018 and 19.3% in fiscal 2017. Any change in laws or regulations which, among other things, prescribes a ceiling on, or otherwise restricts our ability to charge interchange fees or similar fees, may require us to restructure our activities and incur additional expenses to comply with such laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our business and our financial performance. 

# **_10. Regulatory changes limiting the interest rates we may charge our cardholders could adversely affect our business._** 

Indian regulations do not currently impose any limit on the interest rate we may charge our cardholders. However, Indian regulations could change, and our credit card receivables portfolio could become subject to interest rate caps in the future. 

The interest that we earn on revolving and term credit card balances comprised 50.7% and 51.1% of our total revenue from operations in the six months ended September 30, 2019 and fiscal 2019, respectively, as compared to 53.2% in fiscal 2018 and 56.4% in fiscal 2017. Any change in Indian laws, regulations, policies or the manner in which they are interpreted (by the judiciary or otherwise) or enforced which has the effect of imposing a ceiling on the interest rates that may be charged by credit card issuers may require us to restructure our activities and incur additional expenses to comply with such laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our business and our financial performance. 

# **_11. Cyber-attacks or other security breaches could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation or financial condition._** 

In the normal course of business, we collect, process and retain sensitive and confidential information regarding our partners and our cardholders. Our operations therefore rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. Although we devote significant resources and management focus to ensuring the integrity of our computer systems and networks through information security and business continuity programs, our systems and network are vulnerable to external or internal security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses or other malicious code, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors, or other similar events. Deficiencies in our internal management of information systems and data security practices also expose us to heightened risks which could cause damage to our reputation and adversely impact our business and financial results. Such vulnerabilities could result in a compromise or breach of the technology that we use to protect our cardholders’ personal information and transaction data that we receive and store, which could lead to unauthorized use of our and our cardholders’ data or to fraudulent transactions on our cards, as well as costs associated with responding to such an incident. 

We also face risks related to cyber-attacks and other security breaches in connection with credit card transactions that typically involve the transmission of sensitive information regarding our cardholders through various thirdparties, including our co-brand partners, merchant acquiring banks, payment processors, card networks (e.g., Visa and MasterCard) and our processors (e.g., Fiserv). Some of these parties have in the past been the target of security breaches and cyber-attacks, and because the transactions involve third parties and environments such as the point of sale that we do not control or secure, future security breaches or cyber-attacks affecting any of these third parties could impact us through no fault of our own, and in some cases, we may have exposure and suffer losses for breaches or attacks relating to them. We also rely on numerous other third-party service providers to conduct other aspects of our business operations and face similar risks relating to them. While we regularly conduct security assessments of significant third-party service providers, we cannot be sure that their information security 

34 

protocols are sufficient to withstand a cyber-attack or other security breach. 

It is possible that we and our third-party vendors and service providers may not be able to anticipate or implement preventive measures against all security breaches, especially because the techniques used change frequently or are not recognized until launched, and because security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources. Third parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce our employees, cardholders, partners or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our cardholders or partners. These risks may increase in the future as we continue to increase our reliance on the internet and use of web-based product offerings and on the use of cyber-security. A successful penetration or circumvention of the security of our systems or a defect in the integrity of our systems or cyber-security could cause serious negative consequences for our business, including significant disruption of our business and operations, misappropriation of our confidential information or that of our cardholders, or damage to our computers or operating systems and to those of our cardholders, partners and counterparties. Although we have not experienced any material data breaches in the past, we cannot assure you that such breaches will not occur in the future. 

Any successful cyberattacks or data breaches could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others, which could subject us to significant awards, fines, penalties, judgments, and negative publicity arising from any financial or non-financial damages suffered by any individuals. 

# **_12. Our risk management processes and procedures may not be effective in mitigating all of our risk exposures._** 

Our risk management processes and procedures seek to appropriately balance risk and return and mitigate risks. We have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor and control the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk (including compliance risk) and strategic risk. See **“** **_Our Business - Risk Management_ ”** on page 148 for additional information on the types of risks affecting our business. 

We seek to monitor and control our risk exposure through regular internal audits and by completing risk rating matrix exercises to identify the severity of identified risks (i.e. high, medium or low) within financial, operational, regulatory compliances and reputational impact categories. Management of our risks in some cases depends upon the use of analytical and/or forecasting models. Our models may prove in practice to be less predictive than we expect for a variety of reasons, including as a result of errors in constructing, interpreting or using the models or the use of inaccurate assumptions (including failures to update assumptions appropriately or in a timely manner). Our assumptions may be inaccurate for many reasons including that they often involve matters that are inherently difficult to predict and beyond our control and they often involve complex interactions between a number of dependent and independent variables, factors and other assumptions. If the models that we use to manage these risks are ineffective at predicting future losses or are otherwise inadequate, we may incur unexpected losses or otherwise be adversely affected. In addition, the information we use in managing our credit and other risk may be inaccurate or incomplete as a result of error or fraud, both of which may be difficult to detect and avoid. 

There may also be risks that exist, or that develop in the future, that we have not appropriately anticipated, identified or mitigated including when processes are changed or new products and services are introduced. If our audits and risk matrix do not effectively identify and control our risks, we could suffer unexpected losses or be adversely affected, and that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, and adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_13. We are dependent on third-party payment networks to operate our credit card business._** 

We are dependent on third-party payment networks, including Visa, MasterCard and RuPay for the processing of payments made using our credit cards. We also earn interchange fees and business development incentives, primarily on account of cardholder spends, which represented 25.5% and 25.6% of our total revenue from operations for the six months ended September 30, 2019 and fiscal 2019, respectively. Interchange fees and business development incentives comprised 23.3% and 25.5% of our total revenue from operations in the six months ended September 30, 2018 and 2019, respectively, and 25.6% in fiscal 2019, 24.6% in fiscal 2018 and 21.9% in fiscal 2017. These payment networks may fail or refuse to process our credit card transactions adequately, may breach their agreements with us, or may refuse to renegotiate or renew these agreements on commercially reasonable terms. They may also take actions that degrade the functionality of our credit cards, impose additional costs or requirements on us, give preferential treatment to our competitors, or directly compete with us. If we are unsuccessful in establishing, renegotiating or maintaining mutually beneficial relationships with these payment networks, our business, financial position and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

35 

In addition, these payment networks require us to comply with network operating rules, which are set forth and interpreted by these payment networks at their discretion and may be changed by them at any time. Failure to comply with these network rules or how they are interpreted could have a significant impact on our business and financial results. Moreover, any changes to or interpretations of the payment network rules that are inconsistent with the way we currently operate may require us to make changes to our business that could be costly or difficult to implement. If we fail to make such changes or otherwise resolve the issue with the payment networks, they could fine us or refuse to process our credit card payments, which could materially and adversely affect our business. 

# **_14. We have limited access to credit and other financial information on cardholders, which may decrease the accuracy of our assessment of credit risks and thereby increase the likelihood of cardholders defaults._** 

Our principal activity is to provide credit cards to cardholders located in India. The credit risk associated with our cardholders may be higher than in other economies due to the higher uncertainty in India’s regulatory, political, and economic environment. India’s system for gathering and publishing statistical information relating to the Indian economy generally or specific economic sectors within it or corporate or financial information relating to companies or other economic enterprises may not be as comprehensive as in countries with established market economies. The availability of accurate and comprehensive credit information on retail cardholders and small businesses in India is even more limited than for corporate clients, which reduces our ability to accurately assess the credit risk associated with extending credit to this cardholder segment. The credit risk associated with certain categories of retail cardholders, such as self-employed cardholders, may be even higher due to their potential to be more exposed to fluctuations in cash flows from income and their increased exposure to adverse economic conditions generally. Credit risks may also be higher with first time credit card users who often may not have credit histories that would enable us to accurately assess their creditworthiness, and our focus on expanding our new-to-credit portfolio may expose us to these increased risks. 

In addition, many of the nationwide credit bureaus have become operational in India in recent years, and it may be some time before comprehensive information on the credit history of our cardholders, especially individuals and small businesses, is available to us. Although as part of our credit policy, we conduct credit checks of all our cardholders, including with credit bureaus and personal discussions, there can be no assurance that such credit information will be accurate or comprehensive. 

The absence of reliable and comprehensive statistical and financial information relating to our present and prospective cardholders makes the assessment of credit risk more difficult. Such difficulties in assessing credit risks may lead to an increase in the level of our non-performing and restructured assets, which could materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. Moreover, as a part of our credit assessment process, we rely on information furnished to us by our cardholders (including in relation to their financial transactions and past credit history) and by third parties such as credit information companies or credit bureaus. We may receive inaccurate or incomplete information from our cardholders and such third parties, as a result of which our risk management measures may not be adequate to prevent or detect cardholders with high credit risk, which may adversely affect our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Difficulties in assessing credit risks associated with certain cardholders, may lead to an increase payment defaults, which could adversely affect our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_15. Our provisions for credit losses may prove to be insufficient to cover losses on our credit card receivables._** 

We maintain provisions for credit losses at levels that we believe to be appropriate to provide for incurred losses in our credit card receivables portfolio. However, the process for establishing provisions for credit losses under the “expected credit loss” model involves a high degree of judgment and complexity, and is thus susceptible to being incorrectly or imprecisely estimated. Our provisioning coverage ratio (calculated as total provisions on Stage 3 assets divided by total Stage 3 assets) as of March 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019 was 67.9%, 67.3% and 66.5%, respectively, and 67.0% as of September 30, 2019. Although we maintain provisions for credit losses above the minimum levels prescribed by the RBI, we cannot fully predict such losses or give assurances that our provisions will be adequate in the future, and we may underestimate our incurred losses and fail to maintain sufficient provisions for credit losses to account for such losses. 

We may not be successful in our efforts to improve collections and/or recoveries in relation to our NPAs, or otherwise adequately control our NPAs. Should the overall credit quality of our credit card receivables portfolio deteriorate, the current level of our provisions may not be adequate to cover further increases in the amount of NPAs. Moreover, we cannot assure you that our experience of NPA recoveries will be similar to that in the past. 

36 

Increases in our provisions for credit losses or recognized losses would result in a decrease in net earnings and capital, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_16. Disruptions or failure in the operation of our technology infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on our business._** 

Our ability to deliver products and services to our cardholders, service our credit card receivables portfolio and otherwise operate our business and comply with applicable laws depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our technology infrastructure, including our computer systems and data centers, as well as those of our partners and third-party service providers. This technology infrastructure may encounter service interruptions at any time due to system or software disruptions and failures caused by fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, unauthorized intrusion, computer viruses and disabling devices, natural disasters and other similar events may interrupt or delay our ability to provide services to our cardholders. In addition, our financial, accounting or other data processing systems and management information systems or our corporate website may fail to operate adequately or become disabled as a result of events that may be beyond our control or may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses or other attacks. Although we have a disaster recovery plan in place, we may not be able to prevent or mitigate all service interruptions in the future, the effects of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The credit cards industry is characterized by rapidly changing technologies, and the implementation of technology changes and upgrades to maintain current and integrate new systems may also cause service interruptions, transaction processing errors and system conversion delays and may cause our failure to comply with applicable laws, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Conversely, our failure to maintain a current technology infrastructure could cause disruptions in our operations or cause our products and services to be less competitive, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_17. Our results of operations and growth depend on our ability to retain our existing co-brand partners and attract new co-brand partners._** 

In the ordinary course of our business we enter into different types of contractual arrangements with business partners in a variety of industries to provide co-branded cards for consumers. We have co-brand partnerships with several companies in the travel, fuel, fashion, healthcare and mobility industries, including Air India, Apollo Hospitals, BPCL, Etihad Guest, Fbb, the IRCTC, OLA Money and Yatra, among others. Credit card spends from our co-branded credit cards represented 19.3% and 24.1% of our total credit card spends in fiscal 2019 and in the six months ended September 30, 2019, respectively. We also rely on our co-brand partners to acquire new customers through our open-market sourcing channels, and newly sourced co-brand accounts represented 29.6% and 36.0% of our total cardholder accounts sourced in fiscal 2019 and in the six months ended September 30, 2019, respectively. 

The co-branding arrangements entered into by us with our co-brand partners are for a fixed period of time, typically ranging from three to five years, and the agreements terminate upon the expiry of the term, unless extended or renewed by the parties. Further, while certain of our co-brand agreements provide for a lock-in period, the parties have the ability to terminate the arrangement upon the expiry of the lock-in period, after providing a prior written notice in accordance with the terms of the respective agreements. 

Competition for relationships with new and existing co-brand partners is very intense and there can be no assurance we will be able to grow or maintain these partner relationships or that they will remain as profitable. Establishing and retaining attractive co-brand partnerships is particularly competitive among card issuers. We face the risk that our co-brand arrangements may not be renewed or may be renewed on terms which are less favorable to us. In addition, existing relationships may be renewed with less favorable terms to us in response to increased competition for such relationships. 

Our results of operations and growth may be impacted by our ability to retain existing co-brand partners and attract new co-brand partners. In addition, if our co-brand partners do not fulfil their obligations under our cobrand agreements, we may not able to achieve the anticipated benefits from our co-brand relationships. In particular, certain of our co-brand partners are responsible for significant contributions to our credit card spends and new cardholder account sourcing, and the loss of any significant co-brand partner, or any slowdown in such co-brand partners’ individual business or the industry in which they operate, may adversely affect our operations. 

37 

**_18. We rely on third-parties for customer acquisitions, technology, platforms and other services integral to the operations of our businesses._** 

We rely on third-party service providers, merchants, cardholder acquisition channels, processors, aggregators, payment networks and other third parties for services that are integral to our operations, such as call center services, fraud control, payment processing, collections, logistical services and certain other services that we provide to our cardholders. We also rely in part on third party co-brand partners for new cardholder acquisitions. For more information on our key third party suppliers, see “ **_Our Business – Key Suppliers and Partnerships_** _”_ on page 144. As outsourcing, specialization of functions, third-party digital services and technology innovation within the credit card industry increase (including with respect to mobile technologies, tokenization, big data and cloud storage solutions), additional third parties may become involved in processing card transactions and handling our data, among other activities. 

We are subject to the risk that activities of such third parties may adversely affect our business. If a service provider or other third party ceases to provide the services upon which we rely, whether as a result of natural disaster, operational disruptions or errors, terrorism, information or cyber security incidents, or any other reason, such failure could interrupt or compromise the quality of our services to cardholders or impact our ability to grow our business. We are also exposed to the risk that a disruption or other event at a third party affecting one of our service providers or co-brand partners could impede their ability to provide to us services or data on which we rely to operate our business. Service providers or other third parties could also cease providing data to us if we are unable to negotiate for data use rights or use our data for purposes that do not benefit us. 

Our fraud control and collection teams work regularly with third party customer verification agencies, to conduct credit appraisals, to verify customer details and to collect overdue payments from customers. We also engage third party service providers, for engaging manpower for undertaking sales and related activities, as a part of our open market marketing channel. Accordingly, we are exposed to the risk that third party service providers may be unable to fulfil their contractual obligations to us (or will be subject to the risk of fraud or operational errors by their respective employees) and to the risk that their (or their vendors’) business continuity and data security systems prove to be inadequate. Further, under RBI regulations, we are required to regulate and monitor the actions of the third parties engaged by us. For instance, we are required to ensure that the third parties appointed by us do not transfer or misuse any customer information during marketing of credit card products. Any defaults or lapses by our third party service providers could result in a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 

Additionally, we are dependent on certain external vendors or service providers for the implementation and maintenance of our systems. We are exposed to the risk that these external vendors or service providers may be unable to fulfil their contractual obligations to us (or will be subject to the risk of fraud or operational errors by their respective employees) and to the risk that their (or their vendors’) business continuity and data security systems prove to be inadequate. 

The management of multiple vendors also tends to increase our operational complexity. A failure to exercise adequate oversight over service providers, including compliance with service level agreements or regulatory or legal requirements, could result in regulatory actions, fines, sanctions or economic and reputational harm to us. In addition, we may not be able to effectively monitor or mitigate operational risks relating to our vendors’ service providers. Although we may have the benefit of contractual indemnities in certain of our third-party service agreements, such indemnities may not always cover all types of liabilities we may incur and, even if they are within the scope of coverage, the amounts we recover under such indemnities may not be sufficient to cover all of our losses. 

# **_19. We may be unsuccessful in adapting to rapidly changing technologies and introducing new products or services to keep pace with such technological changes._** 

Technological changes continue to significantly impact the credit cards and payment services industries, such as continuing development of technologies in the areas of smart cards, radio frequency and proximity payment devices, electronic wallets, mobile commerce, data analytics, machine learning, block-chain and artificial intelligence, among others. For example, we may be unsuccessful in deploying new technologies to strengthen our credit underwriting capabilities, optimize marketing efforts, enhance customer service, drive efficiencies in back-office functions or reduce fraud. Mobile, e-wallet and tokenization platforms, including the increasingly prevalent unified payments interface platform, present formidable competition as they are able to attract large payment volumes at low or no payment processing fees to merchants. Therefore increasingly competitive mobile, e-wallet and tokenization spaces are expected to continue to present risks to our credit cards business and card- 

38 

# based transactions. 

The effect of technological changes on our business is unpredictable. We depend, in part, on third parties for the development of and access to new technologies. We expect that new services and technologies relating to the payments business will continue to appear in the market, and these new services and technologies may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies that we currently use in our products and services. Rapidly evolving technologies and new entrants in mobile and emerging payments pose a risk to us both as a card issuer and credit provider. As a result, our future success may be dependent on our ability to identify and adapt to technological changes, integrate the new technology into our ecosystem and evolving industry standards and to provide payment solutions for our cardholders, merchants and financial institution customers. Additionally, most of our competitors are banking institutions with advanced technology infrastructure supporting their banking products and services. Accordingly, we may be placed at a disadvantaged as compared to our banking competitors. 

Difficulties or delays in the development, production, testing and marketing of new products or services may be caused by a number of factors including, among other things, operational, capital and regulatory constraints. The occurrence of such difficulties may affect the success of our products or services, and developing unsuccessful products and services could result in financial losses as well as decreased capital availability. In addition, the new products and services offered may not be attractive to consumers, merchants or financial institution customers. Also, success of a new product or service may depend upon our ability to deliver it on a large scale, which may require a significant capital investment that we may not be in a position to make. If we are unable to successfully introduce and maintain new income-generating products and services while also managing our expenses, it may impact our ability to compete effectively and materially adversely affect our business and earnings, and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_20. We will continue to be controlled by our Promoter after the completion of the Offer, and the interests of our Promoter and other significant shareholders may conflict with your interests as a shareholder._** 

As of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoter holds 74.00% of our issued, subscribed and paid-up equity share capital, while CA Rover Holdings holds 26.00% of our issued, subscribed and paid-up equity share capital. Upon completion of the Offer, our Promoter and CA Rover Holdings will continue to hold a significant portion of our issued, subscribed and paid up Equity Share capital. Further, in exercise of its statutory rights under Indian law, our Promoter will have the right to nominate director(s) to our board of directors following the Offer and listing of our Equity Shares. In addition, CA Rover Holdings will have the right to nominate at least one director to our board of directors following the Offer and listing of our Equity Shares so long as its shareholding amounts to at least 10% (ten per cent) of our paid-up equity share capital, subject to the approval of our shareholders through a special resolution in our first shareholders’ general meeting. 

# For details, see _“_ **_Main Provisions of the Articles of Association_** _”_ on page 422 

Therefore, subsequent to the Offer and listing of our Equity Shares, our Promoter will continue to be able to control the outcome of matters submitted to our board of directors or shareholders for approval, and thus will continue to exercise significant control or influence over our business and major policy decisions. Further, CA Rover Holdings will have the right to nominate at least one voting member of our board of directors following the Offer and listing of our Equity Shares, and thus will also continue to exercise significant influence over us through their shareholding subsequent to the Offer and listing of our Equity Shares. 

The interests of our Promoter, CA Rover Holdings and other significant shareholders may be different from our interests or the interests of other shareholders. For example, our Promoter could, by exercising their powers of control, delay or defer or initiate a change of control in us or a change in our capital structure, delay or defer a merger, consolidation, or discourage a merger with another company. Accordingly, our Promoter, CA Rover Holdings and other significant shareholders may take actions with respect to our business and the businesses of our peers and competitors that may not be in our or our other shareholders’ best interests. The interests of our Promoter, CA Rover Holdings and other significant shareholders may therefore conflict with your interests as our shareholder and the interest of our other shareholders. 

**_21. Changes in consumer behaviors, the increasing adoption of digital technologies, as well as legal or regulatory changes may affect our retail customer sourcing strategies and may adversely impact the competitive advantages we derive from our physical retail customer sourcing assets._** 

We have expended significant efforts in establishing a physical retail customer sourcing network, co-brand partnerships and other retail distribution assets. Advances in technology such as digital and mobile banking, in- 

39 

branch self-service technologies, proximity or remote payment technologies, as well as changing consumer preferences for these other methods of delivering financial services, could decrease the value of our physical retail customer sourcing network, co-brand partnerships or other retail distribution assets and decrease the competitive advantage that we derive from such assets. Legal or regulatory changes (such as restrictions on the outsourcing of certain functions or on cross-selling activities at co-brand partners’ points of sale) could also decrease the value of, or the competitive advantage that we derive from such assets. As a result, we may need to reevaluate our retail customer sourcing strategy and potentially restructure or reduce our retail customer sourcing network, co-brand partnerships and work force. This may also require us to invest significantly in building new technology platforms or other alternative strategies in order to continue competing effectively. These actions could lead to losses on these assets or could adversely impact the carrying value of such assets, reduce our revenues, increase our expenditures, dilute our brand and/or reduce consumer demand for our products and services. Further, to the extent that we change our retail customer sourcing strategy and as a result expand into new business areas, we may face more competitors with more experience in the new business areas and more established relationships with relevant customers, regulators and industry participants, which could adversely affect our ability to compete. 

# **_22. Changes in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our net earnings, funding and liquidity._** 

Credit card rates historically have not been driven by changes in interest rates to the same extent as, for instance, mortgages, as credit card rates are typically “managed” rates based on creditworthiness of the relevant cardholders. However, increasing or volatile interest rates could lead to higher interest costs for existing cardholders on their other indebtedness, which may affect their ability to repay their borrowings to other financial institutions and, by implication, the credit card receivables we have extended to them, which may lead to an increase in arrears among our cardholders as well as an increase in our impairment charges and charge-off rates. In addition, we may not be able to raise interest rates on our products in line with any increases in the prevailing interest rates immediately or at all due to competitive or other factors. 

A higher interest rate environment could reduce demand for credit products generally and may also adversely impact our cardholders’ spending levels, as individuals are less likely or less able to take on credit and increase consumption when interest rates are high. This could reduce the volume of new business for our credit card products and the amounts of our cardholders’ credit card transactions, thus resulting in a material adverse impact on our revenue and profits. Higher interest rates could also adversely affect our ability to obtain new funding at a cost of funds that we deem reasonable or at all. These effects could be heightened if the share of our revenue from operations that we derive from interest income increases in the future, which could increase our exposure to interest rate volatility. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_23. We are subject to capital adequacy requirements as stipulated by the RBI._** 

As an NBFC-ND-SI, we are subject to capital adequacy regulations prescribing the minimum amount of capital we must hold as a percentage of the risk-weighted assets on our portfolio and of the risk adjusted value of our offbalance sheet items, as applicable. As per the capital adequacy norms issued by the RBI, our capital to risk ratio consisting of tier I and tier II capital should not be less than 15% of our aggregate risk-weighted on-balance sheet assets and of the risk-adjusted value of our off-balance sheet items. The tier I capital in respect of an NBFC-NDSI, at any point of time, is required to be not be less than 10%. As of September 30, 2019, our CRAR was 19.0%, of which Tier I capital was 14.8%. 

Any increase in RBI-mandated capital adequacy requirements applicable to us on account of regulatory changes or otherwise may compel us to commit our existing capital away from profitable business opportunities, or to raise additional capital, in order to meet these new capital adequacy requirements. For example, we may be compelled to dispose of certain of our assets and/or take other measures in order to obtain the necessary capital to meet higher capital adequacy requirements. This would limit our ability to grow our business or adversely impact our profitability and our future performance and strategy. 

In addition, any failure to maintain adequate capital in the future, whether due to changes in regulations, a lack of access to capital markets or otherwise, may impact our ability to grow and support our business, and may subject us to regulatory penalties, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

**_24. We may fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, which could prevent us from making timely and accurate reporting of our financial results._** 

40 

We are vulnerable to risks arising from the failure of our employees to adhere to approved procedures, failures of security systems, information system disruptions, communication systems failure and data interception during transmission through external communication channels and networks. Failure to detect these breaches in security may adversely affect our operations. Our internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements on a timely manner due to inherent limitations, including human error, circumvention or overriding of controls, embezzlement or fraud. In addition, several of our credit appraisal and collection-related processes are yet to be fully automated, which may increase the risk that human error, tampering or manipulation will result in losses that may be difficult to detect. 

We have implemented measures designed to address those internal control deficiencies and expect to continue to implement measures designed to improve our internal control over financial reporting. While we believe that these measures have been effective in correcting these internal control deficiencies in the past, we cannot be certain that, at some point in the future, another material weakness will not be identified or our internal controls will not fail to detect a matter they are designed to prevent, and failure to remedy such material weaknesses could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements and have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, our financial reporting may be disclosed on an untimely basis or with inaccuracies, we could fail to meet our financial reporting obligations and we could be adversely affected. 

**_25. We may not be able to detect money laundering and other illegal or improper activities fully or on a timely basis, which could expose us to additional liability and harm our business or reputation._** 

We are required to comply with applicable anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism laws and other regulations in India and in other jurisdictions where we may have operations. These laws and regulations require us, among other things, to adopt and enforce know-your-customer, anti-money laundering and combating financing of terrorism (“KYC/AML”) policies and procedures and to report suspicious and large transactions to the applicable regulatory authorities in different jurisdictions. 

We have adopted policies and procedures aimed at detecting and preventing the use of our products and payment services for money laundering activities and by terrorists and terrorist-related organizations and individuals, such policies and procedures may not completely eliminate instances where we may be used by other parties to engage in money laundering and other illegal or improper activities. Our business and reputation could suffer if any such parties succeed in using our products or payment services for money laundering or other illegal or improper purposes. 

We have in place internal controls, systems and procedures in conformity with the RBI directives and believe that our anti-money laundering and KYC compliance policies and procedures are generally adequate and in accordance with regulatory guidelines. However, to the extent that we fail to fully comply with applicable KYC/AML laws and regulations, the relevant government agencies and regulatory authorities may impose fines and other penalties against us, which could adversely affect our business and reputation. 

We have in the past received regulatory observations highlighting certain instances of procedural lapses relating to KYC/AML rules and regulations. Such procedural lapses have included, for example, failure to obtain signed KYC documentation from certain of our cardholders. Although we have implemented corrective measures designed to prevent recurrence of these lapses, no assurances can be provided that such measures will be effective or that similar issues will not arise in the future. 

The RBI as well as other regulators are empowered to impose penalties on us as an NBFC and our employees and take other administrative measures to enforce applicable regulatory requirements, and failure by us to comply with such regulatory requirements could expose us to significant monetary liabilities, regulatory challenges and reputational damage. Penalties imposed by regulators may generate adverse publicity for us and our business. Such adverse publicity, or any future scrutiny, investigation, inspection or audit which could result in fines, public reprimands, damage to our reputation, significant time and attention from our management, costs for investigations and remediation of affected cardholders, may materially adversely affect our business and financial results. 

**_26. Our business depends on the continuity of our management team, skilled personnel and our ability to retain and attract talented personnel._** 

41 

We are highly dependent on the services of our management team and other key personnel. Our ability to meet future business challenges depends, among other things, on their continued employment and our ability to attract and recruit talented and skilled personnel. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to retain our key personnel. Competition for skilled and professional personnel in the payments industry is intense. The loss of key personnel, an inability to recruit, train and retain a sufficient number of experienced personnel or the inability to manage attrition levels may have a material adverse impact on our business, our ability to grow and our control over various business functions. 

**_27. Fraudulent activity associated with our products or our networks could cause our brand to suffer reputational damage, the use of our products to decrease and our fraud losses to be materially adversely affected._** 

We are subject to the risk of fraudulent activity associated with merchants, cardholders and other third parties handling cardholder information. Credit card fraud, identity theft and related crimes are prevalent and perpetrators are growing ever more sophisticated. Our resources, cardholder authentication methods and fraud prevention tools may be insufficient to accurately predict or prevent fraud. Additionally, our risk of fraud continues to increase as third parties that handle confidential consumer information suffer security breaches, and as we expand our business and introduce new products and features in the market. An increase in fraudulent and other illegal activity involving us could lead to reputational damage, damage our brand, and could reduce the use and acceptance of our credit cards. In addition, significant increases in fraudulent activity could lead to regulatory intervention (such as mandatory card reissuance) and reputational and financial damage to our brand. Each of these factors could negatively impact the use of our credit cards, the level of our fraud charge-offs, our financial condition, and other results of operations and thereby have a material adverse effect on our business. Although we have not yet been subject to a material incidence of frauds, we cannot assure you that material frauds will not occur in future. 

**_28. Conflicts of interest may arise out of common business objectives shared by our Promoter and us._** 

Our Promoter was India’s largest commercial bank in terms of deposits, advances and number of branches as of September 30, 2019 according to the RBI. Accordingly, it engages in a broad spectrum of activities, including investments in credit cards through us, debit cards and payment services industry. In the ordinary course of its activities, our Promoter may engage in activities where the interests of certain of its business divisions, its affiliates, or the interests of its clients may conflict with the interests of our shareholders. In particular, we may compete with existing and future private and public credit card issuers or payment services companies that our Promoter may establish or invest in. Certain of these divisions and entities have or may have a business or investment strategy similar to our business strategy and therefore may compete with us, which may present various conflicts of interest. For example, in fiscal 2020, our Promoter began offering equated monthly instalment capabilities on debit card purchases by its customers, which would finance retail purchases into multiple instalments, which would compete with our credit card business in certain respects. Further, SBICAP Securities as well, which is our Group Company and is a registered corporate agent (composite), has a common pursuit such as ours. 

In the event that any such conflicts of interest arise, our Promoter may make decisions regarding our operations, financial structure or commercial transactions that may not be in our shareholders’ best interests. It may also enable a competitor to take advantage of a corporate opportunity at our expense. Such decisions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Should we face any such conflicts in the future, they may not be resolved in our favor. 

**_29. We, our Promoter and certain of our directors are involved in a number of legal and regulatory proceedings that, if determined against us or them, could have a material adverse impact on our future performance and reputation._** 

In the ordinary course of business, we, our Promoter and certain of our directors may become involved in certain legal or regulatory proceedings, regulatory investigations, audits or other inspections in the ordinary course which could result in judgments, fines, reprimands and damage to our reputation. These matters may also result in the diversion of significant time and attention from our management, significant costs for us to defend itself as well as costs for investigations and remediation of affected cardholders, each of which could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

The list of material outstanding legal proceedings as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is set out below. 

42 

|**S.**<br>**No.**|**Name of**<br>**Entity**<sup>*****</sup>|**Criminal**<br>**Proceedings**|**Tax**<br>**proceedings**|**Statutory/**<br>**Regulatory**<br>**proceedings**<sup>*****</sup>|**Material**<br>**civil**<br>**litigation**|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**<br>**involved**<sup>**^**</sup><br>**_(in ₹ million)_**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|1.|**Company**||||||
||By the<br>Company|33,378|-|-|3|1,006.60|
||Against the<br>Company|-|15|1|10|4,786.11|
|2.|**Directors**||||||
||By the<br>Directors|-|-|-|-|-|
||Against the<br>Directors|2|-|1|-|25|
|3.|**Promoter**||||||
||By the<br>Promoter|82<sup>**</sup>|-|-|-|390,565.20|
|* _There i_|Against the<br>Promoter<br>_s no pending litigat_|1<br>_ion involving our Gr_|Over 486<br>_oup Companies which_|1<br>_will have a material im_|19<br>_pact on our Comp_|639,043.42<br>_any_|



> * _<mark>There is no pending litigation involving our Group Companies which will have a material impact on our Company</mark>_ * * _SBI reported,  8 frauds during Fiscal 2018, 25 frauds during Fiscal 2019 and 48  frauds during the period from April 1, 2019 to November 22, 2019, which involved an amount of more than ₹ 1,000 million, each. The aggregate amount involved in such frauds were ₹ 14,620 million during Fiscal 2018, ₹ 107,250 million, during Fiscal 2019 and ₹ 267,575.20 million, during the period from April 1, 2019 to November 22, 2019._ 

> ^ _To the extent quantifiable_ 

These legal proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts and tribunals. The amounts claimed in these proceedings have been disclosed to the extent ascertainable and quantifiable and include amounts claimed jointly and severally. These matters may arise for various reasons, including because we seek to recover monies from our cardholders or because our cardholders seek claims against us or for other reasons. Although it is our policy to make provisions for probable loss for litigation matters, we do not make provisions or disclosures in our financial statements where our assessment is that the risk is not probable. 

We cannot assure you that the judgments in any of the litigation or regulatory proceedings in which we are involved would be favorable to us and if our assessment of the risk changes, our view on provisions will also change. Increased provisioning for such potential losses could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. If our provisioning is inadequate as compared to actual losses on final judgment, such additional losses could have a material adverse impact on our business and trading price of the Equity Shares. Any adverse outcome of litigation or regulatory proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, our future financial performance and trading price of the Equity Shares. We may also incur legal cost for a matter even if we have not made any legal provisions for the same. In addition, the cost of resolving a legal claim may be substantially higher than any amount reserved for that matter. For further information on litigation in which we are involved, see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_** ” on page 363. 

# **_30. The financial services industry is heavily regulated, and material changes in the regulations that govern us could cause our business to suffer._** 

We are a Non-Banking Financial Company – Systemically Important Non-Deposit Taking Company (“ **NBFCND-SI** ”) registered with the RBI. We are also registered with the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (“ **IRDAI** ”) to act as a “corporate agent (composite)”. Further, we are also registered with the Indian Department of Telecommunications (“ **DoT** ”) as an ‘other service provider’ for operating our call-centers for servicing our customers. Accordingly, in addition to the general regulations governing a company in India, we are also subject to comprehensive regulation and supervision by various regulatory authorities, including the RBI, the IRDAI and the DoT. We are required to obtain and maintain various statutory and regulatory permits and approvals from time to time to operate our business, which requires us to comply with certain terms and conditions to continue our operations. 

The financial services industry is heavily regulated and is also subject to frequent change of policies and amendments based on changing macro-economic conditions. We cannot assure you that laws or regulations will not be adopted, amended, enforced or interpreted in the future in a manner that will not have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. For example, recent media articles have reported the RBI’s 

43 

intention to restrict the use of direct selling agents by banks to source retail loans and carry out physical document verification and, if such regulatory changes were to be extended to credit card issuers like us, we may be required to change the way in which we operate our business. In addition, the volume, granularity, frequency and scale of regulatory and other reporting requirements require a clear data strategy to enable consistent data aggregation, reporting and management. Inadequate management information systems or processes, including those relating to risk data aggregation and risk reporting, could lead to a failure to meet regulatory reporting requirements or other internal or external information demands and we may face regulatory penalties as a result. For further information, see “ **_Key Regulations and Policies in India_** ” on page 152. 

For instance, we are required to obtain and maintain certificate of registration for carrying on business as an NBFC from the RBI, which is subject to numerous conditions and requirements including exposure limits, classification of NPAs, KYC requirements and other internal control mechanisms. We are also required to obtain and maintain certificate of registration for carrying on business as a composite corporate insurance agent from the IRDAI and as ‘other service provider’ from the DoT, each of which are further subject to certain conditions and requirements prescribed by the respective regulatory authority. For details of our pending applications, see “ **_Government and Other Approvals_** ” on page 374. Further, although we have no reason to believe that such statutory and regulatory permits and approvals will not be granted and/or renewed we cannot guarantee that we will be able to maintain, renew or obtain any required statutory and regulatory permits and approvals in the future, in a timely manner, or that no additional requirement will be imposed in connection with such request. In addition, we require various registrations to operate our branches in the ordinary course of business, such as those required to be obtained or maintained under applicable legislations governing shops and establishments, professional tax, labor related registrations and trade licenses of the particular state in which they operate. Some of these approvals may have expired, and we have either applied, or is in the process of applying for renewals of them. In the event that we are unable to renew or maintain such regulatory approvals or comply with any or all of the applicable terms and conditions, or seek waivers or extensions of time for complying with such terms and conditions, we may be subject to regulatory actions by the RBI including the levy of fines or penalties and/or the cancellation of our license to operate as an NBFC and such similar actions by other regulators, as applicable. Any such actions may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and the trading price of our Equity Shares. 

**_31. We operate from leased premises, including our Registered Office and Corporate Office, and we cannot assure you that our lease agreements will be renewed upon termination or will be renewed at the same or similar commercial terms._** 

The premises on which our Registered Office at New Delhi and Corporate Office at Gurugram are situated have been leased to us. The lease agreement in respect of our Registered Office is valid until June 30, 2020 and the lease agreements in respect of our Corporate Office are valid until September 30, 2020 and January 31, 2022. As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, all of our 23 office locations (including our Registered Office and Corporate Office) are on leased premises, and we do not own any of these premises. Any of these lease agreements can be terminated, and any such termination could result in any of these offices being shifted or shut down. There can be no assurance that we will, in the future, be able to retain and renew the leases for the existing locations on same or similar terms, or will be able to find alternate locations for the existing branches on similar terms favourable to us, or at all. In the event we fail to find suitable premises for relocation of existing branches or offices, if required, or in relation to new or proposed branches, in time or at all this may cause a disruption of our operations in these premises and result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and result of operation. Further, certain of these properties may have one or more irregularities of title, such as nonregistration of lease deeds and there can be no assurance that we would be able to enforce our rights under the relevant lease agreements, and any inability to do so could impair our operations. 

# **_32. Our insurance policies may not be sufficient to cover all of our losses._** 

We maintain several types of insurance policies in line with the risk management policies of our business, which generally attempt to follow industry market practices for similar activities. 

We maintain several types of insurance policies and have coverage that we deem appropriate and customary for a company of our size and nature. Our insurance policies include coverage for material risks, including cybersecurity breaches, fire, burglary, vehicle damage, lightning, explosion, windstorm, smoke, leakage, collapse, and certain other business risks. We have also obtained group term life insurance and a group health insurance policy which covers employees and their family members. 

The coverage obtained by these insurance policies may not be sufficient to cover all the risks to which we are exposed, which could adversely affect us. Additionally, we may not be able to successfully contract or renew our 

44 

insurance policies on satisfactory terms. If we are unable to procure adequate levels of insurance at rates that our management deems satisfactory, we could be adversely affected. 

**_33. If we are alleged to have infringed upon the intellectual property rights owned by others or are not able to protect our intellectual property, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected._** 

Competitors or other third parties may allege that we, or consultants or other third parties retained or indemnified by us, infringe on their intellectual property rights. We also may face allegations that our employees have misappropriated intellectual property of their former employers or other third parties. Given the complex, rapidly changing and competitive technological and business environment in which we operate, and the potential risks and uncertainties of intellectual property-related litigation, an assertion of an infringement claim against us may cause us to spend significant amounts to defend the claim (even if we ultimately prevail), pay significant money damages, lose significant revenues, be prohibited from using the relevant systems, processes, technologies or other intellectual property, cease offering certain products or services, or incur significant license, royalty or technology development expenses. Moreover, the measures we rely on to protect our intellectual property and proprietary information, including trademarks, trade secrets and controls on access and distribution, may not prevent misappropriation or infringement of our intellectual property or proprietary information and a resulting loss of competitive advantage, and in any event, we may be required to litigate to protect our intellectual property and proprietary information from misappropriation or infringement by others, which is expensive, could cause a diversion of resources and may not be successful. We have filed applications in respect of trademarks, including our new logo, under various classes such as 9, 36, 38 and 42 with the Registrar of Trademarks under the Trade Marks Act, which are pending registration as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. However, we cannot guarantee that any of our pending trademark applications will be approved by the applicable governmental authorities or that it will not be  abandoned or objected by third parties. For further details, see “ **_Government  and Other Approvals_** ” on page 374. Third parties may challenge, object, invalidate or circumvent our intellectual property, or our intellectual property and pending applications may not be sufficient to provide us with competitive advantages. 

**_34. We are subject to certain restrictive covenants in our financing instruments that restrict, among other things, our ability to declare dividends and pledge assets as collateral._** 

As of September 30, 2019 and March 31, 2019, our total indebtedness was ₹174,273.44 million and ₹136,505.25 million, respectively. The financing documents relating to our outstanding indebtedness contain certain restrictive covenants that, among other things, require us to comply with the RBI’s capital adequacy ratios and restrict, in certain circumstances, our ability to: 

- (i) declare dividends; 

- (ii) pledge assets as collateral; 

- (iii) undergo a change of control event; 

- (iv) undergo significant changes in our management; 

- (v) enter into mergers, consolidations or other corporate reorganizations; 

- (vi) change our memorandum of association or articles of association; and 

- (vii) take on new indebtedness. 

These restrictions may limit our ability to react to changes in the Indian economy or the financial services industry, take advantage of profitable opportunities and fulfil our obligations under our other financing documents, which could adversely affect us. For more information, see “ **_Financial Indebtedness – Key terms of the borrowings availed by our Company – Restrictive covenants_** ” on page 322. 

In the event of a breach of any such restrictive covenant, an event of default may be triggered, which could result in, among other things, the termination or suspension of the borrowing arrangement, enforcement of security interest, imposition of contractual penalties and payment of further interest at such rate as may be prescribed. An event of default could also potentially result in a cross default under our other debt obligations. In the event of an acceleration of our outstanding indebtedness, we may be unable to settle the outstanding amounts of our debts, which would adversely affect our business. 

Although we are currently in compliance with the financial covenants contained in our existing financing documents, no assurances can be provided that we will continue to be in compliance in the future, or that we will be able to obtain waivers for any future instances of non-compliance. Further, we cannot assure you that, in the event of any such default, we will have sufficient resources to repay the outstanding amounts in accordance with the borrowing arrangements. 

45 

**_35. We may make acquisitions of businesses or purchases of portfolios or other assets, or pursue joint ventures, business combinations or other lines of business, which may prove unsuccessful or strain or divert our resources._** 

From time to time, we may seek to grow our business by acquiring or combining with other businesses through purchases of assets, such as credit card receivable portfolios. Successful growth through future acquisitions is dependent upon our ability to identify suitable acquisition targets, conduct appropriate due diligence, negotiate transactions on favorable terms and ultimately complete such transactions and effectively integrate the acquired business. 

Effective from April 1, 2018, SBI Business Process and Management Services Pvt Ltd (SBIBPMSL), an entity that provided back-end payment and processing services to us, was merged with and amalgamated into our Company. Although we believe this merger has resulted in operational synergies and process efficiencies to our business, such business combinations may also result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures and may not result in the anticipated benefits. 

In particular, we may fail to assimilate or integrate the merged or acquired businesses, technologies, services, products, personnel or operations of the merged companies, retain key personnel necessary to favorably execute the merged or acquired companies’ business plan, or retain existing cardholders or sell acquired products to new cardholders. Such acquisitions may also disrupt our ongoing business, increase personnel costs, divert our resources and require significant management attention that would otherwise be available for ongoing development of our current business. Acquisitions may not necessarily contribute to business growth or profitability and may ultimately be unsuccessful. We could also experience difficulties in assimilating personnel and integrating operations and cultures, and may not realize the anticipated synergies or efficiencies from such transactions. These difficulties could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees, and increase our expenses. Even if the assets of the business are acquired for cash, we may overpay relative to the fair value of such assets, and this could result in losses, reduce our profitability and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We may also implement new lines of business or offer new products and services within our existing lines of business. There are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts, particularly in instances where such markets are not fully developed. In developing and marketing new lines of business and new products or services, we may invest significant time and resources, our timetables for the introduction and development of new lines of business and new products or services may not be achieved, and their expected price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business and new products or services could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

**_36. A reduction in our credit ratings could materially increase the cost of our funding from, and restrict our access to, the capital markets._** 

We are currently rated AAA and A1+ by both CRISIL and ICRA. Our ratings are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength, as well as factors that may not be within our control, such as macroeconomic conditions and the rating agencies’ perception of the industries in which we operate and the products we offer. These ratings also reflect the various methodologies and assumptions used by the rating agencies, which are subject to change and could adversely affect our ratings. A downgrade in our credit ratings (or investor concerns that a downgrade may occur) could materially increase the cost of our funding from, and restrict our access to, the capital markets. 

**_37. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and will continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with our shareholders._** 

We have in the past entered into related party transactions and will continue to do so in the future. For details, please see “ **_Financial Statements –  Notes to Related Party Transactions_** ” on page 288. Please also see “ — **_We derive substantial benefits from our existing relationship with our Promoter, and a loss or reduction in the level of support we receive from our Promoter could adversely affect us._** _”_ on page 29. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis and contain commercially reasonable terms, we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. It is likely that we will enter into related party transactions in the future, and such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. Although all related party transactions that we may enter into will be subject to the Audit Committee or board of directors’ or shareholders’ approval, as necessary 

46 

under the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations, we cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations or that we could not have achieved more favourable terms if such transactions had not been entered into with related parties. We cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our minority shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# **_38. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon applicable RBI regulations and our future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements and capital expenditures._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by the board of directors and approved by the shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the articles of association and applicable law, including the Companies Act, 2013. For example, RBI regulations require NBFCs, including us, to create a reserve fund which must contain a sum not less than 20% of their net profit every year, which could impact our ability to distribute dividends in the future. There can be no assurance that we will generate sufficient income to cover our operating expenses, meet regulatory obligations and pay dividends to our shareholders in a satisfactory amount or at all. For details on **—** our dividend policy and history of dividend payments, see “ **_Dividend Policy_** ” on page 202 and “ **_We are subject to certain restrictive covenants in our financing instruments that restrict, among other things, our ability to declare dividends and pledge assets as collateral_** _._ ” on page 45. 

Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on factors that our board of directors deems relevant, including our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. In addition, dividends distributed by us will be subject to dividend distribution taxes. Accordingly, realization of a gain on shareholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate. 

**_39. Increasing regulatory focus on personal information protection could impact our business and expose us to increased liability._** 

Regulators in various jurisdictions are increasingly scrutinizing how companies collect, process, use, store, share and transmit personal data. This increased scrutiny may result in new interpretations of existing laws, thereby further impacting our business. Recent regulations, such as the General Data Protection Regulation (“ **GDPR** ”), which went into effect in the European Union (“ **EU** ”) on May 25, 2018, applies to the collection, use, retention, security, processing, and transfer of personally identifiable information of residents of EU countries. In India, the Supreme Court, in a judgment delivered on August 24, 2017, has held that the right to privacy is a fundamental right. Following this judgment, the Government of India is considering enactment of Personal Data Protection Bill, 2018 (“ **Data Protection Bill** ”) for implementing organizational and technical measures in processing personal data and lays down norms for cross-border transfer of personal data and to ensure the accountability of entities processing personal data. The enactment of this Bill may introduce stricter data protection norms for a company such as us and may impact our processes. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with any applicable regulatory requirements, including but not limited to privacy, data protection, information security, or consumer protection-related privacy laws and regulations, could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or individuals, subject us to fines, penalties, and/or judgments, or otherwise adversely affect our business, as our reputation could be negatively impacted. In addition, and attributable to some degree to the increased regulatory focus on personal information protection, certain of our agreements with licensee partners contain data privacy protection requirements, the breach of which may negatively affect the arrangements we have with such licensee partners. 

**_40. We have had negative cash flow from operating activities in the past and we expect to continue experiencing negative cash flows in the future._** 

||**Y**|**ear ended March**|**31,**|**Six months ended September**<br>**30,**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2017**|**2018**|**2019**|**2018**<br>**2019**|
||||**(**₹**in million)**||
|Cash<br>flow|(22,348.80)|(28,770.89)|(23,649.43)|(9,894.37)<br>(37,696.90)|
|from<br>operating|||||



47 

||**Y**<br>|**ear ended March**<br>|**31,**<br>|**Six months en**<br>**3**<br>|**ded September**<br>**0,**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2017**|**2018**|**2019**|**2018**|**2019**|
||||**(**₹**in million)**|||
|activities||||||
|Cash<br>flow<br>from<br>investing<br>activities|(8.45)|(314.85)|(723.90)|(215.88)|(279.73)|
|Cash<br>flow<br>from<br>financing<br>activities|22.442.30|29,349.00|27,414.33|11,807.48|35,136.14|



For further details, see “ **_Financial Statements – Restated Statement of Cashflows_** ” and “ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_** ” on pages 210 and 324, respectively. 

**_41. Non-compliance with regulatory observations made during periodic inspections could expose us to penalties and restrictions which could have a material and adverse effect on us._** 

We are subject to periodic inspection by regulatory authorities, including the RBI and IRDAI. Such inspections include review of our books of accounts and other records for the purpose of verifying the correctness or completeness of any statement, information or particulars furnished to regulators. We cannot assure you that the such inspections will not result in negative findings or observations by regulatory authorities in the future or that we will be able to respond to all such queries in a satisfactory manner. In the event we are unable to satisfactorily address regulatory observations or are unable to comply with any specified regulatory requirements for any reason, we may be subject to monetary sanctions and may also be restricted in our ability to conduct our business. Any such outcome would have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and reputation. 

# **_42. We may be impacted due to seasonality._** 

Typically, there is an increase in spending on our credit cards during holiday and festival seasons in India. During the same periods, availability of outsourced sales manpower is lower and may impact the sourcing of new accounts. We also run promotional offers during holiday and festival seasons to promote usage of our credit cards, as a result of which we may experience higher spends and receivables during such holiday and festival seasons. This seasonality can be expected to cause quarterly or yearly fluctuations in our spends, new accounts sourcing, revenue, profit margins and net earnings. 

# **_43. One of our group companies is involved in SEBI proceedings in relation to certain non-compliances under securities related laws._** 

One of our group companies, SBI Funds Management Private Limited (“ **SBI Funds** ”) is involved in proceedings initiated against it by SEBI. The proceedings have been initiated pursuant to investigation by SEBI for alleged violations by SBI Funds of SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 1992 and the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015. While, SEBI had issued show-cause notices, which have been responded to by SBI Funds, no orders have yet been passed by SEBI in relation to such show–cause notices. 

# **_44. We have issued Equity Shares during the preceding one year at a price that may be below the Offer Price._** 

In the 12 months preceding the filing of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, we have issued Equity Shares at a price that may be lower than the Offer Price. The price at which Equity Shares have been issued by us in the preceding one year is not indicative of the price at which they will be issued or traded. For more information, see “ **_Capital Structure – Notes to Capital Structure – Issue of Equity Shares at a price lower than the Offer Price in the last year_** ” on page 78. 

**_45. Our management has discretion in how it may use the proceeds of the Offer and it may use them in ways you may not agree with._** 

Our use of the proceeds of the Offer is at our management’s discretion. As described in the section entitled _“_ **_Objects of the Offer_** _”_ on page 89, we intend to use the Net Proceeds of the Offer to augment our capital base to meet our future capital requirements. We have not entered into any definitive agreements and do not have any 

48 

definite and specific commitments towards the aforementioned purposes for which we intend to use the Net Proceeds of the Offer. The planned use of the Net Proceeds of the Offer is based on current conditions and is subject to change in light of changes in external circumstances, costs, other financial conditions or business strategies. Our management will have broad discretion in how it applies the proceeds and there is no assurance that it will use the proceeds of the Issue in ways with which you agree. 

# **_46. The trading in our NCDs may be limited or sporadic, which may affect our ability to raise debt financing in future._** 

Our NCDs are listed on the debt segment of the BSE. Trading in our NCDs has been limited and we cannot assure you that the NCDs will be frequently traded on the BSE or that there would be any market for the NCDs. Further, we cannot predict if and to what extent a secondary market may develop for the NCDs or at what price the NCDs will trade in the secondary market or whether such market will be liquid or illiquid. 

# **_47. Our Company may not be able to obtain regulatory approvals required for any progressive changes in its paid-up equity share capital._** 

Under the Master Directions, we would be required to obtain prior RBI approval for any future change in our shareholding pattern, including, for example, acquisitions or transfers in excess 26% of our paid-up equity capital and any changes in our management structure exceeding 30% of our directors (excluding independent directors). For further details, see “ **_Government and Other Approvals_** ” and “ **_Key Regulations and Policies in India_** ” on pages 374 and 152 respectively.In terms of the RBI Letter dated September 19, 1998, our Promoter is required to obtain prior permission of the RBI for _inter-alia_ , any further equity contribution by our Promoter to the Company and transferring or otherwise dealing in any manner with its shareholding in the Company. There can be no assurance that we will receive such approvals from the RBI for any changes in our shareholding pattern in the future or our Promoter will receive approvals for, inter-alia, making any further equity contribution to the Company or transferring or otherwise dealing in any manner with its shareholding in the Company. A failure to obtain these approvals could hamper certain of our decision-making processes and could result in sudden or unexpected changes in our corporate policy and strategic direction, may impact the ability of our Promoter to participate in future issuances of securities by us and could significantly impact our business model and adversely affect us. 

# **_48. We have not been able to obtain certain records of the educational qualifications of a Director and have relied on declarations and undertakings furnished by such Director for details of his profile included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus._** 

Our director, Dinesh Kumar Mehrotra (Independent Director), has been unable to trace copies of documents pertaining to his educational qualifications. Accordingly, reliance has been placed on declarations, undertakings and affidavits furnished by such director to us and the BRLMs to disclose details of their educational qualifications in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. We and the BRLMs have been unable to independently verify these details prior to inclusion in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Further, there can be no assurances that our Director will be able to trace the relevant documents pertaining to his qualifications in future, or at all. 

# **EXTERNAL RISKS** 

## **Risks Relating to India** 

# **_49. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market countries in Asia. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. The occurrence of any financial disruptions may have an adverse effect on our cost of funding, credit card receivables portfolio, business, future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

Developments in the Eurozone, recessionary economic conditions as well as concerns related to the impact of tightening monetary policy in the United States and a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets. For example, following a national referendum in which a narrow majority of voters in the United Kingdom elected to withdraw from the European Union, the government of the United Kingdom formally initiated the process for withdrawal in March 2017. The terms of any withdrawal 

49 

are subject to a complex and ongoing negotiation between the United Kingdom and the European Union whose result and timing remain unclear and which has created significant political and economic uncertainty about the future trading relationship between the United Kingdom and the European Union in the event of a withdrawal, particularly in light of the possibility that an immediate, so-called “no deal” withdrawal could occur without a negotiated agreement. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

Any significant financial disruption in the future could have an adverse effect on our cost of funding, credit card receivables portfolio, business, future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. Adverse economic developments overseas in countries where we have operations could have a material adverse impact on us and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_50. Financial difficulty and other problems in certain financial institutions in India could materially adversely affect our business and the price of our Equity Shares._** 

We are exposed to the risks of the Indian financial system. The financial difficulties faced by certain Indian financial institutions could materially adversely affect our business because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships. Such “systemic risk”, may materially adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, banks, securities firms and exchanges with which we interact on a daily basis. Any such difficulties or instability of the Indian financial system in general could create an adverse market perception about Indian financial institutions and banks and materially adversely affect our business. For instance, towards the end of 2018, defaults in debt repayments by a large NBFC in India, Infrastructure Leasing & Financial Services Limited, which had a significant shareholding from government-owned institutions, led to heightened investor focus around the health of the broader NBFC sector as well as their sources of liquidity. This has led to some tightening in liquidity available to certain NBFCs and, as a result, it has become more difficult for certain NBFCs to renew loans and raise capital in recent times. If any event of similar nature or magnitude affecting the market sentiment surrounding the sector occurs again in the future, it may result in increased borrowing costs and difficulties in accessing costeffective debt for us. Our cost of borrowings is sensitive to interest rate fluctuations which exposes us to the risk of reduction in spreads (which is the difference between our finance cost and the interest income that we earn on our loans and investments), on account of volatility in interest rates. In addition, our transactions with these financial institutions expose us to various risks in the event of default by a counterparty, which can impact us negatively during periods of market illiquidity. 

# **_51. A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating is Baa2 with a “stable” outlook (Moody’s), BBB-with a “stable” outlook (S&P) and BBBwith a “stable” outlook (Fitch). Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available , including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

# **_52. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal  uncertainties, including adverse application of tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. For example, the Government of India implemented a comprehensive national goods and services tax (“GST”) regime with effect from July 1, 2017 that combines multiple taxes and levies by the Central and State Governments into a unified tax structure. Further, we are registered as a “telemarketer” under the Telecom Commercial Communication Customer Preference Regulations, 2018 (the “ **Telecom Regulations 2018** ”), which is a relatively recent regulatory scheme that is still untested and subject to certain legal uncertainties, and we may be subject to penalties if our interpretation of the Telecom Regulations 2018 is inconsistent with that followed by the relevant authorities. 

50 

Unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

**_53. Natural calamities, terrorist attacks, civil disturbances, outbreaks of contagious diseases, power outages and other disruptions could have a negative impact on the Indian economy and could cause our business to suffer and the trading price of the Equity Shares to decrease._** 

India has experienced natural calamities such as earthquakes, floods and drought in the recent past. The extent and severity of these natural disasters determine their impact on the Indian economy. For example, in fiscals 2015 and 2016, many parts of India received significantly less than normal rainfall, which significantly impacted the performance of the agricultural sector. An erratic monsoon season could also adversely affect sowing operations for certain crops and result in a decline in the growth rate of the agricultural sector. Prolonged spells of belownormal rainfall in the country or other natural calamities could have a negative impact on the Indian economy, adversely affecting our business and potentially causing the trading price of the Equity Shares to decrease. 

India has from time to time experienced instances of social, religious and civil unrest and hostilities between neighboring countries. Military activity or terrorist attacks in the future could influence the Indian economy by disrupting communications and making travel more difficult and such political tensions could create a greater perception that investments in Indian companies involve higher degrees of risk. Events of this nature in the future, as well as social and civil unrest within other countries in Asia, could influence the Indian economy and could have a material adverse effect on the market for securities of Indian companies, including the Equity Shares. 

A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine. Certain countries in Southeast Asia have reported cases of bird-to-human transmission of avian and swine influenza, resulting in numerous human deaths. The World Health Organization and other agencies have issued warnings on a potential avian or swine influenza pandemic if there is sustained human-to-human transmission. Future outbreaks of avian or swine influenza or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region. As a result, any present or future outbreak of avian or swine influenza or other contagious disease could have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **Risks Relating to the Offer and Investments in Our Equity Shares** 

**_54. An investment in the Equity Shares is subject to general risks related to investments in Indian companies._** 

We are incorporated in India and all of our assets and employees are located in India. Consequently, our business, results of operations, financial condition and the market price of the Equity Shares will be affected by changes in interest rates in India, policies of the Government of India, including taxation policies along with policies relating to industry, political, social and economic developments affecting India. 

**_55. The trading volume and market price of the Equity Shares may be volatile following the Offer and could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares._** 

The market price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate as a result of, among other things, the following factors, some of which are beyond our control: 

- quarterly variations in our results of operations; 

- results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

- results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

- changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research 

51 

analysts and investors; 

- 

   - conditions in financial markets, including those outside India; 

- 

   - a change in research analysts’ recommendations; 

- announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments; 

- announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

- new laws and governmental regulations applicable to our industry; 

- 

   - additions or departures of key management personnel; 

- changes in exchange rates; 

- fluctuations in stock market prices and volume; and 

- general economic and stock market conditions. 

Changes in relation to any of the factors listed above could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_56. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, IFRS and U.S. GAAP, which may be material to investors’ assessment of our financial condition._** 

Our Restated Financial Statements included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus have been prepared under Ind AS notified under the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 read with Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 to the extent applicable. For further details, see “ **_Financial Statements_** ”, beginning on page 203. 

Except as otherwise provided in the **“** **_Financial Statements_ ”** beginning on page 203, with respect to Indian GAAP, no attempt has been made to reconcile any of the information given in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus to any other principles or to base the information on any other standards. Ind AS differs from other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar, such as Indian GAAP, IFRS and U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, the degree to which the financial statements included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Ind AS. Persons not familiar with Ind AS should limit their reliance on the financial disclosures presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. In addition, our Restated Financial Statements may be subject to change if new or amended Ind AS accounting standards are issued in the future or if we revise our elections or selected exemptions in respect of the relevant regulations for the implementation of Ind AS. 

# **_57. Our Restated Financial Statements may not be comparable to the financial information of our main competitors._** 

Our Restated Financial Statements included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus have been prepared in accordance with Ind AS. Under the applicable Indian regulations, Ind AS is still not applicable to scheduled commercial banks, some of which are our primary competitors, and prepare their financial statements in accordance with Indian GAAP. Ind AS differs in many respects from Indian GAAP. The key areas of difference between Indian GAAP and Ind AS as it applies to us include accounting of financial instruments, accounting for revenue recognition, accounting for leasing etc. Our Restated Financial Statements therefore may not be comparable in certain material respects to the financial statements of our primary competitors. 

# **_58. Any future issuance of our Equity Shares may dilute prospective investors’ shareholding, and sales of our Equity Shares by our major shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in us. Upon completion of the Offer, our major shareholders will continue to own an aggregate of [●]% of our Equity Shares. Any future issuances of Equity Shares (including under our ESOS Scheme) or the disposal of Equity Shares by our major shareholders or the perception that such issuance or sales may occur, may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through 

52 

offering of the Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that the shareholders will not dispose of the Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of your investment in the Equity Shares. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of the Equity Shares. 

**_59. Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment limits prescribed under Indian laws that may limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may have a material adverse impact on the market price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions) if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then the prior approval of the RBI will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert the Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no objection or a tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other government agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. 

# **_60. Our ability to raise foreign funds may be constrained by Indian law._** 

As an Indian NBFC ND-SI, we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies. Such regulatory restrictions could constrain our ability to obtain financings on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, there can be no assurance that any required regulatory approvals for borrowing in foreign currencies will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. Limitations on foreign debt may have an adverse effect on our business growth, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_61. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the bid amount) at any stage after submitting a bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their bids after bid/offer closing date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to block the bid amount on submission of the bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their bids (in terms of quantity of equity shares or the bid amount) at any stage after submitting a bid. Similarly, Retail Individual Investors can revise or withdraw their bids at any time during the bid/offer period and until the bid/offer closing date, but not thereafter. Therefore, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors will not be able to withdraw or lower their bids following adverse developments in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or otherwise at any stage after the submission of their bids. 

**_62. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such preemptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for your benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of any such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of our Equity Shares, your proportional equity interests in us may be reduced. 

**_63. Statistical and industry data in this document are subject to various assumptions and we cannot assure you that such assumptions are correct or will not change._** 

The information in the sections entitled “ **_Industry Overview_** ”, “ **_Our Business_** ” and “ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_** ” beginning on pages 99, 127 and 324 respectively, of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus includes information that is derived from CRISIL’s report titled “ _Analysis of credit cards industry in India_ ” (the “ **CRISIL Report** ”). We commissioned this report for the purpose 

53 

of confirming our understanding of the Indian credit card industry in connection with the Offer. Neither us, the Book Running Lead Managers nor any person related to this Offer have independently verified data obtained from the CRISIL Report or any other industry publications or industry sources referred to in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and therefore, while we believe such data to be true, we cannot assure you that such data is complete or reliable. CRISIL has advised that while it has taken due care and caution in preparing the CRISIL Report based on information obtained from sources which it considers reliable, but it does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the CRISIL Report or the data therein and is not responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of the CRISIL Report or the data therein. The CRISIL Report highlights certain industry and market data relating to us and our competitors. Such data is subject to many assumptions. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which we conduct our business, and methodologies and assumptions may vary widely among different industry sources. Further, such assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that CRISIL’s assumptions are correct or will not change and accordingly our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the CRISIL Report is not a recommendation to invest or disinvest in us or any company covered in the CRISIL Report. CRISIL has stated that it is not responsible for any loss or damage arising from the use of the CRISIL Report. Prospective investors are advised not to unduly rely on the CRISIL Report when making their investment decision. For further details, see “ **_Industry Overview_** ” on page 99. 

# **_64. Rights of shareholders under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders' rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

# **_65. Investors may have difficulty enforcing foreign judgments in India against us or our management._** 

We were constituted under the Companies Act, 1956 and are an existing company within the meaning of the Companies Act, 2013. Substantially all of our directors and executive officers and some of the experts named herein are residents of India and a substantial portion of our assets and such persons are located in India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process on us or such persons in jurisdictions outside of India, or to enforce against them judgments obtained in courts outside of India predicated upon civil liabilities on us or such directors and executive officers under laws other than Indian Law. 

India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, such as the United Kingdom; however, no reciprocity has been established with the United States. In order to be enforceable, a judgment from a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Indian Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (the “ **Civil Code** ”). The Civil Code only permits the enforcement and execution of monetary decrees in the reciprocating jurisdiction, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. However, the party in whose favor such final judgment is rendered may bring a fresh suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in a non-reciprocating territory within three years of obtaining such final judgment. Generally, there are considerable delays in the disposal of suits by Indian courts. 

It is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were to be brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if that court was of the view that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. A party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval from the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered. Any judgment in a foreign currency would be converted into Indian Rupees on the date of the judgment and not on the date of the payment. We cannot predict whether a suit brought in an Indian court will be disposed of in a timely manner or be subject to considerable delays. 

**_66. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

54 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares cannot be ensured. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in the Stock Exchanges, securities markets in other jurisdictions and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. Further, the BRLMs have previously handled issues wherein the market price of the issued shares declined below the issue price of shares in such issues within 30 days of their listing and in certain cases continued to trade at a price lower than their listing price on the 180<sup>th</sup> day from their listing. We cannot, therefore, assure you that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

# **_67. You may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of our Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares on a stock exchange held for more than 12 months will be subject to long term capital gains in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as whether the sale is undertaken on or off the stock exchanges, the quantum of gains and any available treaty exemption. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

# **_68. The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

# **_69. There is a substantial risk that the Company is and will be a passive foreign investment company._** 

<mark>The Company will be a passive foreign investment company (a ‘‘PFIC’’) for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year in which (i) 75% or more of its gross income consists of passive income or (ii) 50% or more of the average quarterly value of its assets consists of assets that produce, or are held for the production of, passive income. Passive income generally includes interest, dividends, royalties and gains from transactions in commodities, and rents. The application of the PFIC rules in our circumstances is not clear. For the purposes of this determination, interest income (which for this purpose includes interchange fees and may include certain other fees) is generally considered “passive income.” Under recently proposed U.S. Treasury regulations, certain interest income may be excluded under special rules governing income derived in the active conduct of a financing trade or business. However, it is not clear how such special rules would apply in our case because a large</mark> 

55 

<mark>proportion of our workforce is classified as independent contractors, although we also employ several thousand employees to conduct substantially all our activities. In addition, it is not clear what fraction of our income from fees and services would be treated as passive. The PFIC determination is a factual determination that must be made annually after the close of each taxable year. The Company will be a PFIC for each year in which a sufficient amount of such income and the proportion of assets from which it is derived are treated as passive. Although we believe we are engaged in an active conduct of a financing trade or business, and several arguments support the conclusion that we can benefit from the special rules applicable to income derived from such active conduct, we have not conducted the analysis necessary to determine our PFIC status and do not intend to do so in future. Because the application of the law to the Company is unclear and the composition of the Company's income and assets is not clear, there is a substantial risk that the Company will be a PFIC for the current taxable year and/or in the foreseeable future. If the Company is a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. investor holds the Company’s stock, such U.S. investor generally will be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences, including increased tax liability on gains from dispositions of Shares and certain excess distributions, and a requirement to file annual reports with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. Prospective U.S. investors are urged to consult their tax advisers regarding the Company’s PFIC status for any taxable year and the tax consequences to them in the case that the Company is a PFIC.</mark> 

56 

