# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in the Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry, segments and markets in which we currently operate or propose to operate. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial, actually occur, our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. To obtain a complete understanding of our Company, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview” and “Management’s Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 148, 97 and 314 respectively, as well as the financial, operational, statistical and other information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision_ , _prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares._ 

_The term “Source: JLL Report” appearing in this section refers to a report titled “Real Estate Industry Report in Bengaluru, Chennai, Kolkata, Vishakhapatnam and Coimbatore, India” dated November 2021, prepared by JLL and exclusively commissioned and paid for by our Company in connection with the Offer._ 

_To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section, such as those relating to levels of consolidated indebtedness and our ability to comply with the covenants contained in the agreements that govern our indebtedness. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries. This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For details, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 18._ 

_Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section. Unless the context requires otherwise, the financial information of our Company has been derived from the Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Summary of Financial Information” on page 50._ 

# **Internal Risk Factors** 

# **_Risks Relating to our Business_** 

**1.** **_Our business and profitability is significantly dependent on the performance of the real estate market in India, generally, and particularly in South India. Fluctuations in market conditions may affect our ability to sell our projects at expected prices, which may adversely affect our revenues and earnings_** _._ 

We believe that the success of our projects depends on the general economic, demographic and political conditions in India, as well as the performance of the real estate market generally in India, and particularly in South India, where majority of our projects are located. In addition, the condition of the real estate sector in India, particularly market prices for developable land and finished units and projects, has a significant impact on our revenues and results of operations. The real estate market may particularly be adversely impacted due to lack of housing finance for potential or existing customers. 

The real estate market may be affected by various factors outside our control, such as prevailing local and economic conditions, changes in the supply and demand for properties comparable to those we develop, lack of financing for real estate projects, change in demographic trends, employment and income levels, rising interest rates, changes in the applicable governmental regulations, decrease in or restrictions on foreign currency remittances, regional natural disasters, pandemics such as coronavirus disease (“ **COVID-19** ”) performance of key industrial sectors, or the public perception that any of these events may occur. These factors may contribute to fluctuations in real estate prices, rate of sales and the availability of land and can adversely affect the demand for, and pricing of, our Completed Projects (unsold), Ongoing Projects, Projects under Development and Forthcoming Projects, as well as adversely affect the value of our land reserves, and, as a result, may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows. Our business may also be adversely affected by regulatory developments in the sector, including the interpretation and implementation of RERA. Any such risk may be further exacerbated by the illiquid nature of real estate investments generally. 

**2.** **_The extent to which COVID-19 disease may affect our business and operations in the future is uncertain and cannot be predicted_** 

COVID-19 spread to a majority of countries across the world, including India, in the calendar year 2020 and 2021. The World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 to be a public health emergency of international concern 

20 

on January 30, 2020, and a global pandemic on March 11, 2020. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have significant repercussions across local, national and global economies and financial and real estate markets. Public health officials and governmental authorities have responded by taking measures, including in regions where the Completed Projects (unsold), Ongoing Projects, Projects under Development and Forthcoming Projects are located, such as prohibiting people from assembling in large numbers, instituting quarantines, restricting travel, issuing “stay-at-home” orders and restricting the types of businesses that may continue to operate from their premises, among others. 

On March 14, 2020, India declared COVID-19 as a “notified disaster” and imposed a nationwide lockdown from March 25, 2020 onwards. The lockdown lasted until May 31, 2020, and has been extended periodically by varying degrees by state governments and local administrations. For the three-month period ended June 30, 2020, India's GDP contracted by 23.9% compared to the corresponding quarter in the previous year, primarily on account of the nationwide lockdown imposed by the Government to curb the spread of COVID-19 (according to the Department of Economic Affairs of India). For the three months ended September 30, 2020, India's GDP contracted by 7.5% (according to the Department of Economic Affairs of India). The lifting of the lockdown across various regions was regulated with limited and progressive relaxations being granted for movement of goods and people in other places and calibrated re-opening of businesses and offices. 

From April 2021 to June 2021, due to a “second wave” of increases in the number of daily COVID-19 cases, several state governments in India re-imposed lockdowns, curfews and other restrictions to curb the spread of the virus. This “second wave” of the COVID-19 pandemic in India and its associated lockdowns affected us in terms of lower sales, collections and construction activity than originally anticipated. Further, the lockdown led to postponement of scheduled launches. We have monitored and are monitoring the situation closely and are operating our activities with the required workforce as permitted by governmental authorities. As a result of the detection of new mutated strains and subsequent waves of COVID-19 infections in several states in India as well as throughout various parts of the world, it is anticipated that we may be subject to further reinstatements of lockdown protocols or other restrictions, which may adversely affect our business and operations. 

Despite the lifting of the lockdown, there is significant uncertainty regarding the duration and long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as possible future responses by the Government of India, which makes it impossible for us to predict with certainty the impact that COVID-19 will have on our business and operations in the future. We may be subject to one or more lockdowns in the future on account of COVID-19 as well. The COVID-19 pandemic may affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, in the future, in a number of ways such as: 

- it may result in delays in the completion of construction of properties on account of the lockdown and work stoppages, disruption in the supply of materials or availability of labour, such delays may also result in an increase in the cost of construction. For example, there have been delays in obtaining government approvals for our DM project, Suvilas (II) ( _now known as Shriram Suvilas Palms_ ); 

- it may affect the ability of our customers to visit our sales offices and undertake in-person discussions on their financial ability to afford our projects, which may adversely affect our business, 

- it may affect our ability to access capital on commercially acceptable terms, or at all, and any further disruption or instability in global financial markets or deterioration in credit and financing conditions or downgrade of India’s credit rating may affect our access to capital and other sources of funding necessary to fund our operations or address maturing liabilities on a timely basis; 

- 

   - it may affect our ability to execute our growth strategies and identify and complete acquisitions; 

- it may increase vulnerability to cyber-security threats and potential breaches, including phishing attacks, malware and impersonation tactics, resulting from the increase in numbers of individuals working from home; 

- the potential negative impact on the health of our personnel, particularly if a significant number of them are affected by COVID-19, could result in a deterioration in our ability to ensure business continuity during this disruption; and 

- it could adversely impact our ability to service our debt obligations, comply with the covenants in our financing agreements and could result in events of default; we have availed moratorium granted by the RBI on account of disruptions due to COVID-19 for a period up to six months (i.e. March to August 2020) from six lenders to whom we owe an amount of ₹4,326.45 million, as of September 30, 2021, which amounted to 62.24% of our aggregate outstanding borrowings on a consolidated basis as of September 30, 2021. 

We experienced an increase in customer cancellations due to COVID-19. Further, our sales volumes and gross collections from our residential projects declined from 3.25 msf and ₹11,826.00 million for the financial year 2020 to 3.00 msf and ₹9,393.63 million for the financial year 2021, and was 1.56 msf and ₹5,776.63 million for the six months ended September 30, 2021, respectively. There were no sales volumes and gross collections from commercial projects for the financial year 2021. 

21 

Our Statutory Auditor has included an emphasis of matter in their reports on our Ind AS consolidated financial statements for financial years 2020 and 2021, in relation to possible consequential implications on our operations on account of COVID-19, which did not give rise to modifications. We cannot assure you that our Statutory Auditor’s observations for any future fiscal period will not contain a similar emphasis of matter in the report on our financial statements and that such matter will not otherwise affect our results of operations. 

The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency, impacts our business, financial condition and results of operations is uncertain. Such effects will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including the scope, severity, and duration of the pandemic; actions taken by governments, businesses and individuals in response to the pandemic; the effect on customer demand for our projects; the impact on our capital expenditure; disruptions or restrictions on our employees’, joint venture partners’ and third party contractors’ ability to work, operate and travel as well as their business continuity plans; and any extended period of remote work arrangements. While we do not expect significant further reductions in customer demand for our projects, we continue to closely monitor developments relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and the effects they have on future economic conditions and on our business and operations closely. Any intensification of the COVID-19 pandemic or any future outbreak of another highly infectious or contagious disease may materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Further, our insurance policies may not provide adequate coverage in circumstances such as the COVID-19 pandemic. The continuation or intensification of the COVID-19 pandemic or any future outbreak of another highly infectious or contagious disease may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, COVID-19 may also have the effect of exacerbating many of the other risks described in this “ _Risk Factors”_ section. For further details, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Factors Affecting Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Significant Factors affecting our Results of Operations and Financial Condition – COVID-19 Pandemic_ ” and “ _Industry Overview”_ on pages 317 and 97, respectively. 

**3.** **_Our real estate development activities are geographically concentrated in key cities in South India. Consequently, we are exposed to risks from economic, regulatory and other changes as well as natural disasters in South India, which in turn may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

Our real estate development activities are geographically concentrated in the cities of Bengaluru, Chennai, Vishakhapatnam and Coimbatore, which are located in South India. As of September 30, 2021, 24 Ongoing Projects, four Projects under Development and four Forthcoming Projects, representing 77.91% of estimated Saleable Area for our Ongoing Projects, Projects under Development and Forthcoming Projects, are located in South India. Within South India, as of September 30, 2021, 63.72%, 22.46%, 12.24% and 1.58% of our total estimated Saleable Area for our Ongoing Projects, Projects under Development and Forthcoming Projects, is located in Bengaluru, Chennai, Vishakhapatnam and Coimbatore, respectively. We cannot assure you that the demand for our projects in key cities where we are present, such as Bengaluru, Chennai, Vishakhapatnam, Coimbatore and Kolkata will grow, or will not decrease, in the future. Consequently, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition have been and will continue to be heavily dependent on the performance of the real estate market in South India. For details of our projects, see “ _Our Business_ ” on page 148 _._ 

**4.** **_One of our independent Directors, K.G. Krishnamurthy is a director on the board of companies engaged in a line of business similar to that of ours. Any conflict of interest which may occur as a result could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition._** 

One of our independent Directors, K.G. Krishnamurthy is a director on the board of companies such as Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited, Vascon Engineers Limited, Purvankara Limited and Indiabulls Real Estate Limited which are engaged in a line of business similar to that of ours. We will endeavour to take adequate steps to address any conflict of interest by adopting the necessary procedures and practices as permitted by applicable law, to address any conflict which may arise in the future. We cannot assure you that we will be able to suitably resolve any such conflict without an adverse effect on our business or operations. 

**5.** **_We have a significant amount of debt, which could affect our ability to obtain future financing or pursue our growth strategy._** 

As of September 30, 2021, we had total outstanding borrowings of ₹ 6,950.96 million. Our indebtedness could have important consequences and significant adverse effects on our business, including the following: 

- our ability to satisfy our obligations under our financing agreements may be limited; 

- our vulnerability to adverse general economic and industry conditions may be increased; 

- we must use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to pay interest on and periodically repay our indebtedness, which will reduce the funds available to us for operations, pursuing our growth strategy and other general corporate purposes; 

22 

- our high level of indebtedness could limit our ability to borrow additional funds and increase the cost of additional financing; 

- our high level of indebtedness could place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that may have lesser debt; and 

- our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate may be limited. 

We may not be successful in obtaining additional funds in a timely manner, on favorable terms or at all. Further, increased interest rates, lack of availability of cost effective funds, and our inability to refinance our existing indebtedness, if required, may result in an increase in our cost of indebtedness. If we do not have access to these funds, we may be required to delay or abandon some or all of our Projects under Development and Forthcoming Projects or to reduce planned expenditures and advances to obtain land development rights and reduce the scale of our operations. 

Further, our lenders also have the ability to recall or accelerate all or part of the amounts owed by us in certain events, subject to the terms of the financing arrangement. Such recalls may be contingent on happening of an event beyond our control and we cannot assure you that we will be able to persuade our lenders to give us extensions or to refrain from exercising such recalls. We cannot assure you that we will be able to repay our loans in full, or at all, at the receipt of a recall or acceleration notice, or otherwise. Our inability to comply with the conditions prescribed under the financing arrangements, or repay the loans as per the repayment schedule, may have an adverse impact on our credit rating, business operations and future financial performance. Further, if we are unable to service our existing debt, our ability to raise debt in the future maybe adversely affected, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **6.** **_Our Company and some of our Subsidiaries have unsecured loans that may be recalled by the lenders at any time._** 

Our Company and some of our Subsidiaries have currently availed unsecured loans which may be recalled by the lenders at any time. As of September 30, 2021, the unsecured loans of our Company and its subsidiaries (subsidiaries as defined in our Restated Financial Statements) that may be recalled at any time by the lenders aggregated to ₹ 763.67 million, which constituted approximately 10.99% of the total indebtedness of the Company and its subsidiaries. For further details, see “ _Financial Statements – Annexure VI – Notes to Restated Financial Statements – Note 7. Loans_ ” on page 259. In the event that any lender seeks a repayment of any such loan, we would need to find alternative sources of financing, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. We may not have adequate working capital to undertake new projects or complete the Ongoing Projects, and, as a result, any such demand by the lenders may affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. For details in relation to the indebtedness of our Company and our Subsidiaries, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 347. For further details, see “ _Financial Statements – Annexure VI – Notes to Restated Financial Statements – Note 19. Borrowings_ ” on page 263. Any such recall may adversely affect our financial condition. 

# **7.** **_We have provided corporate guarantees in relation to loans obtained by our Subsidiaries and Joint Venture and any default by such Subsidiaries or Joint Venture may result in invocation of the corporate guarantee._** 

For certain financial arrangements entered into by our Subsidiaries and Joint Venture, our Company has provided corporate guarantee as security in relation to such borrowings. As of September 30, 2021, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of indebtedness of subsidiaries and joint ventures where we provided guarantees of repayment of indebtedness, was ₹ 7,277.77 million. Any default by Subsidiaries or Joint Venture in meeting their obligations under their respecting borrowings may result in the invocation of the corporate guarantee against us. We may accordingly be required to undertake the obligations of the defaulting Subsidiary or Joint Venture in relation to the relevant loan or financial facility. Such an event may adversely affect our financial condition and cash flows. 

# **8.** **_Our financing agreements impose certain restrictions on our operations, and our failure to comply with operational and financial covenants may adversely affect our reputation, business and financial condition._** 

Certain of our financing arrangements impose restrictions on the utilization of the loan for certain specified purposes only, such as for the purposes of meeting expenses for development and related activities. We are required to obtain prior consent from some of our lenders for, among other matters, amending our articles of association, altering our capital structure and shareholding pattern, changing the composition of our management or Board of Directors or our management set-up, undertaking mergers or amalgamations, changing our constitution, making certain categories of investments, declaring dividends, making certain payments (including payment of dividends, redemption of shares, prepayment of indebtedness, payment of interest on unsecured loans and investments), undertaking any scheme of expansion or diversification, effecting any change in the nature or scope of our projects or any change in the financing plan, creation of security interest in secured properties and raising further indebtedness. We may also be required to comply with financial covenants stipulated by our financing documents. For example, some of our financing arrangements require us to maintain certain specified cash flow covers, a stipulated minimum net-worth and periodic financial ratios. We cannot assure you that we will comply with all our covenants in the future, or that we can obtain necessary waivers for all non-compliances or remedy defaults in time or 

23 

at all. Further, a majority of our loans are secured by project properties, and any default in our loans may trigger the lenders enforcing such security. 

Further, any breach under our financing agreements could result in acceleration of our loan repayments or trigger a crossdefault under our other financing agreements. In some of our financing agreements, the lender may, at its discretion, terminate or cancel the facility with immediate effect if we default under any other material agreements with any other financing institution, adversely affecting our business and financial condition. Further, such defaults may adversely affect our credit rating and reduce our ability to raise debt or financing in the future. For further details, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 347. 

In addition, the cost and availability of capital, among other factors, depends on our credit rating. Our present credit rating is set forth below: 

|**Agency**||**Instrument**||**Rating**|**Outlook**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|CARE Ratings|Issuer Ratings||BBB+||Stable|



Our credit rating reflects, amongst other things, the rating agency’s opinion of our financial strength, operating performance, strategic position, and ability to meet our obligations. Our inability to obtain such credit rating in a timely manner or any non-availability of credit ratings, or poor ratings, or any downgrade in our ratings may increase borrowing costs and constrain our access to capital and lending markets and, as a result, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, non-availability of credit ratings could increase the possibility of additional terms and conditions being added to any new or replacement financing arrangements. 

**9.** **_Our Company has pledged equity shares of certain of our Subsidiaries, in favour of their respective lenders. In the event that such lenders exercise their rights under the respective share pledge agreements in the event of default and in accordance with the respective financing agreements, our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects may be adversely affected._** 

Our Company has pledged equity shares of certain Subsidiaries in favour of certain lenders to secure loan facilities availed by our Company and certain of our Subsidiaries. Following shares of our subsidiaries have been pledged: 

- 100% of the equity in SPL Estates in favour of Axis Trustees Limited; 

- 100% of the paid up equity share capital of our Subsidiary, Shriprop Projects in favour of Vistra ITCL (India) Limited; 

- 100% of the equity in Shriprop Developers in favour of ECL Finance Limited; and 

- in addition to the above, our Subsidiary, SPL Towers, has recently entered into a term loan arrangement with Tata Capital Housing Finance Limited, under which we entered into a pledge agreement to pledge all our shareholding in SPL Towers. 

Any default or breach under the financing agreements pursuant to which such securities have been pledged will entitle the lenders to enforce the pledge over such collateral and take ownership of the collateral and/or to sell the pledged equity shares to third parties. If these pledges are enforced, our shareholding and control in such Subsidiaries, may be reduced or divested completely, thereby adversely affecting our economic interest in such Subsidiaries and our ability to manage the affairs of these Subsidiaries. 

**10.** **_We have not acquired the entirety of the land required to develop certain of our Forthcoming Projects. In the event we are unable to acquire all the land required, we may not be able to develop these projects as planned, or at all._** 

We have not acquired the entirety of the land or rights required to develop our Forthcoming Projects, Chandapura and Kannur which in aggregate represent 7.64 million square feet or 16.35% of our total estimated Saleable Area, as of September 30, 2021. Further, for our projects such as Chandapura, Sambhavi and Kannur, we have not yet received change in land use orders for the entire land of the projects. In the event we are unable to acquire all the land or rights required (including change in land use orders), we may not be able to develop these projects in accordance with our plans, or at all. If this occurs, we may be required to incur additional cost or time to rework and change our development plans for these projects and our total estimated Saleable Area, as presented in this Red Herring Prospectus, may decrease. Further, we may be unable to change our development plans and these projects may become unviable, resulting in partial or complete loss of the costs incurred in acquiring the existing land for these projects, which may have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and prospects. 

**11.** **_Some or all of our Ongoing Projects, Projects under Development and Forthcoming Projects may be delayed or may not be completed by their expected completion dates or at all. Such delays may adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our Ongoing Projects, Projects under Development and Forthcoming Projects may be subject to significant changes and 

24 

modifications from our currently estimated management plans and timelines as a result of factors outside our control, including, among others: 

- defects or challenges to our land titles; 

- failure or delay in securing necessary statutory or regulatory approvals and permits for us to develop some of our projects; 

- expiration of agreements to develop land and our inability to renew them in time or at all or find any alternate arrangements to continue the development of the land which may lead to temporary disruptions; 

- availability of financing; 

- natural disasters, pandemics such as COVID-19 and weather conditions; 

- legal proceedings initiated against us, landowners or development partners by individuals or regulatory authorities seeking to restrain development of our projects; 

- reliance on third-party contractors and the ability of third parties to complete their services on schedule and on budget; 

- the risk of decreased market demand subsequent to the launch or commencement of construction of a project; and 

- change in local development regulations. 

Such changes and modifications to our timelines may have a significant impact on our Ongoing Projects, Projects under Development and Forthcoming Projects, and consequently, we may not develop these projects as contemplated, or at all, which may have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, if there are any revisions made to the existing plans, approvals, permits or licenses granted for our Ongoing Projects by relevant authorities, then we may, as a result of such revisions, be required to seek approval from two-third of existing customers of such project, undertake unplanned rework, including demolition on such projects or re-apply for and obtain key regulatory approvals. Such an occurrence may result in time and cost overruns, including customer complaints and claims under the evolving regulatory framework of RERA, which may have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. For details of the outstanding applications related to our Ongoing Projects see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 365 

For example, we have faced delays, work stoppages or cancellation or non-completion of our projects in the past in our project Chirping Woods due to approvals required under applicable environmental regulations and our project Sameeksha due to modifications to the sanction plans and related approval requirements. Further, certain of our Completed Projects as well as completed portions of certain of our Ongoing Projects have faced delays in the past. For example, we faced significant delays in completing construction and while giving possession and delivery of apartments/flats in our projects Vijaya Hyde Park, Shankari, Sameeksha and Chirping Woods. Further, our project, Hebbal One, was significantly delayed as it was initially conceptualised as a residential project and was subsequently changed to a commercial project and accordingly, approvals for the same had to be re-obtained. The compensation paid/ payable to our customers in lieu of delays in the six months ended September 30, 2021 and in the financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019, on account of such delays is as follows: 

|||||_(₹ in million)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Six months ended**<br>**September, 2021**|**Financial year ended**<br>**March 31, 2021**|**Financial year ended**<br>**March 31, 2020**|**Financial year ended**<br>**March 31, 2019**|
|Panorama Hills-Villas|-|-|12.69|4.85|
|Panorama Hills-B-IV|-|-|0.20|0.11|
|Panorama Hills-B-II|4.46|69.09|69.60|-|
|Summit|10.79|29.62|25.15|14.28|
|Sameeksha|-|0.18|0.11|25.67|
|Signia|-|-|-|-|
|**Total**|**15.25**|**98.89**|**107.75**|**44.91**|



We have also been made party to various consumer disputes due to such delays. Any delays in completing our projects could also result in negative publicity and lack of confidence among future customers. For details see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 350. 

In addition, some of the sale agreements which we enter into with customers may contain penalty clauses wherein we are liable to pay a penalty for any delay in the completion and hand over of the units to our customers. In terms of the residential and commercial agreements, the penalty payable by us is the prevailing marginal cost of lending rate of a specified bank plus 2%. Further, a buyer of our residential unit may also terminate his arrangements with us if we fail to deliver the unit 

25 

as per the timelines mentioned under the sale agreement, and we may be liable to refund the amount along with interest. However, prior to the implementation of RERA, the right to terminate the sale agreement was not typically granted to the buyer. 

Under RERA, in case of a delay in completion of units within the stipulated time and/or delay in handover of possession of units to a buyer under certain specified circumstances, the buyer is granted the right to withdraw from the project, and is entitled to amounts paid, along with interest and specified compensation. Further, in the event a buyer does not withdraw, the promoter is required to pay interest for every month of delay until handover of possession on the amount received by the promoter. The completion date of the units and the rate of interest in case of default has to be compulsorily included in the sale agreement. Further, delays from the timeline specified for the project’s RERA registration may result in the revocation of the RERA registration. For instance, the RERA registration in relation to our Project Shriram Summitt expired on September 30, 2021. While we have applied for the occupation certificate, consent to operate and fire NOC with the relevant authorities, there might be a possibility of legal actions by the relevant authorities and flat-buyers that might be initiated under the RERA Act in relation to this project. 

The aggregate penalties or interest that we may be liable to pay in the event of delays may affect the overall profitability of the project and therefore adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Certain customers have instituted cases against us for compensation with regard to delay under the RERA. Specifically, in the last one year, 39 cases have been instituted against us and we have settled 23 cases as of September 30, 2021 and paid out compensation / settlements of ₹15.30 million. We were yet to settle one case as of September 30, 2021 for which we may be obliged to pay ₹ 0.2 million. 

**12.** **_We depend significantly on our residential development business, particularly in the mid-market and affordable housing categories, the success of which is dependent on our ability to anticipate and respond to consumer requirements._** 

As of September 30, 2021, 93.79% of our total estimated Saleable Area in Ongoing Projects, Projects under Development and Forthcoming Projects comprise residential projects. We categorize our residential developments into mid-market and affordable housing categories. We rely on our ability to understand the preferences of our customers, particularly in South India, in each of these segments and to accordingly develop projects that suit their tastes and preferences. As customers continue to seek better housing amenities as part of their residential needs, we plan to continue our focus on the development of quality residential accommodation with various amenities. Our inability to provide customers with quality construction or our failure to continually anticipate and respond to customer needs may affect our business and prospects and could lead to the loss of significant business to our competitors. 

**13.** **_If we are unable to continue to benefit from our relationship with our Promoters and the Shriram Group and the “Shriram” brand, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

We benefit from our relationship with our Promoters and the Shriram Group in many ways, such as their reputation, experience and knowledge of the real estate and property development industry. We believe that our customers, vendors and members of the financial community perceive the “Shriram” brand to be that of a trusted provider of quality products and services. While we do not own the “Shriram” brand, it has been licensed to us by the Shriram Value Services Limited (“ **SVS** ”) through a brand licensing agreement dated April 29, 2011 (" **Branding License Agreement** ”) and Deed of Novation cum Amendment dated May 24, 2019 to the Branding License Agreement. In consideration for the license granted, our Company was paying a license fee which is calculated annually and is equal to the higher of: (i) a percentage of our profits before tax for a financial year depending upon the amount of our profit before tax, which ranges between 1% and 5% of our profit before tax; or (ii) ₹ 5,000,000 to SVS up to September 30, 2019. From October 1, 2020 onwards, our Company pays a license fee which is calculated annually as a percentage of profit before tax to SVS. The brand license fees paid by our Company to SVS amounted to ₹1.07 million, ₹5.00 million, ₹5.00 million and ₹5.00 million which is equivalent to 0.09%, 0.12%, 0.09% and 0.08% of our total revenue from operations during the six months ended September 30, 2021 and the financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The Branding License Agreement is valid until September 30, 2022 and is renewable every three years, unless otherwise agreed by the parties. For further details, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters_ ” on page 181. In the event the license is terminated, our Company is required to change our corporate name, and remove references to the Shriram brand within a period of 60 days. Our growth and future success is influenced, in part, by our continued relationship with our Promoters and the Shriram Group. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to take advantage of the benefits from these relationships in the future. If we cease to benefit from these relationships for any reason, our business and growth prospects may decline. Further, negative publicity of the brand due to actions of our Promoters or other members of the Shriram Group (including entities that have disassociated with us, or the Shriram Group and continue to use the “Shriram” name), beyond control of our Company, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**14.** **_Significant increases in prices of, or shortages of, or disruption in supply of labour and key building materials could affect our estimated construction cost and timelines resulting in cost overruns, impacting our profitability._** 

We and our third-party contractors procure building materials and other raw materials for our projects, such as cement, ready-mix concrete and steel, from third-party suppliers with whom we or our contractors do not have any long-term supply contracts. In case any of our or our contractor’s regular suppliers curtail or discontinue supply of key raw materials at 

26 

competitive prices or at all, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Further, the prices and supply of basic building materials and other raw materials depend on factors outside our control or the control of our contractors, including cost of their raw materials, increased demand or reduced supply, general economic conditions, pandemic such as COVID-19, competition, production costs and levels, transportation costs, indirect taxes and import duties. Our ability to develop and construct projects profitably is dependent on our ability and the ability of our contractors to obtain adequate and timely supply of building materials within our estimated budget. Poor quality roads and other transportation-related infrastructure problems, inclement weather and road accidents may also disrupt the transportation of supplies. Prices of certain building materials and, in particular, cement and steel prices, are susceptible to rapid increases and have remained volatile over the last few years. Further, we operate in a labour-intensive industry and if we or our contractors are unable to negotiate with the labour or their sub-contractors, it could result in work stoppages or increased operating costs as a result of higher than anticipated wages or benefits. 

During periods of shortages in the supply of building materials or skilled labour, we may not be able to complete projects according to our previously determined time frames, at our previously estimated project costs, or at all, which may adversely affect our results of operations and reputation. For example, we faced disruption in the supply of labour in 2020 due to migration of labour as a result of COVID-19 pandemic and this resulted in a slowdown in the construction of several projects such as Temple Bells, Luxor and Liberty Square. In addition, during periods where the prices of building materials or labour significantly increase, we may not be able to pass these price increases on to our customers, which could reduce or eliminate the profits we intend to gain from our projects or cause us to incur losses. Our contractors may also demand a revision of the agreed contract price in the event the price of raw materials, fuel or labour increases above an agreed threshold. These factors could adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **15.** **_We rely on independent contractors to execute our projects and any failure on their part to perform their obligations could adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We utilize independent contractors to execute a significant majority of our projects. The timing and quality of construction of the projects we develop depends on the availability and skill of these contractors, as well as contingencies affecting them, including labour and raw material shortages due to various reasons including the COVID-19 pandemic and industrial action such as strikes and lockouts. If a contractor fails to perform its obligations satisfactorily or within the prescribed time periods with regard to a project, or terminates its arrangement with us, we may be unable to develop the project within the intended timeframe and at the intended cost. If this occurs, we may be required to incur additional cost or time to develop the property to appropriate quality standards in a manner consistent with our development objective, which could result in reduced profits or, in some cases, significant penalties and losses which we may not be able to recover from the relevant independent contractor. We cannot assure you that the services rendered by any of our independent contractors will always be satisfactory or match our requirements for quality. Typically, our contractors provide a guarantee of 2.50% to 5.00% of the contract value valid up to expiry of the defects liability period, which in most cases is a period of 365 days from the date of completion certified by us. 

We cannot assure you that the services rendered by such independent contractors will always be satisfactory or match our requirements for quality. Further, we may be subject to claims in relation to defaults and late payments to our contractors, which may adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **16.** **_Certain information in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on assumptions and management estimates which may change, and we cannot assure you of the completeness or the accuracy of other statistical and financial data contained in this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

Certain statements contained in this Red Herring Prospectus, such as the category of development, the Saleable Area, estimated construction commencement and estimated completion dates (for Projects under Development and Forthcoming Projects), are based solely on assumptions, management estimates and our business plans. The estimated construction commencement and estimated completion dates (for Projects under Development and Forthcoming Projects) are based on internal management plans after discussion with relevant service providers. The estimates of Saleable Area of our Ongoing Projects, Projects under Development and Forthcoming Projects and land reserves are based on the current rules and regulations which govern the Saleable Area of the respective projects. Further, the classification of projects as Completed Projects, Ongoing Projects, Projects under Development and Forthcoming Projects as well as references to land reserves are based on internal management classifications and plans. The total area of property that is ultimately developed and the actual Saleable Area may differ from the descriptions of the property presented herein based on modifications of design or engineering specifications and a particular project may not be developed, booked, or sold as per our management estimates. 

The actual timing of the completion of a project may be different from its forecasted schedule. We may also have to revise our assumptions, estimates, development plans (including the type of proposed development) and the estimated construction commencement and completion dates of our projects depending on future contingencies and events, including, among others: 

- changes in our business plans due to prevailing economic and market conditions; 

- the availability of capital resources to development and offer new projects; 

27 

- the demand supply scenario as a result of COVID-19 and other factors discussed in this section; 

- changes in laws and regulations; and 

- changes in political scenario of the states where our projects are located. 

We may also change our management plans and timelines for strategic, marketing, internal planning and other reasons. Such changes and modifications may have a significant effect on our Ongoing Projects, Projects under Development and Forthcoming Projects, and consequently, we may not develop these projects as contemplated, or at all, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**17.** **_Our business is capital intensive and is significantly dependent on the availability of real estate financing in India. Difficult conditions in the global as well as Indian capital markets and economy generally may cause us to experience limited availability of funds, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to raise sufficient financing on acceptable terms, or at all._** 

Our business is capital intensive, requiring substantial capital to develop and market our Ongoing Projects, Projects under Development and Forthcoming Projects as well as our future growth plans. The actual amount, timing and nature of our future capital requirements, is determined by the nature of the projects we undertake as well as our implementation strategy, planned capital investments and customer advances received, among others. These may also differ from our estimates as a result of, among other things, unforeseen delays or cost overruns in developing our projects, changes in business plans due to prevailing economic conditions including our project mix of owned, jointly-developed and development management projects, product mix and development timelines, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, and engineering design changes. To the extent our planned expenditure requirements exceed our available resources, we will be required to seek additional debt or equity financing. There may be limited availability of financing for real estate projects due to market disruptions, including due to the COVID-19 pandemic, volatile financial market conditions and restrictive regulations. Further, additional debt financing, if available, could increase our interest cost and require us to comply with additional restrictive covenants in our financing agreements. In addition, the Indian regulations on foreign investment in housing, built-up infrastructure and construction and development projects impose significant restrictions on us, including the types of financing activities we may engage in. 

Our ability to obtain additional financing on favorable commercial terms, if at all, will depend on a number of factors, including our results of operations and cash flows; the amount and terms of our existing indebtedness; general market conditions in India; and general condition of the global and Indian debt and equity markets. In addition, changes in the global and Indian credit and financial markets may affect the availability of credit to our customers and decrease in demand for our development. 

Our inability to obtain funding on reasonable terms, or at all, could affect our ability to develop our Ongoing Projects, Projects under Development and Forthcoming Projects and would have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

**18.** **_Our joint development agreements do not convey any interest in the immovable property to us and only the development right is transferred to us. Further, investments through joint development agreements involve risks, including the possibility that our development partners may fail to meet their obligations under the joint development agreement, causing the whole project to suffer._** 

We have sought to develop our projects and certain parts of our projects primarily through joint development agreements with landowners of the proposed projects. As of September 30, 2021, 20 out of our 29 Completed Projects covering a Saleable Area of 8.58 million square feet or 51.20% of our total Saleable Area for Completed Projects, are through joint development agreements. Similarly, eight out of 35 of our Ongoing Projects, Projects under Development and Forthcoming Projects, as of September 30, 2021 covering an estimated Saleable Area of 12.22 million square feet or 26.16% of our total estimated Saleable Area for our Ongoing Projects, Projects under Development and Forthcoming Projects, are owned through joint development agreements. 

Most of our joint development agreements confer rights on us to construct, develop, market and eventually sell the Saleable Area (or a certain proportion of such Saleable Area as mutually agreed under area-sharing arrangements) to third party buyers. While we have the right to create mortgages to raise funds for the projects, such agreements do not convey any ownership interest in the immovable property to us. Under these agreements, we are typically entitled to a share in the developed property and a proportionate undivided share of the land area, or a share of the revenues or profits generated from the sale of the developed property, or a combination of the above entitlements, after adjustments. 

Investments through joint development agreements involve risks, including the possibility that the relevant land-owners or our development partners may fail to meet their obligations under the joint development agreement, causing the whole project to suffer. For instance, the land-owners may be responsible for certain financial obligations towards the development of the project, procuring certain regulatory approvals (such as approvals for change in use of the land for residential/commercial purposes), furnishing documents of title to lenders for securing financing, paying taxes and local 

28 

levies on the land, curing title defects and settling title litigation within a stipulated period of time. 

We cannot assure you that projects that involve collaboration with third parties will be completed as scheduled, or at all, or that our ventures with these parties will be successful. For instance, in respect of one of our Projects under Development, project Shriram Earth Whitefield (formerly known as Santorini), while we had signed a joint-development agreement in 2014 with the landowner for developing eight Acres, the landowner withdrew three Acres from the arrangement in 2018. 

Further, our joint development agreements may permit us only partial control over the operations of the development under certain circumstances. Where we do not hold the entire interest in a development, it may be necessary for us to obtain consent from a development partner before we can cause the development partner to make or implement a particular business development decision or to distribute profits to us. These and other factors may cause our joint development partners to act in a way that is contrary to our interests, or otherwise be unwilling to fulfil their obligations under our joint development arrangements. Disputes that may arise between us and our joint development partners may cause delay in completion, suspension or complete abandonment of a project, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**19.** **_We are required to make certain advance payments to the owners of the land when we enter into joint development agreements, which may not be recoverable. Further, we may be required to pay certain penalties or liquidated damages in the event of any delay in the completion of the development within the time frame specified in the joint development agreements._** 

Under certain of our joint development agreements, we are required to provide the owners of the land with a security deposit, which is typically non-interest bearing and is expected to be refunded upon the completion of the project or adjusted either against payments to be made to the owners of land or by allotment of units in the completed project to our Company. In addition, we may also be required to provide an additional lump sum consideration and/or minimum guarantee. Sometimes, these advances are made even before any requisite approvals are obtained and/or may be made interest free. In such instances, the joint development partner undertakes to obtain such approvals and we may not be able to commence the development of the project until such approvals or permissions are obtained by the joint development partner. If for any reason, such approvals or permissions do not come through, we may not be able to recover such deposits, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. For example, we incurred an impairment losses of ₹ 1.07 million, ₹ 226.10 million, ₹ 20.00 million and ₹ 6.60 million for the six months ended September 30, 2021 and in the financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively which was primarily due to impairment of advances given by us to third-parties or land owners in relation to our projects. For further details see “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 230. 

Further, in the event of any delay in the completion of the development within the time frame specified, subject to certain exceptions, we are required to indemnify the other parties to the development agreements typically ranging between ₹ 2 and ₹ 5 per square foot of unsold share of the landowner till completion (on a monthly basis) and pay certain penalties or liquidated damages as specified in these agreements, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In certain cases, we are also required to indemnify our counterparties for liabilities accruing to the landowner in case of accidents, injury, death to workmen during construction; liabilities in connection with non-compliance with labour and insurance laws and other regulations in connection with development of the property; defects in construction and development (up to a stipulated period), actions initiated by regulatory authorities in connection with construction and development of the project, and general breach of terms and misrepresentations. If we are required to pay penalties or liquidated damages pursuant to such agreements, and we decline to do so, we may not be able to recover the deposits made by us to the owners of the land. In addition, if for any reason, the development agreement is terminated or the development is delayed or cancelled, we may not be able to recover such deposits, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**20.** **_There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company, Subsidiaries, Directors, Group Companies and Promoters._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company, Subsidiaries, Group Companies, Directors and Promoters. These proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals, enquiry officers and appellate tribunals. The brief details of material outstanding litigations involving the aforementioned persons/entities are as follows: 

_Litigation involving our Company_ 

|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of**<br>**cases**|**Amount, to the extent**<br>**quantifiable****_(₹ million)_**|**Provisions (as of September**<br>**30, 2021) (****_₹ million_) **|**Contingent liabilities (as of**<br>**September 30, 2021)****_(₹_**<br>**_million)_**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Civil|19|Nil|-|-|
|Criminal|Nil|Nil|-|-|
|Regulatory/<br>statutory<br>action|2|0.87|-|-|



29 

|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of**<br>**cases**|**Amount, to the extent**<br>**quantifiable****_(₹ million)_**|**Provisions (as of September**<br>**30, 2021) (****_₹ million_) **|**Contingent liabilities**<br>**September 30, 2021**<br>**_million)_**|**(as of**<br>**)****_(₹_**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Tax|16|684.53|-||12.51|
|RERA cases|49|40.66|9.34*||-|



_*The Company has accounted compensation expense for the respective periods, towards delay in handing over of units in accordance with applicable RERA and contractual provisions, including the afore mentioned RERA litigations._ 

# _Litigation involving our Subsidiaries_ 

|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of**<br>**cases**|**Amount, to the extent**<br>**quantifiable****_(₹ million)_**|**Provisions (as of September**<br>**30, 2021) (****_₹ million_) **|**Contingent liabilities (as of**<br>**September 30, 2021)****_(₹_**<br>**_million)_**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Civil|22|Nil|-|-|
|Criminal|4|Nil|-|-|
|Regulatory/<br>statutory<br>action|Nil|Nil|-|-|
|Tax|27|1,068.40|-|365.11|
|RERA cases|43|77.00|Nil*|-|



_*The Subsidiaries have accounted compensation expense for the respective periods, towards delay in handing over of units in accordance with applicable RERA and contractual provisions, including the afore mentioned RERA litigations._ 

_Litigation involving our Promoter_ 

|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of cases**|**Amount, to the extent quantifiable****_(₹ million)_**|
|---|---|---|
|Civil|1|0.12|
|Criminal|Nil|Nil|
|Regulatory/ statutory action|Nil|Nil|
|Tax|Nil|Nil|



_Litigation involving our Directors_ 

|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of cases**|**Amount, to the extent quantifiable****_(₹ million)_**|
|---|---|---|
|Civil|5|8,427.19|
|Criminal|3|10|
|Notices|1|10|
|Regulatory/statutory action|Nil|Nil|
|<br>Tax|Nil|Nil|



_Litigation involving our Group Companies_ 

|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of cases**|**Amount, to the extent quantifiable****_(₹ million)_**|
|---|---|---|
|Civil|2|Nil|
|Criminal|Nil|Nil|
|Regulatory/ statutory action|Nil|Nil|
|Tax|Nil|Nil|
|RERA cases|31|20.14|



For further details of such outstanding litigation against our Company, Subsidiaries, Group Companies, Directors and Promoters, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 350. We cannot provide assurance that the notices will not convert to legal proceedings or will be resolved, as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Such proceedings could divert management time and attention, and consume financial resources in their defence or prosecution. Should any new developments arise, such as any rulings against us by appellate courts or tribunals, we may need to make provisions in our financial statements that could increase expenses and current liabilities. Further, an adverse outcome in any of these proceedings may affect our reputation, standing and future business, and could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure you that any of these proceedings will be decided in favour of our Company, Subsidiaries, Group Companies, Directors and Promoters. 

**21.** **_We seek to grow our development management business. Our development management business is relatively new and we cannot assure you that we will succeed in growing this business._** 

We are transitioning from a real estate development model to a combination of real estate development and real estate services, by expanding our focus on development management (“ **DM** ”) business model. We have completed one project, representing 2.03 million square feet of Saleable Area, for which we received development management fees, and we have a limited track record of Completed Projects under this business. We launched 11 projects with a Saleable Area of 6.42 million square feet under the DM business model. Our agreements typically entitle us to receive fees ranging between 8% to 16% of the total project revenues, based on the nature of the activities agreed with the counterparty, as well as certain 

30 

incentives upon project revenues crossing specified thresholds. The fee range is higher in case all of the costs relating to selling, marketing and administration are to be borne by us. In certain development management agreements, we may also be entitled to a proportion of project revenues earned up to specific thresholds. 

Our development management portfolio includes 11 Ongoing Projects, one Project under Development and two Forthcoming Projects, representing 6.42 million square feet (13.74% of our total estimated Saleable area), 0.86 million square feet (1.83% of our total estimated Saleable area) and 7.64 million square feet (16.35% of our total estimated Saleable area), respectively, of estimated Saleable Area, as of September 30, 2021. For further details, see “ _Our Business_ ” on page 148. The following table sets forth the amount derived by us from development management fees and administrative fees during the six months ended September 30, 2021 and the financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019: 

|**Particulars**|**Six months ended**<br>**September 30, 2021**|**Financial year ended**<br>**March 31, 2021**|**Financial year ended**<br>**March 31, 2020**|**Financial year ended**<br>**March 31, 2019**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Amount_(₹ in million)_|322.91|1,141.51|870.85|637.53|
|As a percentage of total income_(%)_|20.81%|22.77%|13.78|8.81%|



Our development management business is relatively new and we cannot assure you that we will succeed in growing this business as currently planned or at all. For example, we may not be able to scale up our sales, marketing and execution capabilities in order to adequately grow our development management business. 

**22.** **_We depend on landowners or developers for obtaining certain regulatory approvals for our development management business. Any failure by the land owners or developers to obtain such approvals may adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, in certain cases, we may provide guarantees to lenders for financing provided to the landowners or developers for such projects, and any failure to repay such loans by the landowners or developers, may affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

For our projects under our development management business, we enter into development management agreements with land owners and other developers in order to provide a combination of services in relation to timely and quality execution, planning, development, construction, arranging third-party financing, branding, marketing and sales, collections and client management. We do not generally own the land and obtain regulatory approvals for these projects. We are dependent on the land owners and other developers for obtaining certain regulatory approvals. Any failure by the land owners or developers to obtain such regulatory approvals may delay the launch of our projects and our results of operations could be adversely affected. In certain cases we may provide guarantees to lenders for financing provided to the landowners or developers for such projects, and any failure to repay such loans by the landowners or developers, may require us to repay the loans availed, which may affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. As of September 30, 2021, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of indebtedness of third parties where we provided guarantees of repayment of their indebtedness, was ₹ 1,032.91 million. Further, we are substantially dependent on the land owners and developer of such project for the timely completion of such projects and may not be able to effectively perform our services and recognize revenue from such projects. Such delays may also adversely affect our brand name and reputation. 

**23.** **_We have not filed certain regulatory forms, which could subject us to liability. We cannot assure you that no legal proceedings or regulatory actions will be initiated against our Company in the future in relation to the missing filings and corporate records._** 

We have not received declarations from persons not holding beneficial interest in any Equity Shares as prescribed under Section 187C of the Companies Act, 1956 for the shares held by H.R. Srinivasan on behalf of HRS Web Investments and for shares held by Akhila Srinivasan on behalf of Shriram Business Finance. While we have taken record of the said beneficial interest in the register of members, we have not received any intimation with regard to the filing of the declaration of such beneficial interest with the RoC in a timely manner. The Equity Shares that were held by H.R. Srinivasan on behalf of HRS Web Investments and Akhila Srinivasan on behalf of Shriram Business Finance were subsequently transferred to other shareholders and stand transferred as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. We cannot assure you that these forms will be made available in the future or that we will not be subject to any penalties imposed by the relevant regulatory authority in this respect. 

Further, our Company has not complied with the requirements as prescribed under Section 203(4) of the Companies Act, 2013 with respect to the appointment of a company secretary within six months from the date of a vacancy. Our Company appointed Duraiswamy Srinivasan as its Company Secretary on August 3, 2018, after S. Jagadish Rao resigned as the Company Secretary of our Company on December 31, 2017, leaving the office of the Company Secretary vacant for more than a period of six months. While we have issued an offer for appointment on or before the six month deadline which was duly accepted on May 22, 2018, in the stipulated time period, and the actual appointment commenced on August 3, 2018. 

We cannot assure you that such proceedings or regulatory actions will not be initiated against our Company in the future in relation to the missing filings. 

**24.** **_As of September 30, 2021, approximately 22.09% of our estimated Saleable Area is located in Kolkata, West Bengal. As a result our future business, financial condition and results of operations are significantly dependent on the_** 

31 

# **_performance of, and the conditions affecting the real estate market in Kolkata._** 

As of September 30, 2021, approximately 22.09% of our estimated Saleable Area and 197.47 acres of our land reserves are located in Kolkata, West Bengal. In the event of a slowdown in construction activity in Kolkata _,_ or any circumstances, including a local breakout of COVID-19 disease in West Bengal in the future, that may make projects in Kolkata less economically beneficial and our financial condition and results of operations may be significantly affected. 

Further, Kolkata is a new market for us and we may not be entirely familiar with the operating dynamics of this market. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully obtain all the requisite regulatory approvals, align with efficient third party contractors in Kolkata, and that the demand for our projects in Kolkata will grow, or will not decrease, in the future. Consequently, our future business, financial condition and results of operations are in significant part dependent on the performance of, and the prevailing conditions, including political conditions, affecting, the real estate market in Kolkata. The real estate market in Kolkata may also be affected by various factors outside our control, including local economic and demographic conditions, availability of financing to potential customers, changes in governmental policies relating to zoning and land use and the availability of comparable real estate in competing markets. Further, as we own the land in Kolkata, in the event we are not able to develop this land for any reason, we may not be able to monetize the land asset at a desired price, or at all. 

**25.** **_Our title and development rights or other interests over land may be subject to legal uncertainties and defects which may have an adverse impact on our ability to develop and market projects developed on such lands. Further, inadequate or doubtful title may expose us to the risks of litigation._** 

There may be various legal defects and irregularities to the title to the lands that we own or on which we have development rights or other interests in, directly or indirectly, and which we may not be able to fully identify, resolve or assess. Prior to any agreement for purchase and/or development of land with respect to any land or any right therein, we usually verify the history and title of the land based on available documents and information by undertaking a due diligence process and obtain title opinion from experts. However, we cannot assure you that such documents and information is accurate, authentic or complete. Our rights in respect of these lands may be compromised by improper execution or non-registration of relevant property documents, encumbrances created in favour of third parties that is not registered (due to which such encumbrances would not appear in the records maintained in this regard), the absence of conveyance by all right holders, rights of adverse possessors, non-procurement of _khata_ in the name of the owner, ownership claims of family members of prior owners, or other defects that we may not be aware of. For example, 6 out of 26 of our Ongoing Projects are involved in a total of 15 land dispute litigation proceedings, as of September 30, 2021. Thus, we may not be able to assess or identify all the relevant risks and liabilities associated with defects or irregularities of title. Further, we still have to pay property tax for the financial year 2020 for some of our projects such as Hebbal One and Sarjapur Bagalur _(now known as Shriram Chirping Grove)._ Any acquisition made by us in reliance on our assessment of such information, or the assessment of such information by a third party, is subject to risks and potential liabilities arising from the inaccuracy or incompleteness of such information. If such information later proves to be inaccurate, any defects or irregularities of title may result in our loss of title or rights over land, and the cancellation of our development plans in respect of such land. Any inability to identify defects or irregularities of title, and any inability to correct any such defects or irregularities of title, on lands that we plan to develop may have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Additionally, property records in India have not been fully computerized and are generally maintained manually with physical records of all land related documents, which are also manually updated. This updating process can take a significant amount of time and can result in inaccuracies or errors and increase the difficulty of obtaining property records and/or materially impact our ability to rely on them. As a result, the title of the real property in which we may invest may not be clear or may be in doubt. 

Further, many of our projects are developed through joint-development and development management agreements where the underlying land is owned by third-party landowners and/or developers, and such persons may not have clear title to such land. In addition, we may face practical difficulties in verifying the title of a prospective seller of property or of the landowner or developer. As each transfer in a chain of title may be subject to defects, our title and agreements we have entered into with land owners for construction on, and development of, land may be subject to various defects which we may not be aware of. Further, in respect of certain survey numbers and transfers of land, the underlying title documents and revenue records may have been misplaced or otherwise be unavailable for verification of the chain of title. For instance, the joint development agreement for project Shriram Shriranjani, a Completed Project, is unavailable with us. Failure to obtain, or to prove that we or our clients under our development management business hold, good title to a particular plot of land may prejudice the success of a development for which that plot is a critical part, may require us to write off expenditures in respect of that development and may adversely affect our property valuations and prospects. In addition, we could face litigation on the title to land that is acquired from minors at the time of transfer, who may, as per Indian law, claim title on attaining majority. 

Further, legal disputes in respect of land title can take several years and can entail considerable expense to resolve if they become the subject of court proceedings and their outcome can be uncertain. For further details of outstanding litigation in relation to the title of certain of our land parcels, see _“Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments”_ on page 350. In the past, there have been title related litigations which have arisen in several projects executed or being executed by us. 

32 

For details of current outstanding litigations on our projects, see _“Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation Against our Company – Civil Litigation_ ” and “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation Involving our Subsidiaries – Civil Litigation_ ” on page 350 and 355. If any property which we have invested in is subject to any litigation or is subjected to any litigation in future, it could delay Ongoing Projects, Projects under Development or Forthcoming Projects or may adversely affect us, financially or otherwise. If we or the owners/ developers of the land which is the subject of our joint development and development management agreements are unable to resolve such disputes with these claimants, we may lose our rights over the land. 

Further, title insurance is not commercially viable in India to guarantee title or land development rights in respect of land. The absence of title insurance, coupled with the difficulties in verifying title to land, may increase our exposure to thirdparty claims to the property. We cannot assure you that we have, or may not be able to prove that we hold, valid title or rights in respect of all of the land we believe we own or have development rights over and are unable to insure against such risk. 

# **26.** **_We have entered into joint development agreements to develop land which has subsequently been involved in litigation._** 

We have entered into joint development agreements to develop land which has subsequently been involved in litigation. Though our Company or our Subsidiaries have not been made party to these civil litigations, however, we cannot assure you the outcome of these litigations and we or our Subsidiaries may be made a necessary and proper party to these pending litigations in future. For further details on litigation involving project lands for certain of our joint development projects, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation Against our Company – Civil Litigation_ ” and “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation Involving our Subsidiaries – Civil Litigation_ ” on page 350 and 355, respectively. 

For example, our Subsidiary, Shriprop Builders, has entered into a joint development agreement to develop land located at Thubarahalli, Village Varathur Hobli, Bengaluru East Taluk for the Project Santorini ( _now known as Shriram Earth Whitefield_ ) in Bengaluru, which is involved in litigation and a suit has been filed disputing the title and ownership of the suit property. Shriprop Builders has not been made a necessary and a proper party to this suit, but it may be made a necessary and proper party to this litigation in future. Even if we are not impleaded as parties to these proceedings, an adverse outcome in any of these proceedings may affect our reputation, standing and future business, and could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure you that any of these proceedings will be decided in our favour or that no further liability will arise out of these proceedings. 

# **27.** **_We may enter into joint venture and similar agreements with third parties, which may entail certain risks._** 

We have entered into strategic relationships with several domestic and international financial investors and have received investments in several of our project-specific subsidiaries from time to time from investors such as ASK Real Estate Special Opportunities Fund, Amplus Capital Advisors Private Limited, India Realty Excellence Fund II LLP (managed by Motilal Oswal Real Estate Investment Advisors II Private Limited), SUN-Apollo India Real Estate Fund LLC, Mitsubishi Corporation and Kotak Affordable India Fund (a joint investment vehicle focused on investing into affordable housing projects between CDC of UK and Kotak Alternative Investment Managers). In addition, we may enter into joint ventures and other arrangements with third parties for the development of our projects in the future. 

We need the cooperation and consent of our joint venture partners in connection with the operations of our joint venture, which may not always be forthcoming and we may not always be successful at managing our relationships with such partners. There are certain risks associated in operating with joint venture partners, including the risk that our joint venture partners may have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our interests and goals; exercise veto rights in relation to our proposals in respect of joint venture operations and future financing requirements; be unable or unwilling to fulfil their obligations under the relevant joint venture or other agreement and have disputes with us or terminate such agreements; take actions contrary to our instructions or requests or contrary to a joint venture company’s policies and objectives; take actions that are not acceptable to regulatory authorities; or experience financial or other difficulties. Further, the inability of a joint venture partner to continue with a project due to financial or legal difficulties could resulting in us bearing increased, or possibly sole, responsibility for the relevant projects. 

The terms of some of these agreements may require us and our joint venture partner to take responsibility for different aspects of the project. For example, we may be required to obtain the regulatory approvals for the project while our joint venture partner may be required to incur certain costs related to development of the project. The success of these projects depends significantly on the satisfactory performance by us and our joint venture partners of the respective obligations under the joint venture agreements. If we or our joint venture partners fail to perform the respective obligations satisfactorily, we may be required to make additional investments or become liable or responsible for our breach or for the obligations of these entities in the project, which could result in reduced profits or, in some cases, significant losses and a diversion of our management’s attention. This may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, the agreements governing our joint venture may permit us partial or no control over the operations of the joint venture under certain circumstances. Our joint venture partners holding a majority stake in our joint venture may make 

33 

significant decisions without our consent that affect our interests, such as delaying project execution timetables or losses. Alternatively, we may be required to obtain consent from a minority joint venture partner before we can cause the joint venture to make or implement a particular business development decision or to distribute profits to us. Any delays in obtaining such consents may limit our flexibility to make decisions relating to the corresponding projects, cause delays and may adversely affect our results of operations. Our joint venture agreements may also provide investors with options to exit the joint venture, such as tag-along, drag rights, put and call options. In the event such investors exercise these exitrights, the completion of the project may be adversely affected. 

**28.** **_We may not be able to successfully identify and acquire suitable land or development rights, which may affect our_** 

# **_business and growth prospects._** 

Our ability to identify suitable parcels of land for development is important to our business and involves certain risks, including identifying land with clean title and at locations that are preferred by our target customers. Our decision to undertake a project involves: 

- an assessment of the size and location of the underlying land, 

- proximity to civic amenities and supporting infrastructure, 

- the willingness of landowners to sell the land to us on terms which are commercially acceptable to us, 

- the availability and cost of financing such acquisitions, 

- the existence of encumbrances, 

- government directives on land use, and 

- the ability to obtain approvals for land acquisition and development. 

Our internal assessment process is based on information that is available or accessible to us. We cannot assure you that such information is accurate, complete or current and that our internal assessment criteria will lead to entirely accurate land identification or assessment. Further, any information considered to be accurate, complete or current while doing our internal assessment may not continue to be accurate, complete or current at a future date. Any decision based on inaccurate, incomplete or outdated information may result in certain risks and liabilities associated with the acquisition of such land, which could adversely affect our business and growth prospects. 

# **29.** **_The Indian real estate sector is heavily regulated. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including the withdrawal of certain benefits or adverse application of tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

The Indian real estate sector is heavily regulated by central, state and local governmental authorities. Real estate development companies in India are required to comply with a complex regulatory framework, including policies and procedures established by local authorities and designed to implement such laws and regulations. For example, we are subject to various land ceiling statutes which regulate the amount of land that can be held under single ownership. If the structures through which we exercise land rights are said to violate such laws, our business could be adversely affected. Further, the interpretation or application by regulatory authorities of real estate laws may vary in different states. Regulatory authorities in certain states may allege non-compliance and may subject us to regulatory action in the future, including penalties, seizure of land and other legal proceedings. The planning permission granted by local municipal authorities is usually subject to compliance with the terms and conditions of all licenses and permits granted in connection with the project. Any non-compliance could lead to a cancellation of planning permission granted, and consequentially a cancellation of such project. 

Our business is governed by various laws and regulations including the Right to Fair Compensation and Transparency in Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement Act, 2013, the RERA and the rules made thereunder, the Indian Registration Act, 1908, the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986, the Consumer Protection Act, 1986, the Indian Stamp Act, 1899, including state specific rules. Our business could be adversely affected by any change in laws, municipal plans or interpretation of existing laws, or promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations applicable to us. 

The Government of India has also implemented a comprehensive national goods and services tax (“ **GST** ”) regime with effect from July 1, 2017 that combines multiple taxes and levies by the Central and State Governments into a unified tax structure. While the Government of India and certain state governments have announced that all committed incentives will be protected following the implementation of the GST, given that the various rules and regulations regarding the new regime are being evaluated in terms of various implications concerning the GST, we cannot assure you as to this or as to any other aspect of the tax regime following implementation of the GST including anti-profiteering regulations of the new tax regime and availability of input tax credit. 

34 

The Government of India has introduced several incentives to promote the construction and development of affordable housing. A portion of our affordable housing portfolio qualifies for tax benefits such as 100% deduction of tax on profit and lower GST on affordable housing under the Government’s affordable housing initiative. For further details, see “ _Statement of Tax Benefits_ ” on page 92. There are also various tax benefits under the IT Act which are available to us and the purchasers of residential premises who incur loans from banks or other financial institutions. We or our customers may not be able to realize these benefits if there is a change in law or in interpretation of law resulting in the discontinuation or withdrawal of these tax benefits, which could affect the ability or willingness of our customers to purchase residential premises. 

Certain of these regulations are new and are subject to regulatory interpretation, which is evolving. For example, certain environmental laws are subject to interpretation and clarification by the national Green Tribunal. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect our business, prospects and results of operations. 

# **30.** **_Our business is subject to the RERA which is subject to regulatory interpretation and the rules under it are evolving. Accordingly, we may require more time and cost to comply with these regulations and we may face challenges in interpreting and complying with them due to limited jurisprudence._** 

The Government notified RERA on May 1, 2016, and RERA was subsequently effective from May 2017. RERA is intended to regulate the real estate industry and to ensure, among others, imposition of certain responsibilities on real estate developers and accountability toward customers and protection of their interest. The RERA established a real estate regulatory authority for regulation and planned development in the real estate sector and to protect the interest of consumers in the real estate sector. The RERA obliges real estate developers, including us to, mandatorily register real estate projects, not issue any advertisements or accept advances unless real estate projects are registered, maintain a separate account for amounts realized from each real estate project and restricts withdrawal of amounts from such accounts and take customer approval for major changes in sanctioned plans. 

The RERA also requires real estate developers to disclose certain information on their proposed projects on the web portal of the relevant authorities, incorporate certain details in the letters of allotment issued to their customers, specify the responsibilities of customers until conveyance of residential units, adhere to sanctioned plans and project specifications obtain prior consent from allottees in the event of any significant deviations, obtain insurance for, among other things, title and construction of the real estate project, and return amounts collected from allottees (with interest) if they are unable to grant possession of a residential unit in accordance with the terms of the underlying agreement for sale or due to discontinuation of their business as developers. Certain customers have instituted cases against us under the RERA, for reasons including compensation with regard to delay in handover of apartments. We cannot assure you if we will be able to complete our projects in a timely manner or that we will not be made party to consumer disputes due to such delays, if we are unable to get extensions for the mandated RERA timelines in the future. Specifically, in the last one year, 39 cases have been instituted against us and we have settled 23 cases as of September 30, 2021 and paid out compensation/ settlements of ₹15.30 million. We were yet to settle one case as of September 30, 2021 for which we may be obliged to pay ₹0.2 million. 

In addition, we will have to comply with state-specific rules and regulations which will be enacted by the relevant state government where our Ongoing Projects are or our Projects under Development and Forthcoming Projects may be located, due to the introduction of RERA. While most of the state governments have notified rules in relation to RERA, other states are in the process of doing so. 

To ensure compliance with the requirements of the RERA, we may need to allocate additional resources, which may increase our regulatory compliance costs and divert management attention. Further, we may face challenges in interpreting and complying with the provisions of the RERA due to limited jurisprudence on them. Any non-compliance of the provisions of RERA or such state-specific legislations may result in litigation or fines or penalties and revocation of registration of our Ongoing Projects, which may have an adverse effect on our business, operations and financial condition. 

# **31.** **_Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected by the incidence and rate of property taxes and stamp duties._** 

As a property owning and development company, we are subject to the property tax regime in the geographies that we operate in. We are also subject to stamp duty for the agreements entered into in respect of the properties we buy and sell. These taxes could increase in the future, and new types of property taxes, stamp duties may be introduced which would increase our overall costs. If these property taxes and stamp duties increase, the cost of buying and selling properties may rise. Additionally, if stamp duties or higher stamp duties were to be levied on instruments evidencing transactions which 

35 

we believe are currently subject to nil or lesser duties, our acquisition costs and sale values may be affected, resulting in a reduction of our profitability. Any adverse increase in the property prices due to increase in such property taxes or stamp duties may result in lower sales as it may result in a decrease of potential buyers for our properties Any such changes in the incidence or rates of property taxes or stamp duties could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

For instance, Shrivision Homes, one of our Subsidiaries, was alleged by the District Registrar and Deputy Commissioner of Stamps, Shivajinagar, Bengaluru to have undervalued the stamp duty payable on a sale deed executed in 2012, and directed to pay balance duties amounting to ₹ 6.08 million. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 350. 

**32.** **_Some of our projects are in the preliminary stages of planning and require us to obtain approvals or permits, and we are required to fulfil certain conditions precedent in respect of some of them. We also do not currently have all requisite approvals to develop our land reserves. Any failure to obtain the necessary approvals in time or at all may result in material delays in our Ongoing Projects, Projects under Development and Forthcoming Projects, or prejudice our ability to develop our land reserves._** 

As of September 30, 2021, we have a portfolio of 26 Ongoing Projects, five Projects under Development and four Forthcoming Projects. Each of the states, including Karnataka, West Bengal, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu, in which we operate have different policies and approval framework for the real estate sector. To successfully execute all our projects, we are required to obtain statutory and regulatory approvals, and permits and applications need to be made at appropriate stages of the projects with various government authorities in each state. For example, we are required to obtain the approval of building plans and layout plans, and approvals for commencement of construction from municipal authorities, no-objection certificates for construction of high-rise projects from the Airports Authority of India, environmental consents and fire safety clearances. In addition, we are required to obtain a certificate of change of land use in respect of industrial or agricultural land. Further, we may be required to renew certain of our existing approvals. Our ability to develop certain projects is, in some cases, dependent on our joint venture partners or other third parties obtaining necessary approvals and permits. 

We have applied for certain approvals and a certificate of change of land use, which are currently pending and we may need to apply for renewal of certain approvals which may expire from time to time, in the ordinary course of our business. For instance, no-objection certificates from the Airports Authority of India are typically valid for a period of five years. Further, any change or expansion in our project development plans may require us to obtain revised no-objection certificates from certain authorities, including from the relevant fire departments and state environment impact assessment authorities. For further details on regulatory approvals obtained by us, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 365. Additionally, the consent to establishment obtained from the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board for project Summit has expired and we are in the process of applying for renewal. 

We cannot assure you that the relevant authorities will issue any such approvals, certificates or renewals in the anticipated time frames or at all. Any delay or failure to obtain the required approvals or renewals in accordance with our plans may adversely affect our ability to implement our Ongoing Projects, Projects under Development and Forthcoming Projects, or to exploit the development potential of such land parcels to the fullest and adversely affect our business and prospects. 

**33.** **_It is difficult to compare our performance between periods, as our revenues and expenses fluctuate significantly from period to period._** 

Revenue from the sale of constructed properties, comprised 55.36%, 57.21%, 67.46% and 76.63% of our total income for the six months ended September 30, 2021 and financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019 respectively. Our income may fluctuate significantly due to a variety of factors including size of our developments and general market conditions. 

Until March 31, 2018, the Guidance Note on “Accounting for Real Estate Transactions (for entities to whom Ind AS is applicable) issued by the ICAI in May 2016 was applicable. On March 28, 2018, the MCA notified Ind AS 115, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, applicable from April 1, 2018. This standard specifies the accounting for an individual contract and establishes a five-step model to account for revenue arising from contracts with customers, which includes, the following judgments: satisfaction of performance obligations; determination of transaction prices; transfer of control in contracts with customers; and estimation process based on allocation of transaction price to performance obligation in contracts with customers. For details, see “ _Financial Statements - Annexure V – Basis of Preparation and Significant Accounting Policies – 2.1(a)_ ” on page 243. 

In accordance with the above, revenue is recognized when control over the assets that is the subject of the contract is transferred to the customer. In the case of contracts to sell real estate assets this is generally when the unit has been handed over to the customer though a registered sale deed. We have elected to apply the input method in allocating the transaction price to performance obligations where revenue is recognized over time (in case of registered sale deeds for units in projects that are not completed). In applying the input method, we estimate the cost to complete the projects in order to determine the amount of revenue to be recognized. These estimates include the cost of providing infrastructure, potential claims by contractors as evaluated by the project consultant and the cost of meeting other contractual obligations to the customers. 

36 

We have adopted Ind AS 115, in relation to contracts from the earliest period presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Our income from property development and the costs of projects are the two line items that may not be comparable period to period. The revenues and profit recognized are potentially subject to adjustments in subsequent periods based on refinements in estimated costs of project completion that could affect our future revenues and profit. In addition, our revenues and costs may fluctuate from period to period due to a combination of other factors beyond our control, including registration of sales deeds in a particular period, volatility in expenses such as costs to acquire land or development rights and construction costs. Variation of project timelines due to project delays and estimates may also have an adverse effect on our ability to recognize revenue in a particular period. 

As a result of one or more of these factors, we may record significant revenue or profits during one accounting period and significantly lower revenue or profits during prior or subsequent accounting periods. Further, the periods discussed in our financial statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus may not be comparable to future periods, and our results of operations and cash flows may vary significantly from period to period, year to year and over time. Therefore, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations may not be indicative of our future performance. 

# **34.** **_A significant portion of our revenues are derived from a few projects. Any adverse developments affecting such projects could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our top five projects by revenue in each period contributed to 70.86%, 75.94%, 83.98% and 87.35% of our total income for the six months ended September 30, 2021 and the financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019 respectively, out of which our leading project by revenue contributed to 16.75%, 33.79%, 39.34% and 34.05% of our total income for the six months ended September 30, 2021 and the financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Any adverse development impacting the completion or sales at these projects, including due to increased competition or supply, or reduction in demand, in the markets in which these projects are located, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **35.** **_Our Statutory Auditor has included certain emphasis of matters in its report on our financial statements for the financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019._** 

Our Statutory Auditor has included an emphasis of matter in its report on our financial statements for the financial years 2021 and 2020 which describes uncertainties relating to the effects of COVID-19 pandemic on our operations **_._** Further, our Statutory Auditor has included emphasis of matter in its report on our financial statements for financial year 2020 and 2019, regarding correction of certain errors in our comparative financial information, in accordance with principles of Ind AS 8, to the extent of ₹(77.24) million for financial year 2018. For further details see “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 230. We cannot assure you that our Statutory Auditor’s observations for any future financial period will not contain similar remarks, emphasis of matters or other matters prescribed under Companies (Auditors Report) Order 2016, and that such matters will not otherwise affect our results of operations. 

# **36.** **_Compliance with, and changes in, environmental, health and safety laws and regulations could adversely affect the development of our projects and our financial condition._** 

We are subject to environmental, health and safety regulations in the ordinary course of our business including governmental inspections, licenses and approvals of our project plans from state pollution control authorities and projects prior to and during construction. Further, we are required to conduct an environmental assessment for most of our projects before receiving regulatory approval for these projects. If we face any environmental concerns during the development of a project or if the government introduces more stringent regulations, we may incur delays in our estimated timelines and may need to incur additional expenses. We are subject to various central and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment that may require a current or previous owner of a property to investigate and clean-up hazardous or toxic substances at a property. Such laws often impose strict liability irrespective of whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, any environmental damage or pollution and the presence of such substances or materials. The cost of investigation, remediation or removal of these substances may be substantial. Failure to comply with these laws may result in penalties or other sanctions. 

Currently, we are involved in certain environmental litigations. For instance, our Subsidiary, Bengal Shriram, has been impleaded in a writ petition in the High Court of Calcutta in connection with the obtainment of environmental permissions prior to the commencement of construction. The matter is currently pending before the High Court. For details of this litigation, and other outstanding environmental litigations involving us, see _“Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving our Subsidiaries – Civil Litigation”_ on page 355. 

Environmental reports that we may request a third party to prepare with respect to any of our properties may not reveal (i) all environmental liabilities, (ii) that any prior owner or operator of our properties did not create any material environmental condition not known to us or (iii) that a material environmental condition does not otherwise exist as to any one or more of our properties. There also exists the risk that material environmental conditions, liabilities or compliance concerns may have arisen after the review was completed or may arise in the future. Finally, future laws, ordinances or regulations and future interpretations of existing laws, ordinances or regulations may impose additional environmental liability. We may 

37 

be subject to liabilities or penalties relating to environmental matters, which could adversely affect the development of our projects and our financial condition. 

**37.** **_Any failure to protect or enforce our rights to own or use trademarks and brand names and identities could have an adverse effect on our business and competitive position._** 

Our efforts to protect our intellectual property may not be adequate and any third party claim on any of our unprotected brands may lead to erosion of our business value and our reputation, which could adversely affect our operations. Third parties may also infringe or copy our registered trademarks. We may not be able to detect any unauthorized use or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce or protect our trademarks. 

Further, intellectual property in connection with “Shriram”, including all registered and unregistered marks, designs, trade names, logos and slogans have been licensed to our Company for use in its business in India by SVS. For further details, see “ _Our Business – Intellectual Property_ ” on page 173. If this licensing arrangement is terminated, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

In addition, we do not own certain trademarks and trade names which we use in our business, including trade names for our projects such as, Chirping Woods. We cannot assure you that we will continue to have the uninterrupted use and enjoyment of these trademarks or logos, in the event that we are unable to renew the relevant license agreements. While we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty whether we are infringing any existing third-party intellectual property rights, which may force us to alter our offerings. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business and competitive position. 

**38.** **_We may not be able to manage our strategy of expansion effectively or it may change in the future._** 

We have experienced growth over the past three years and have significantly expanded our operations. Our revenue from sale of constructed properties for the six months ended September 30, 2021 and for the financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019 was ₹ 858.84 million, ₹ 2,868.03 million, ₹ 4,262.64 million and ₹ 5,546.66 million, respectively. We have realized pre-sales volumes of 1.56 million square feet of Saleable Area or ₹ 1,260 units, 3.00 million square feet of Saleable Area or 2,525 units, 3.25 million square feet of Saleable Area or 2,873 units, 3.56 million square feet of Saleable Area or 3,469 units in the six months ended September 30, 2021 and for the financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. However, we cannot assure you that our strategy of expansion will continue to be successful or that we will be able to continue to grow further, or at the same rate. 

While South India remains and is expected to remain our primary focus, we evaluate and pursue opportunities to expand to other parts of India on a case-by-case basis, including for example in Kolkata, where we are establishing our presence. Operating in locations outside where we have an established track record, particularly outside South India, may present additional difficulties. We may not be able to grow our business outside our focus areas and outside South India at the same rate as we grow our business in South India, or at all. 

If we are unable to manage our strategy of expansion as well as future growth effectively, it may strain our managerial, operational, financial and other resources, which may result in an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**39.** **_A portion of our working capital needs are funded by pre-sales. Any cancellation of sales or change in the laws or regulations governing the use of presales may affect our working capital and financial position._** 

Our pre-sales, meaning sales done during construction of a project, have allowed us to benefit from deposit and instalment payments from our customers, which we are able to use as working capital and thereby allowing us to maintain healthy levels of working capital and to reduce our debt servicing costs. Any decrease in our presales may cause our working capital needs to increase. In addition, our ability to use such presales to meet our working capital needs may be affected by laws or regulations, or changes in the Government’s interpretation or implementation thereof. We may be unable to timely find alternative sources of working capital, which could have an adverse effect on our financial position. See “ _Our Business – Competition_ ” on page 173, for a description of our principal competitors. 

# **40.** **_Increase in competition in the Indian real estate sector may adversely affect our profitability._** 

Our business faces competition from both national and local property developers with respect to factors such as location, facilities and supporting infrastructure, services and pricing. Intensified competition between property developers may result in increased land prices, oversupply of properties, lower real estate prices, and lower sales at our properties, all of which may adversely affect our business. Further, our development management business may be subject to increased competition from other real estate development companies, as it requires lower up front capital investment. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against our existing or potential competitors or that increased competition will not have an adverse effect on our profitability. 

**41.** **_We may suffer uninsured losses or experience losses exceeding our insurance limits. Consequently, we may have to_** 

38 

# **_make payments to cover our uninsured losses, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition._** 

As of September 30, 2021, the aggregate coverage of the insurance policies obtained by us is ₹ 20,101.37 million, which was 61.04% of our total assets. Our real estate projects could suffer physical damage from fire or other causes, resulting in losses, which may not be fully compensated by insurance. In addition, there are certain types of losses, such as those due to earthquakes, floods, other natural disasters, terrorism or acts of war, which may be uninsurable or are not insurable at a reasonable premium. We may also be subject to claims resulting from defects. The proceeds of any insurance claim with respect to insurance that either we or our contractors have taken may be insufficient to cover any expenses faced by us including higher rebuilding costs as a result of inflation, changes in building regulations, environmental issues and other factors. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occur, we may lose the capital invested in and the anticipated revenue from the affected property. In addition, any payments we may make to cover any uninsured loss may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, we incurred losses at our projects Shriram Panorama Hills in Vishakhapatnam, Shriram Gateway in Chennai, Grand One in Kolkata and Chirping Woods in Bengaluru due to natural disasters, for which we received insurance payments. Further, in the past three years, we incurred uninsured losses of ₹6.32 million and ₹0.05 million (both during the financial year 2021) and ₹1.37 million (during the financial year 2020) at our projects Grand One in Kolkata, Shankari in Chennai and Shriram Panorama Hills in Vishakhapatnam, respectively, representing deductibles and a portion of the claims preferred not accepted by the insurers. Further, in relation to project Chirping Woods in Bangalore, we have filed a claim of ₹6.51 million during the financial year 2021 which is yet to be approved. We cannot assure you that losses in excess of insurance proceeds will not occur in the future. 

# **42.** **_Some of our Group Companies have incurred losses in the preceding three financial years, based on their last audited financial statements available._** 

Some of our Group Companies namely, Shriram Coimbatore, Shriprop Aerospace, Twentyfirst Century and Shriprop Hitech, have incurred losses in Financial Year 2021, all our Group Companies have incurred losses in Financial Year 2020 and some of our Group Companies, namely, Shrivision Towers, SPL BNE, Shriprop Hitech and Twentyfirst Century have incurred losses in Financial Year 2019 based on their audited financial statements. For further information on our loss making Group Companies, see “ _Group Companies – Loss Making Group Companies_ ” on page 227. We cannot assure you that our Group Companies will not incur losses in the future. 

# **43.** **_Certain of our Completed Projects have not received an occupancy certificate or a completion certificate from relevant authorities, as applicable._** 

We are required to obtain occupancy certificates and completion certificates from the relevant authorities for our projects in Bengaluru, Karnataka, Chennai and Tamil Nadu respectively in order to classify them as Completed Projects. Three of our Completed Projects, namely, Shriram Samskruhti, Shriram Shriranjini and White House 2 in Bengaluru, each of which were developed more than a decade ago, have not received occupancy certificates. Further, at the time of completion of certain projects namely, Vijaya Hyde Park Apartments and Villas, Sai Shreyas Apartments and Villas, Temple Bells (Shriram Shankari Ph-1 and Ph-2 (Chennai)) and Shankari (Coimbatore) in Tamil Nadu, there was no statutory requirement to obtain a completion certificate. For the abovementioned projects, we have relied on property tax receipts of owners, deeds of declaration under the Karnataka Apartment Ownership Act, 1975 or architect certificates, as applicable, to classify these projects as completed. We cannot assure you that action will not be taken against us by the relevant authorities in the future, in relation to the non-receipt of occupancy or completion certificates. 

# **44.** **_Our success depends in large part upon our qualified personnel, including our senior management, directors and key management personnel and our ability to attract and retain them when necessary._** 

Our operations are dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. While we believe that we currently have adequate qualified personnel, we may not be able to continuously attract or retain such personnel, or retain them on acceptable terms, given the demand for such personnel. Across our operations, we experienced attrition of 17.14%, 38.93%, 31.57% and 35.76% for the six months ended September, 2021 and financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The loss of the services of our qualified personnel may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when qualified personnel terminate their employment with our Company. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting the qualified employees that our business requires. 

Further, our senior management team is integral to the success of our business. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain any or all of our management team. Any loss of our senior management or key personnel or our inability to recruit further senior managers or other key personnel could impede our growth by impairing our day-to-day operations and hindering our development of Ongoing Projects, Projects under Development and Forthcoming Projects and our ability to develop, maintain and expand customer relationships. 

In addition, we cannot assure you that our relations with our employees shall remain cordial at all times and that employees will not undertake or participate in strikes, work stoppages or other industrial actions in the future. Any labour disruptions may affect our operations, thereby adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

39 

# **45.** **_We have presented certain supplemental information of our performance and liquidity which is not prepared under or required by Ind AS._** 

This Red Herring Prospectus includes our EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and other related financial information, which are supplemental measures of our performance and liquidity and are not prepared under or required by Ind AS. 

EBITDA is defined by us as profit before finance cost, income tax expense and depreciation and amortization, exceptional items and share of profits from joint venture. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA adding impact of accounting a compound financial instrument as Equity. Adjusted revenue from operations is defined as total revenue adjusted by revenue after adjusting the impact of accounting a compound financial instrument as equity. EBITDA % is defined as EBITDA as a percentage of revenue from operations. Adjusted EBITDA % is defined as Adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of adjusted revenue from operations. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as used and defined by us, may not be comparable to similarlytitled measures employed by other companies and are not measures of performance calculated in accordance with Ind AS or Indian GAAP. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for financial information presented in Restated Financial Statements, as prepared in accordance with Ind AS. There are significant limitations to using EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as measures of performance, including the inability to analyze the effect of certain recurring and non-recurring items that materially affect our net profit or loss, the lack of comparability of results of operations of different companies and the different methods of calculating EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA reported by different companies. 

# **46.** **_We enter into, and in future shall continue to enter into, certain related party transactions in the ordinary course of our business on an arm’s length basis._** 

We have entered into transactions “ _on an arm’s length basis_ ” with related parties in the six months ended September 30, 2021 and the financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019 and are likely to do so in the future. For example, we have entered into various transactions, including for the purposes of providing guarantees for loans availed by certain of our joint ventures, advances given for purchase of land, loans given to certain of our joint ventures and development management fees and administration fees received from our joint ventures. For details, see “ _Financial Statements—Notes to the Restated Financial Statements — Note 46 - Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 286. While we have entered into transactions with related parties on an arm’s length basis in the past, we cannot assure you that any related party transactions in future, individually or in the aggregate, will not be negatively perceived or will always have a positive effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

# **47.** **_We have relied on third party industry reports, certain of which have been commissioned by us in relation to the Offer for an agreed fee and which have been used for industry related data in this Red Herring Prospectus, which we have exclusively commissioned and paid for purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry exclusively in connection with the Offer._** 

We have relied on the JLL Report titled “Real Estate Industry Report in Bengaluru, Chennai, Kolkata, Vishakhapatnam and Coimbatore, India” dated November 2021 for industry related data in this Red Herring Prospectus which has been exclusively commissioned and paid for by us in relation to the Offer for an agreed fee. We appointed JLL, an independent third-party research agency, on December 15, 2020. Given the scope and extent of the JLL Report, disclosures are limited to certain excerpts and the JLL Report has not been reproduced in its entirety in this Red Herring Prospectus. There are no material parts, data or information (which may be relevant for the proposed issue), that have been left out or changed in any manner. The data used in these sources may have been reclassified by us for the purposes of presentation and may also not be comparable. The report uses certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. Accordingly, investors should read the industry related disclosure in this Red Herring Prospectus in this context. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. Industry sources and publications generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources generally believed to be reliable, but that their accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed and their reliability cannot be assured. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information. See “ _Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Industry and Market Data_ ” on page 16. 

# **48.** **_Any failure in our information technology systems could adversely affect our business._** 

We place significant emphasis on cost management and rigorously monitor our projects to ensure that time and costs remain within the budgeted amount. Our project execution team utilizes modern technologies in order to reduce costs and streamline execution timelines, and increasingly seeks to adopt such technologies in order to scale up and grow our operations. We have also instituted a detailed management information system which tracks our projects on a monthly basis, enabling project management, implementation and monitoring. Any delay in implementation or disruption of the functioning of our information technology systems, including on account of the prolonged impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, could affect our ability to assess the progress of our projects, process financial information, manage creditors or debtors or engage in normal business activities. Any such disruption could have an adverse effect on our business. 

40 

# **49.** **_Corrupt practices or fraud or improper conduct may delay the development of a project and adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

The real estate development and construction industries in India and elsewhere are not immune to the risks of corrupt practices or fraud or improper practices. Large construction projects provide opportunities for corruption, fraud or improper conduct, including bribery, deliberate poor workmanship, theft or embezzlement by employees, contractors or customers or the deliberate supply of low quality materials. If any persons involved in any of the projects are the victim of or involved in any such practices, our reputation or our ability to complete the relevant projects as contemplated may be disrupted, thereby adversely affecting our business and results of operations. 

# **50.** **_Our operations and our workforce are exposed to various natural disasters, hazards and risks that could result in material liabilities, increased expenses and diminished revenues._** 

Our operations are subject to hazards inherent in providing architectural and construction services, such as the risk of equipment failure, work accidents, fire or explosion. Many of these hazards can cause injury and loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment and environmental damage. Further, while we conduct various site studies prior to the acquisition of any area of land and its construction and development, there are certain unanticipated or unforeseen risks that may arise in the course of property development due to adverse weather and geological conditions such as storms, hurricanes, lightning, floods, landslides and earthquakes. We cannot assure you that we will not bear any liability as a result of these hazards. 

# **51.** **_We have incurred losses in recent financial years._** 

We, on a consolidated basis, had a net loss for the period/year of ₹ 600.33 million, ₹ 681.78 million and ₹ 863.93 million for the six months ended September 30, 2021 and the Financial Years 2021 and 2020, respectively, in accordance with our Restated Financial Statements. We cannot assure you that we will not incur losses in the future. 

# **52.** **_We have had negative cash flows from operating activities and financing activities, in the past and may continue to have negative cash flows in the future._** 

The following table sets forth net cash generated from / (used in) Operating Activities and Financing Activities for the periods indicated: 

||**Six months**||**Financial Year**|_(₹ in million)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**ended**<br>**September**<br>**30, 2021**|**2021**|**2020**|**2019**|
|Net cashgenerated from/ (used in) OperatingActivities|549.85|1,475.88|1,291.20|(1,792.31)|
|Net cash generated from / (used in) Financing Activities|(871.53)|(1,185.25)|(2,273.62)|(68.56)|



For details, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on pages 230 and 314, respectively. We cannot assure you that our operating cash flows or net cash flows will be positive in the future. 

**53.** **_We have certain contingent liabilities, which, if they materialize, may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Further, as of September 30, 2021, March 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, our ratio of total liabilities plus contingent liabilities to net worth was 3.34, 2.95, 2.79 and 2.46, respectively._** 

As of September 30, 2021, our contingent liabilities, on a consolidated basis, are as set out in the table below: 

||_(₹ in million)_|
|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**As of September 30, 2021**|
|**A. Contingent Liabilities**||
|Income tax matters|351.17|
|Service tax matters|26.45|
|**B. Financial Guarantees**||
|Guaranteegiven bythegroupon behalf ofjointventure|7,262.00|
|Guarantee given by the group on behalf of others|2,100.00|



As of September 30, 2021, March 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, our ratio of total liabilities plus contingent liabilities to net worth was 3.34, 2.95, 2.79 and 2.46, respectively. If a significant portion of our contingent liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. For details, see “ _Financial Statements - Annexure VI - Notes to Restated Financial Statements – Note 45 – Contingent Liabilities and Commitments_ ” on page 288. 

# **54.** **_We have recorded exceptional items in prior years which have impacted our profitability._** 

41 

We have recorded exceptional items of ₹ (39.95) million, ₹ (11.73) million, ₹ (15.45) million and ₹ 1,223.86 million for the six months ended September 30, 2021 and financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. For details of exceptional items, see “ _Financial Statements – Annexure VI – Notes to Restated Financial Statements – Note 32_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on pages 277 and 314, respectively. The exceptional items in each of these years have impacted our profitability and we cannot assure you that we would not record such exceptional items in future, which may have a significant impact on our financial condition. 

# **55.** **_We will continue to be controlled by our Promoters after the completion of the Offer._** 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters hold 31.98% of the issued, subscribed and paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. Upon completion of the Offer, our Promoters will continue to exercise significant control over us, which will allow them to vote together in capacity as shareholders of the Company on certain matters in general meetings of the Company. Accordingly, the interests of our Promoters in capacity as shareholders of the Company may conflict with your interests and the interests of other shareholders of the Company. 

# **External Risk Factors** 

# **_Risks Related to India_** 

**56.** **_A slowdown in economic growth in India or political instability could adversely affect our business._** 

We are incorporated in and all of our operations are located in India. As a result, our performance and the growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. In the recent past, Indian economy has been affected by global economic uncertainties and liquidity crisis, domestic policy and political environment, volatility in interest rates, currency exchange rates, commodity and electricity prices, adverse conditions affecting agriculture, rising inflation rates, the COVID-19 pandemic and various other factors. Risk management initiatives by banks and lenders in such circumstances could affect the availability of funds in the future or the withdrawal of our existing credit facilities. The Indian economy is undergoing many changes and it is difficult to predict the impact of certain fundamental economic changes on our business. Conditions outside India, such as a slowdown or recession in the economic growth of other major countries, have an impact on the growth of the Indian economy. Additionally, an increase in trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and the trading price of the Equity Shares. Volatility, negativity, or uncertain economic conditions could undermine the business confidence and could have a significant impact on our results of operations. Changing demand patterns from economic volatility and uncertainty could have a significant negative impact on our results of operations. 

Further, our performance and the market price and liquidity of the Equity Shares may be affected by changes in exchange rates and controls, interest rates, government policies, taxation, social and ethnic instability and other political and economic developments affecting India. The GoI has traditionally exercised and continues to exercise a significant influence over many aspects of the economy. Our business, the market price and liquidity of the Equity Shares may be affected by changes in GoI policy, taxation, social and civil unrest and other political, economic or other developments in or affecting India. 

# **57.** **_Land is subject to compulsory acquisition by the government and compensation in lieu of such acquisition may be inadequate._** 

The right to own property in India is subject to restrictions that may be imposed by the Government. In particular, the Government, under the provisions of the Right to Fair Compensation and Transparency in Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement Act, 2013 (the “ **Land Acquisition Act** ”) has the right to compulsorily acquire any land if such acquisition is for a “public purpose,” after providing compensation to the owner. However, the compensation paid pursuant to such acquisition may not be adequate to compensate the owner for the loss of such property. The likelihood of such acquisitions may increase as central and state governments seek to acquire land for the development of infrastructure projects such as roads, railways, airports and townships. Additionally, we may face difficulties in interpreting and complying with the provisions of the Land Acquisition Act due to limited jurisprudence on them or if our interpretation differs from or contradicts any judicial pronouncements or clarifications issued by the government. In the future, we may face regulatory actions or we may be required to undertake remedial steps. Any such action in respect of any of the projects in which we are investing or may invest in the future may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

# **58.** **_Restrictions on foreign direct investments (“FDI”) and external commercial borrowings in the real estate sector may hamper our ability to raise additional capital. Further, foreign investors are subject to certain restrictions on transfer of shares._** 

While the Government has permitted FDI of up to 100% without prior regulatory approval in the development of townships and in the construction of residential or commercial premises, industrial parks, roads or bridges, hotels, resorts, hospitals, educational institutions, recreational facilities, city and regional level infrastructure, and townships, it has issued a 

42 

notification and imposed certain restrictions or conditionality on such investments pursuant to Press Notes, circulars and regulations (including FEMA Non-debt Instruments Rules) issued by the DPIIT or the RBI or the Ministry of Finance, Government of India, from time to time, as the case may be (collectively, the “ **FEMA Norms** ”). 

In accordance with the FEMA Non-debt Instruments Rules, participation by non-residents in the Issue is restricted to participation by (i) FPIs under Schedule II of the FEMA Non-debt Instruments Rules, in the Issue subject to limit of the individual holding of an FPI below 10% of the post- Issue paid-up capital of our Company and the aggregate limit for FPI investment currently not exceeding 100% (sectoral limit); and (ii) Eligible NRIs only on non-repatriation basis under Schedule IV of the FEMA Non-debt Instruments Rules. Further, other non-residents such as FVCIs and multilateral and bilateral development financial institutions are not permitted to participate in the Issue. As per the existing policy of the Government, OCBs cannot participate in this Issue. For more information on bids by FPIs and Eligible NRIs, see “ _Offer Procedure_ ” on page 386. 

Further, under FEMA, transfers of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted, subject to certain restrictions, if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified under the FEMA Norms. If the transfer of shares is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements, prior regulatory approval of the RBI will be required. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other government agencies will be obtained on favourable terms, or at all. 

Further, under current external commercial borrowing guidelines prescribed by the RBI, companies are required to abide by restrictions including minimum maturity, permitted and non-permitted end-uses, maximum all-in-cost ceiling. Our inability to raise additional capital as a result of these and other restrictions could adversely affect our business and prospects. 

# **59.** **_The occurrence of natural and man-made disasters could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

Our operations may be damaged or disrupted as a result of natural disasters such as earthquakes, floods, heavy rainfall, epidemics, tsunamis and cyclones and other events such as protests, riots and labour unrest. Such events may lead to the disruption of information systems and telecommunication services for sustained periods. They also may make it difficult or impossible for employees to reach our business locations which may affect our business. Damage or destruction that interrupts our development could adversely affect our reputation, our relationships with our customers and our senior management team’s ability to administer and supervise our business. While our insurance policies for assets cover such natural disasters, such policies may not be adequate to cover the loss arising from these events, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. 

Additionally, India has from time to time experienced instances of civil unrest and terrorist attacks, regional or international hostilities or other acts of violence of war as well as other adverse social, economic and political events. These events could lead to political or economic instability in India and may adversely affect the Indian economy. Adverse geopolitical conditions such as increased tensions between India and China resulting in any military conflict in the region could adversely affect our business and operations. If such tensions occur in places where we operate or in other parts of the country, leading to overall political and economic instability, it could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and the trading price of the Equity Shares. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investments in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

# **60.** **_Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against our Company outside India._** 

Our Company is incorporated under the laws of India. Our Company’s assets are located in India and most of our Company’s Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are residents of India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce against them judgments obtained in courts outside India. Moreover, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with Indian public policy. 

India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions, which includes, the United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong. A judgment from certain specified courts located in a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Civil Code. The United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in a non-reciprocating territory, such as the United States, for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general securities laws of the United States, would not be enforceable in India under the Civil Code as a decree of an Indian court. 

The United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong have been declared by the Government of India to be reciprocating territories for purposes of Section 44A of the Civil Code. A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit on the judgment under Section 13 of the Civil Code, and not by proceedings 

43 

in execution. Section 13 of the Civil Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated on except (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case, (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable, (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice, (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the Civil Code, a court in India shall, on the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. The Civil Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. 

However, the party in whose favor such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States or other such jurisdiction within three years of obtaining such final judgment. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Moreover, it is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages to the extent awarded in a final judgment rendered outside India if it believes that the amount of damages awarded were excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered. 

# **61.** **_We may be affected by competition laws, the adverse application or interpretation of which could adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, of India, as amended (“ **Competition Act** ”), regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India (“ **AAEC** ”). Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an AAEC is considered void and may result in the imposition of substantial penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or the provision of services or shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner, including by way of allocation of geographical area or number of customers in the relevant market or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an AAEC and is considered void. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. 

On March 4, 2011, the Government notified and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to and pre-approved by the Competition Commission of India (the “ **CCI** ”). Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued Competition Commission of India (Procedure for Transaction of Business Relating to Combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. 

The Competition Act aims to, among others, prohibit all agreements and transactions which may have an AAEC in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an AAEC in India. However, the impact of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. However, since we pursue an acquisition driven growth strategy, we may be affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it would adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

# **62.** **_Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and fall under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the RBI’s prior approval is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. Further, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020 issued by the DPIIT and the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Amendment Rules, 2020 which came into effect from April 22, 2020, any investment, subscription, purchase or sale of equity instruments by entities of a country which shares a land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment 

44 

into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, will require prior approval of the Government of India, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy and the FEMA Rules. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. 

# **63.** **_Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares. The Income Tax Act levies taxes on long-term capital gains exceeding ₹100,000 arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while there is no tax charged on unrealized capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on equity shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. The Income Tax Act levies taxes on such long-term capital gains exceeding ₹100,000 arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while continuing to exempt the unrealized capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on such equity shares subject to specific conditions. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long-term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of a securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of Equity Shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold other than on a recognized stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, will be subject to long term capital gains tax in India. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

Further, the Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2022, pursuant to which the Finance Bill, 2021 (“ **Finance Bill** ”), has introduced various amendments. The Finance Bill has received assent from the President of India on March 28, 2021, and has been enacted as the Finance Act, 2021 (“ **Finance Act** ”). We have not fully determined the impact of these recent and proposed laws and regulations on our business. We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. For instance, the Supreme Court of India has in a decision clarified the components of basic wages which need to be considered by companies while making provident fund payments, which resulted in an increase in the provident fund payments to be made by companies. Any such decisions in future or any further changes in interpretation of laws may have an impact on our results of operations. Further, a draft of the Personal Data Protection Bill, 2019 (“ **Bill** ”) has been introduced before the Lok Sabha on December 11, 2019, which is currently being referred to a joint parliamentary committee by the Parliament. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

The Finance Act has also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. 

As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act may have on our Company’s business and operations. Further, our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **64.** **_Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as US GAAP and IFRS, which may be material to investors' assessments of our financial condition._** 

The financial statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus have been prepared in accordance with Ind AS. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS financial statements, which are restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by 

45 

persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

# **65.** **_Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

# **Risks Related to the Offer** 

**66.** **_The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company and the Investor Selling Shareholders in consultation with the BRLMs, and through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 89 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

**67.** **_The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares has been determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our results of operations, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

**68.** **_Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of the Equity Shares, independent of our results of operations._** 

On listing, the Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of the Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Equity Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on the Equity Shares, independent of our results of operations. 

# **69.** **_Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity-linked securities by us may dilute your shareholding and adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

After the completion of the Offer, and certain members of the Promoter Group together will continue to exercise significant control over us, which will allow them to vote together in capacity as shareholders of the Company on certain matters in general meetings of our Company. Any future issuance of the Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us, including through exercise of employee stock options may dilute your shareholding in our Company, adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issue of our securities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will not issue additional Equity Shares. The disposal of Equity Shares by our Promoter, or the perception that such a sale may occur may significantly affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **70.** **_The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will 

46 

incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

# **71.** **_Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

A public company incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for your benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of any such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company would be diluted. 

# **72.** **_QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. RIBs and Eligible Employees Bidding in the Employee Reservation Portion can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing 

47 

