# **SECTION III: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Potential investors should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry in which we operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not currently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may also adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any or some combination of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or believed to be adverse, actually occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition could suffer, the trading price of, and the value of your investment in, our Equity Shares could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Restated Financial Statements” beginning on pages 131, 98, 290 and 216, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and our business and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved._ 

_Potential investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are unable to quantify the financial or other impact of any of the risks described in this section. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information for Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020 and for the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and 2020 included herein is derived from the Restated Financial Statements, included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Restated Financial Statements” beginning on page 216._ 

_This  Draft  Red  Herring  Prospectus  also  contains  forward-looking  statements  that  involve  risks,  assumptions,  estimates  and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including  the  considerations  described  below  and  elsewhere  in  this  Draft  Red  Herring  Prospectus.  See “ForwardLooking Statements” on page 15._ 

_Our Company’s Fiscal commences on April 1 and ends on March 31 of the immediately subsequent year, and references to a particular Fiscal are to the 12 months ended March 31 of that particular year. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “the Company” or “our Company” are to Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited on a standalone basis, and references to “the Group”, “we”, “us”, “our”, are to Shyam Metalics and Energy Limited and its Subsidiaries and Associates on a consolidated basis._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section have been derived from the report “Market Assessment and outlook across Steel Industry value chain” dated February 2021 (the “_ **_CRISIL Report_** _”) prepared and released by CRISIL Research, a division of CRISIL Limited, and commissioned by our Company in connection with the Offer. Also see, “Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Industry and Market Data” on page 13._ 

**Risks relating to our Business** 

**_1. Loss of any of our suppliers or a failure by our suppliers to deliver some of our primary raw materials such as iron ore, iron ore fines, coal, chrome ore and manganese ore may have an adverse impact on our ability to continue our manufacturing process without interruption and our ability to manufacture and deliver the products to our customers without any delay. Further, restrictions on import of raw materials and an increase in shipment cost may adversely impact our business and results of operations._** 

Our ability to remain competitive, maintain costs and profitability depend, in part, on our ability to source and maintain a stable and sufficient supply of raw materials at acceptable prices. We procure some of our primary raw materials, such as, (i) iron ore, iron ore fines and manganese ore on a purchase order basis; (ii) with the exception of the fuel supply agreements that we have entered into certain parties, which accounted for 56.45% of our total coal purchases in Fiscal 2020, we import coal on a purchase order basis; and (iii) chrome ore (with the exception of long term linkages with Odisha Mining Corporation Limited) on a purchase order basis, and have not entered into long term contracts for the supply of such raw materials. Accordingly, we may encounter situations where we might be unable to manufacture and deliver our products due to, amongst other reasons, our inability to predict the increased demand for our products. As a result, the success of our business is significantly dependent on maintaining good relationships with our raw material suppliers. Absence of long-term supply contracts subject us to risks such as price volatility caused by various factors such as commodity market fluctuations, currency fluctuations, climatic and environmental conditions, production and transportation cost, changes in domestic as well as 

21 

international government policies, and regulatory and trade sanctions. Since we also import a certain amount of raw materials from international suppliers, we remain susceptible to the risks arising out of raw material price fluctuations as well as import duties, which could result in a decline in our operating margins. Additionally, our inability to predict the market conditions may result in us placing supply orders for inadequate quantities of such raw materials. 

Although we have not faced significant disruptions in the procurement of raw materials in the past, the lockdown imposed by the Government of India on account of the operating restrictions/ lockdown consequent to outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic temporarily affected our ability to source raw materials from certain vendors, located both internationally and domestically, who were unable to transport raw materials to us, in the months of March, April and May 2020. There can be no assurance that we will procure the quantities and quality of raw materials commensurate with our requirements in the future _._ Further, any delay/failure to deliver or delivery of wrong or sub-standard raw materials by our suppliers may have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, and the nine months ended December 31, 2020, our top three raw materials supplier accounted for 14.04%, 13.29%, 16.22 % and 16.22 %, respectively, of our total raw material purchase costs. If any of our major suppliers ceases to have business dealings with us or materially reduces the quantity of raw materials supplied to us and we are unable to secure new suppliers for such raw materials to meet the requirements at our manufacturing plants, our production schedule may be delayed and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects will be adversely affected. In addition, in case of loss of preferred suppliers for key raw materials, we may have to purchase such raw materials from others sources, which may not be of desirable quality and result in product recall or liability. Also, see “- _Product liability claims could adversely affect our operations._ ” on page 32. 

In addition, in Fiscal 2020, we imported raw materials amounting to ₹ 2,403.52 million, which accounted for 11.17% of our total raw material purchases. We are also required to pay demurrage charges on import of raw materials and in Fiscals 2018, 2019, 2020, and the nine months ended December 31, 2020, such charges amounted to ₹ 9.58 million, ₹ 101.65 million, ₹ 43.25 million and ₹ 34.11 million, respectively. Any restrictions, either from the Central or state governments of India, or from countries which we import from, on such imports may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. There can be no assurance that such restrictions/ regulations would not be made more stringent which would consequently restrict our ability to import raw materials from other jurisdictions. Further, there can be no assurance that, under these circumstances, we will be successful in identifying alternate suppliers for raw materials or we will be able to source the raw materials at favourable terms in a timely manner. Any restriction on import of raw materials could have an adverse effect on our ability to deliver products to our customers, business and results of operations. Further, a significant portion of our expenses is due to freight carriage and transport and freight and forwarding expense and import freight charges. Any increase in import tariff will increase expenses which in turn may impact our business and results of operations. 

# **_2. Our success depends on stable and reliable logistics and transportation infrastructure. Disruption of logistics and transportation services could impair the ability of our suppliers to deliver raw materials or our ability to deliver products to our customers and/ or increase our transportation costs, which may adversely affect our operations._** 

Our Sambalpur and Jamuria manufacturing plants have captive railways sidings and we depend primarily on railways to transport the raw materials for such manufacturing units. We also utilize third party transportation services by road for transport of raw materials and our products from/ to our suppliers and customers. Further, we rely on the freight ships for the transport of imported coal as well as for export of our products. Transportation by rail, road or ship, as the case may be, involves risks, including, collision, grounding, storm, fire, explosion, lightning, political instability, allotment of rakes, allotment of berths for cargo ships for our imports and operating restrictions/ lockdown consequent to outbreak of infectious diseases, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Any delay or disruption caused to the transportation of raw materials or our products could adversely impact our ability to procure the raw materials as well as to meet the delivery schedule of our products in an economical manner. Further, on account of operating restrictions/ lockdown consequent to outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, our third-party transportation providers’ operations were disrupted in the months of March, April and May 2020. To ensure timely delivery of our products, we may also be required to maintain relatively high level of inventory of raw materials and this may also resultantly increase our cost. 

Further, the operation and maintenance of the railways is carried out by the central Government and we cannot assure you that rakes will be allotted to us on a cost effective basis and that such logistics and transportation infrastructure will be operated and maintained at adequate levels. In the event we are not allotted rakes by the central Government for the transportation of our raw materials or our products, we will be required to transport such raw materials or products by way of road which could increase our logistics costs and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial conditions. Further, disruptions of the logistics and transportation services on account of weather-related problems, strikes, inadequacies in the rail infrastructure, operating restrictions/ lockdown consequent to outbreak of infectious diseases, such as the COVID-19 pandemic or other events could impair the ability of our suppliers to deliver raw materials or significant increase in transportation costs may have an adverse impact on our operations. 

**_3. The demand and pricing in the steel industry is volatile and are sensitive to the cyclical nature of the industries it serves. A decrease in steel prices may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, prospects and financial_** 

22 

# **_condition._** 

Steel prices fluctuate based on a number of factors, such as, the availability and cost of raw material inputs, fluctuations in domestic and international demand and supply of steel and steel products, international production and capacity, fluctuation in the volume of steel imports, transportation costs, protective trade measures and various social and political factors, in the economies in which the steel producers sell their products and are sensitive to the trends of particular industries, such as, the construction and machinery industries. When downturns occur in these economies or sectors, we may experience decreased demand for our products, which may lead to a decrease in steel prices, which may, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

The Indian steel industry went through a difficult phase during 1997-98, 2002-03, 2008-09 and 2014-15 ( _Source: CRISIL Report_ ). However, subsequently the India steel demand increased at a CAGR of approximately 5.4% during Fiscal 2015 to Fiscal 2020 ( _Source: CRISIL Report_ ). Nonetheless, steel demand is expected to decline by 5.5% to 6.5% in Fiscal 2021 before recovering in Fiscal 2022 ( _Source: CRISIL Report_ ). Low steel prices adversely affect the businesses and results of operations of steel producers generally, including ours, resulting in lower revenue and margins and write-downs of finished steel products and raw material inventories. In addition, the volatility, length and nature of business cycles affecting the steel industry have become increasingly unpredictable, and the recurrence of another major downturn in the industry may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

In addition, substantial decreases in steel prices during periods of economic weakness have not always been balanced by commensurate price increases during periods of economic strength. Any sustained price recovery will most likely require a broad economic recovery, in order to underpin an increase in real demand for steel products by end users. 

# **_4. Our Chairman and individual Promoter, Mahabir Prasad Agarwal, Vice Chairman and Managing Director and individual Promoter, Brij Bhushan Agarwal, Joint Managing Director and individual Promoter, Sanjay Kumar Agarwal, whole-time Directors, Bhagwan Shaw and Dev Kumar Tiwari, are party to certain criminal proceedings._** 

Our Chairman and individual Promoter, Mahabir Prasad Agarwal, Vice Chairman and Managing Director and individual Promoter, Brij Bhushan Agarwal, Joint Managing Director and our individual Promoter, Sanjay Kumar Agarwal, wholetime Directors, Bhagwan Shaw and Dev Kumar Tiwari, are party to certain criminal proceedings. Further, our whole-time Director, Bhagwan Shaw, has been granted bail in all the matters pending against him. For further information, including aggregate details of criminal proceedings and amounts involved in such criminal proceedings involving the Promoters, see “– _There are outstanding legal proceedings against our Company, Subsidiaries, Group Companies, Directors and Promoters which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations_ ” and “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on pages 35 and 326, respectively. Any conviction, penalties or other action against our Chairman and individual Promoter, Vice Chairman and Managing Director and individual Promoter, Joint Managing Director and individual Promoter, whole-time Directors or Independent Director for the offences alleged by the complainants may potentially cause negative publicity thereby affecting our reputation, business, prospects, and financial condition. 

# **_5. Two of our Group Companies, SFAL and SPSPL, are engaged primarily in manufacturing of ferro alloy products and the metal manufacturing segment, respectively, lines of business similar to that of ours. Any conflict of interest which may occur between the business of such Group Companies and us could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition._** 

SFAL and SPSPL, two of our Group Companies, are engaged primarily in the business of manufacture of ferro alloy and steel products and in the metal manufacturing segment, respectively, lines of business similar to that of ours. Currently, SFAL and SPSPL have not entered into any non-compete agreement with us. We will endeavour to take adequate steps to address any conflict of interest by adopting the necessary procedures and practices as permitted by applicable law, to address any conflict which may arise in the future. We have adopted a policy titled “ _Related Party Transactions Policy_ ” read together with the Code of Conduct for Directors and Senior Management Executives, to address situations of conflict involving Directors and Promoters, especially in respect of related party transactions and those giving rise to conflict of interest. In accordance with the Related Party Transactions Policy, decisions to enter into transactions in which there are conflicts of interest with Directors or Promoters will require unanimous approval of the Directors. We cannot assure you that our Promoters will not favour the interests of SFAL and / or SPSPL over our interests or that we will be able to suitably resolve any such conflict without an adverse effect on our business or operations. 

# **_6. The COVID-19 pandemic and resulting deterioration of general economic conditions has impacted our business and results of operations in the past and the extent to which it will impact our future business and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are difficult to predict._** 

Since first being reported in December 2019, the outbreak of COVID-19 has spread globally. The World Health Organization declared the novel coronavirus disease (“ **COVID-19** ”) outbreak a Public Health Emergency of International Concern on January 30, 2020, and a pandemic on March 11, 2020. The rapid and diffused spread of COVID-19 and global health concerns relating to this pandemic have had a severe negative impact on, among other things, financial markets, liquidity, economic 

23 

conditions and trade and could continue to do so or could worsen for an unknown period of time, that could in turn have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition, including liquidity and growth. The extent to which the COVID-19 outbreak impacts our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, including on the duration and severity of the pandemic, the nature and scope of government actions to contain it, and the potential impact on global and national economic conditions, including inflation, interest rates, availability of capital markets, consumer spending rates, energy availability and costs (including fuel surcharges), which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. A rapid increase in severe cases and deaths where measures taken by governments fail or are lifted prematurely, may cause unprecedented economic disruption in India and in the rest of the world. The scope, duration and frequency of such measures and the adverse effects of COVID-19 remain uncertain and are likely to be severe. In addition, while the Government of India in coordination with the state governments have started the bulk immunization process or vaccination drive since January 16, 2021, achieving a complete vaccination scale may take significant amount of time. There is also no assurance that the vaccines that are developed will be fully effective and/ or may not have side effects. 

On March 14, 2020, India declared COVID-19 as a ‘notified disaster’ and imposed a nationwide lockdown announced on March 24, 2020. Subsequently, progressive relaxations have been granted for movement of goods and people and cautious re-opening of businesses and offices. However, since manufacturing of steel was determined to be an essential commodity, we were able to continue operations at our Sambalpur, Jamuria and Mangalpur manufacturing plants with few operational production plants and limited workforce and after March 27, 2020, our Sambalpur manufacturing plant and after May 23, 2020, our Jamuria and Mangalpur manufacturing plants were able to increase their operations and workforce in a phased manner in accordance with the specific directions/ guidelines issued by the respective State Government. During such downtime, we undertook certain maintenance activities at our Jamuria and Mangalpur manufacturing plants. Further, our manufacturing plants are currently operating subject to certain social distancing and additional safety measures, such as, regular temperature checks, regular sanitization, and compulsory use of masks and hand sanitization. While we have not been able to determine any material impact on our operations and results on account of COVID-19, in the previous Fiscal, our Company has witnessed a lower quantum of sales compared to similar periods in previous years. We have also witnessed limited delay in recovery of receivables from customers. The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in some disruptions in the supply of raw materials from our domestic and international suppliers during the months of March, April and May 2020. We also experienced some disruptions in supply chain and inventory management, as well as delays in orders. In addition, recently, throughout March and April 2021, due to an increase in the number of daily COVID-19 cases, several state governments in India re-imposed lockdowns, curfews and other restrictions to curb the spread of the virus. As a result of the detection of new strains and subsequent waves of COVID-19 infections in several states in India as well as throughout various parts of the world, we may be subject to further reinstatements of lockdown protocols or other restrictions, which may adversely affect our business operations. Although none of the above has had any material impact on our results or operations, we cannot predict if similar situations will arise again or increase in severity, which in turn may impact our results and profitability. We continue to closely monitor the impact that COVID-19 may have on our business and results of operations. Adverse effects of the COVID-19 pandemic may also significantly increase the effect of the aforementioned factors affecting our results of operations. In the nine months ended December 31, 2020, our Company had provided advances amounting to ₹ 2,856.76 million, ₹ 0.02 million, ₹ 1.08 million and ₹ 0.23 million to our Subsidiaries (including step-down subsidiaries), Shyam Sel and Power Limited, Hrashva Storage and Warehousing Private Limited, Shyam Ores (Jharkhand) Private Limited and Shyam Energy Limited, respectively. Further, in the nine months ended December 31, 2020, there have been no loans provided by our Company to our Subsidiaries. 

The COVID-19 pandemic and related volatility in financial markets and deterioration of national and global economic conditions could affect our business and operations in a variety of ways. For instance, on account of operating restrictions/ lockdown consequent to the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, we may experience operational disruptions as a result of the following: 

- a temporary shutdown of our manufacturing plants due to government restrictions or illness in connection with COVID19; 

- a decrease in demand for our products as a result of COVID-19 on account of government restrictions imposed and additionally on account of cost control measures implemented by our customers; 

- supply chain disruptions for us and our customers; 

- a significant percentage of our workforce being unable to work, including because of travel or government restrictions in connection with COVID-19, including stay at home orders; 

- delays in orders or delivery of orders; 

- our strategic projects getting postponed or our planned deliveries being delayed; and 

- inability to collect full or partial payments from some customers due to deterioration in customer liquidity. 

The extent to which the COVID-19 impacts our business and results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, such as new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions taken globally to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. In addition, we cannot predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our customers, suppliers and other business partners, and each of their 

24 

financial conditions; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact us. As a result of these uncertainties, the impact may vary significantly from that estimated by our management from time to time, and any action to contain or mitigate such impact, whether government-mandated or opted by us, may not have the anticipated effect or may fail to achieve its intended purpose altogether. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection for all costs that may arise from all such possible events. Further, our Statutory Auditors have in their reports to the audited financial statements for nine months period ended December 31, 2020 and for the year ended March 31, 2020 have included an emphasis of matter on impact of COVID-19 on our operations. 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there is significant uncertainty relating to the severity of long-term adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global economy, global financial markets and the Indian economy, and we are unable to accurately predict the long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. To the extent that the COVID19 pandemic adversely affects our business and operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this “ _Risk Factors_ ” section. 

# **_7. The steel industry is characterized by volatility in the prices of raw materials and energy which could adversely affect our profitability._** 

Steel production requires substantial amounts of raw materials and energy, including iron ore, iron ore fines, non-coking coal and coke, scrap and power, which are subject to significant price volatility. The production of steel is capital intensive, with a high proportion of fixed costs to total costs. Consequently, steel producers generally seek to maintain high capacity utilization. If capacity exceeds demand, there is a tendency for prices to fall sharply if supply is largely maintained. Conversely, expansion of capacity requires long lead times so that, if demand grows strongly, prices increase rapidly, as unutilized capacity cannot be brought on line as quickly. The result can be substantial price volatility. 

For instance, long steel product prices increased by approximately 7% on-year in Fiscal 2020 on account of faster recovery in infrastructure space and is expected to increase to ₹ 43,000 to 44,500 per tonne in Fiscal 2021. Further, the long steel products prices are expected to increase by 3% to 5% in Fiscal 2021 primarily on account of healthy demand recovery and rising cost push from iron ore. Further, primary long steel prices increased by 0.8% in Fiscal 2020 to ₹ 40,380 per tonne. However, secondary TMT prices experienced a decline primarily due to lower bargaining power. In Fiscal 2019, long steel prices had increased by 11% on-year on account of healthy rise in long steel demand supported by rising iron ore and scrap prices. In addition, international ferrochrome prices declined by 13% on-year to $899 per tonne in Fiscal 2020 on account of weak demand in China coupled with global oversupply. Domestic prices for ferrochrome followed a similar trend with 16% on-year decline in prices to ₹ 62,975 per tonne on account of weak demand. Going forward, prices for ferrochrome are expected to moderately increase in Fiscal 2021 due to severe chrome ore supply disruptions. In relation to manganese alloy, prices are expected to decline in Fiscal 2021 by 3-5% on-year due to declining demand as both global and domestic crude steel production to fall due to weak demand on account of the COVID-19 pandemic. Moreover, falling domestic manganese ore prices due to decline in global manganese ore prices due to oversupply situation to further weigh on the alloy prices. The first four months of Fiscal 2021 experienced a 6% decline in domestic ferro manganese prices. Supply rebalancing led by higher output from China and Malaysia coupled with moderating crude steel demand led to decline in global prices in Fiscal 2020. Similarly, domestic ferromanganese prices declined by 8% primarily owing to low demand as domestic crude steel production fell by 1.5%. ( _Source: CRISIL Report_ ) 

We may be negatively affected by significant price volatility, particularly in the event of excess production capacity in the global steel market, and incur operating losses as a result. 

# **_8. The unexpected loss, shutdown or slowdown of operations at any of our manufacturing plants could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our manufacturing plants are subject to operating risks, such as the breakdown or failure of equipment, power supply interruptions, facility obsolescence or disrepair, labour disputes, natural disasters and industrial accidents. While we undertake precautions to minimize the risk of any significant operational problems at our plants, there can be no assurance that our business, financial position and operations will not be adversely affected by disruption caused by operational problems at our manufacturing plants. Any unscheduled, unplanned or prolonged disruption of our manufacturing operations, including, power failure, fire and unexpected mechanical failure of equipment, performance below expected levels of output or efficiency, obsolescence, labour disputes, strikes, lock-outs, earthquakes and other natural disasters, industrial accidents, any significant social, political or economic disturbances or infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could reduce our ability to meet the conditions of our contracts and adversely affect sales and revenues from operations in such period. The occurrence of any of these risks could affect our operations by causing production at one or more manufacturing plant to shut down or slowdown. We have in the past faced such instances. For example in 2010, one of our ferro alloy plants located at the Sambalpur manufacturing plant was damaged due to a fire which resulted in production stoppage of approximately six months. Further, in 2015, the transformer for one of our ferro alloy plants located at the Sambalpur manufacturing plant suffered a breakdown which resulted in a production stoppage for more than two months. Further, recently, due to the operating restrictions/ lockdown consequent to COVID-19 pandemic, our Jamuria and Mangalpur manufacturing plants were operating with few operational production plants and limited workforce, and only 

25 

after May 23, 2020, our Jamuria and Mangalpur manufacturing plants increased their operations and workforce in a phased manner in accordance with the specific directions/ guidelines issued by the State Government. No assurance can be given that one or more of the factors mentioned above will not occur, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, one of our primarily raw materials, coal, depending on our inventory levels at times, is also stored in open areas at our manufacturing plants and hence is prone to catching fire in the summer due to high temperatures. For example in 2016, there were two instances of spontaneous combustion of coal at our Sambalpur manufacturing plant. Any loss of coal as a result could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, some of our key equipment may, on occasion, be out of service as a result of routine servicing or unanticipated failures, which could require us to close part or all of the relevant manufacturing plant or cause production reductions on one or more of our manufacturing plants. Our manufacturing plant and such key equipment would be difficult and expensive to replace on a timely basis. 

Our manufacturing plants are reliant on our captive power plants for the requirement of power. In Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, and the nine months ended December 31, 2020, power units produced from our captive power plants accounted for 90.06%, 87.32%, 85.19% and 79.58%, respectively, of our total power units consumed. We have in the past faced instances which led to the shutdown of some of our captive power plants. For example, in 2011 and 2014, the turbine for our 15 MW and 30 MW captive power plants at Mangalpur and Jamuria suffered a breakdown which resulted in a stoppage of the production of energy for approximately three months and two months respectively. Further in 2016, two fly ash silos connected with the captive power plant at our Jamuria manufacturing plant collapsed resulting in a stoppage of the production of energy for approximately three months. 

Any interruption in production may require significant and unanticipated capital expenditure to affect repairs or increase the cost of power, which could have a negative effect on profitability and cash flows. A sustained disruption to our business could also result in a loss of customers or imposition of penalties by our customers for failure to adhere to timelines. Any or all of these occurrences could result in the temporary or long-term closure of our manufacturing plants, severely disrupt our business operations and materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

# **_9. If we are unable to successfully implement our proposed expansion plans, including our proposal to enter ductile pipe and aluminum foil business, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected._** 

We have consistently increased our installed metal capacity (comprising of intermediate and final products). Recently, we have undertaken various expansions of our manufacturing plants, such as, (i) at our Sambalpur manufacturing plant, we installed (a) two iron pellet plants of 300,000 TPA and 600,000 TPA, sponge iron plant of 165,000 TPA, TMT plant of 60,000 TPA, wire rod plant of 200,000 TPA and a captive power plant of 33 MW in Fiscal 2020; and (b) a billet plant of 63,360 TPA in Fiscal 2019; and (ii) at our Jamuria manufacturing plant, we installed (a) a 115,500 TPA sponge iron plant and 95,040 TPA billet in the nine months ended December 31, 2020; (b) an iron pellet plant of 600,000 TPA, a sponge iron plant of 99,000 TPA, a billet plant of 168,960 TPA, a TMT plant of 106,992 TPA, a wire rod plant of 200,000 TPA and a captive power plant of 30 MW in Fiscal 2020; and (c) a ferro alloy plant of 14,000 TPA in Fiscal 2019. For further information in relation to our capacity expansions, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters - Major events and milestones of our Company_ ” on page 159. We intend to further increase our installed metal capacities (comprising of intermediate and final products from 5.71 MTPA, as of December 31, 2020, to 11.60 MTPA, by undertaking certain major expansion plans. In addition, we also propose to increase our captive power plants aggregate installed capacity from 227 MW, as of December 31, 2020, to 357 MW. These proposed expansions are expected to become operational between Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2025. For further information, see “ _Our Business — Our Strategies – Continue to increase our manufacturing capacities_ ” on page 136. These expansion projects, to the extent that they proceed, would involve risks, including risks associated with the timely completion of these projects, and our failure to adequately manage these risks notwithstanding our upgraded operational and financial systems, procedures and controls could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Factors that could affect our ability to complete these projects on time or at all, include completing the project / civil construction, receiving financing as per the proposed expansion plan, financing terms not being reasonable, receiving the machineries of desired quality and on scheduled time, obtaining or renewing required regulatory approvals and licenses, a decline in demand for our products and general economic conditions. 

Further, our expansion plans include the proposal to establish new ductile pipe plant, blast furnace and aluminum foil rolling mill. We have limited experience in manufacturing and sale of pig iron, ductile pipes and aluminum foil there can be no assurance that we will be successful in operating and integrating the blast furnace, ductile pipe plant or aluminum foil rolling mill with our existing operations and be able to generate returns. If we are unable to establish ourselves or achieve profitability in the pig iron, aluminum foil and ductile pipe business, our business condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

Our expansion plans and business growth could strain our managerial, operational and financial resources. Our ability to manage future growth will depend on our ability to continue to implement and improve operational, financial and management information systems on a timely basis and to attract, expand, train, motivate, retain and manage our workforce. We cannot assure you that our personnel, systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support our future growth. 

26 

Failure to effectively manage our expansion may lead to increased costs and reduced profitability and may adversely affect our growth prospects. Any of these factors may cause us to delay, modify or forego some or all aspects of our expansion plans. Further, there can be no assurance that we will be able to execute our strategies on time and within the budget estimated by the Company. In addition, our expansion plans have not been appraised by any independent or third party agency, and accordingly, in the absence of such independent appraisal, our expansion plans may be subject to change based on various factors which are beyond our control. 

# **_10. We are subject to certain restrictive covenants in our financing arrangements which may limit operational and financial flexibility, and failure to comply with these covenants may have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our Company and SSPL, our Subsidiary, have availed term loans and working capital facilities in the ordinary course of business, for the purpose of capital expenditure, purchase raw materials, packing material, stores, spares and services required for day-to-day operations. As of December 31, 2020, our total fund and non-fund based outstanding indebtedness amounted to ₹ 11,563.99 million. Certain of our financing arrangements include covenants to maintain certain debt to equity ratios, debt coverage ratios and certain other liquidity and profitability ratios. For further information, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 323. There can be no assurance that maintaining, or adhering to, such covenants will not hinder business development and growth. In the event that we breach any covenants under our financing arrangements or requisite consents/waivers cannot be obtained, the outstanding amounts due under such financing agreements could become due and payable immediately. A default under one of these financing agreements may also result in cross-defaults under other financing agreements and result in the outstanding amounts under such financing agreements becoming due and payable immediately. Defaults under one or more of our financing agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

Some of our financing agreements and debt arrangements set limits on or require us to obtain lender consents before, among other things, undertaking certain projects, issuing new securities, availing additional funding, changing our business, merging, consolidating, selling significant assets or making certain acquisitions or investments. In addition, certain covenants may limit our ability to raise incremental debt or to provide collateral. For further information, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 323. While we have in the past been able to obtain required lender consents for undertaking such activities (including in relation to the Offer), there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such consents in the future in a timely manner or at all. If our financial or growth plans require such consents, and such consents are not obtained or other condition or covenant under our financing agreements is not waived by the lender, we may be forced to forgo or alter our plans, which could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

For instance, we propose to utilise the Net Proceeds from the Offer for repayment/ pre-payment, in full or part, of certain borrowings availed by our Company and SSPL, our Subsidiary, and other general corporate purposes. Our Company and SSPL may be subject to certain prepayment penalty or pre-payment charges. For further information of the proposed objects of the Offer, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 81. 

# **_11. Our business operations are being conducted on owned and leased premises. Our inability to seek renewal or extension of such leases may materially affect our business operations. Further, any failure or delay in the acquisition of land or an inability to acquire land at acceptable costs or on commercially reasonable terms may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business operations, including manufacturing plants, are being conducted on premises which are partly owned by us or leased from third parties, and maybe encumbered, and we may continue to enter into such transactions in future. Further, while each of the leases for the locations of our manufacturing plants are long term leases, certain portions of land on which our Jamuria manufacturing plant is located is owned by a Promoter Group entity and there is no formal relationship/arrangement for use of this land. We also have liaison offices at Bhubaneshwar and Bhadrak which we have taken on a leasehold basis, and the lease for our Bhubaneshwar liaison office has expired on July 31, 2019, and not been renewed as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. Some of these agreements are inadequately stamped. We cannot assure you that we will continue to be able to renew the lease at favourable terms or at all. Given that some of our business operations are conducted on premises leased from third parties, any adverse impact on, or deficiency in, the title, ownership rights or development rights of the owners from whose premises we operate, breach of the contractual terms of any lease or leave and license agreements, or any inability to renew such agreements on acceptable terms or at all may materially affect our business operations. 

Further, we may require additional amount of land for the purposes of operating our manufacturing plants and future expansion plans. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to identify or acquire adequate land either on a freehold or leasehold basis, or that land acquisitions will be completed in a timely manner, at acceptable costs and/or on commercially reasonable terms, without opposition, or at all. The cost of acquiring land on a freehold or leasehold basis for our manufacturing plants may be higher than we estimated and is subject to a number of factors, including the type of land being acquired, market prices, the level of economic development in the area where the land is located and government regulations pertaining to the price of land, among others. In addition, we may face significant opposition to the construction of our 

27 

manufacturing plants from local communities, tribes, non-government organizations and other parties. Such opposition or circumstances may be beyond our control. If we are unable to acquire the required amount of land for our manufacturing plants, the viability and efficiency of such projects may be affected. In addition, any inability to complete the acquisition of the necessary land in a timely manner may cause construction delays. The occurrence of any such event could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future business prospects. 

# **_12. Our manufacturing plants and sources of our raw materials are primarily concentrated in eastern India and any adverse developments affecting this region could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we own and operate three manufacturing plants located in the states of West Bengal and Odisha and we procure our raw materials such as iron ore, iron ore fines, coal, pig iron, manganese ore, chrome ore and coke from these states. We are also in the process of commissioning an aluminium foil rolling mill at Pakuria in West Bengal. Further, a portion of our revenue from sale of manufactured products is also derived from the eastern region of India. In Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, and the nine months ended December 31, 2020, revenue from sale of manufactured products from the eastern region of India accounted for 29.12%, 49.75%, 35.04% and 34.47%, respectively, of our total revenue from sale of manufactured products. Any materially adverse social, political or economic development, natural calamities, civil disruptions, or changes in the policies of the central or state government or local governments in the eastern region of India could adversely affect, amongst others, manufacturing operations and transport operations, and require a modification of our business strategy, or require us to incur significant capital expenditure or suspend our operations. Any such adverse development affecting continuing operations at our manufacturing plans could result in significant loss due to an inability to meet customer contracts and production schedules, which could materially affect our business reputation within the industry. While there has been no material impact of natural disasters on the assets of our Company in the past, the occurrence of, or our inability to effectively respond to, any such events or effectively manage the competition in the region, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future business prospects. 

# **_13. We are required to pay liquidated damages to some of our suppliers of coal and chrome ore in the event we do not lift a specified percentage of the annual contracted capacity._** 

Our manufacturing plants primarily acquire coal from Mahanadi Coalfields Limited, Central Coalfields Limited and South Eastern Coalfields Limited pursuant to various fuel supply agreements. Under the fuel supply agreements, we are obligated to offtake between 75% of the annual contracted capacity failing which we are required to pay compensation or liquidated damages to Mahanadi Coalfields Limited, Central Coalfields Limited and South Eastern Coalfields Limited (as the case maybe). Further, we are obligated to offtake atleast 90% of the annual contracted capacity of the chrome ore from Odisha Mining Corporation Limited, failing which we are required to pay damages equivalent to 5% of the entire sale value of the allotted quantity. We have, in the past, faced instances where we were required to pay liquidated damages for noncompliances with such obligations. In Fiscals 2018, 2019, 2020, liquidated damages aggregating to ₹ 5.46 million, ₹ 0.08 million and ₹ 0.90 million, respectively, have been levied on us. Any payment of liquidated damages may have an effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_14. Our inability to expand or effectively manage our distributors or any disruptions in our distribution network may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We rely largely on our distributors to sell certain final products such as TMT bars, structural products, wire rods and pipes to our end consumers. As of December 31, 2020, we had partnerships with 42 distributors, who stock and sell our finished products across 13 states and one union territory. We sell our intermediate products through brokers. We have not entered into any definitive agreements with such brokers for the sale of intermediate products. Our ability to expand and grow our product reach significantly depends on the reach and effective management of our distribution network. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully identify or appoint new distributors, maintain relationship with our brokers or effectively manage our existing distribution network. Any one of the following events could cause fluctuations or declines in our revenue and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations: 

- failure to renew agreements with distributors; 

- failure to maintain relationships with our existing distributors or brokers; 

- failure to establish relationships with new distributors or brokers on favorable terms; 

- inability to timely identify and appoint additional or replacement distributors upon the loss of one or more of our distributors or brokers; 

- reduction, delay or cancellation of orders from one or more of our distributors or brokers; 

- disruption in delivering of our products by distributors; and 

28 

- inability to collect full or partial payments from distributors. 

We may not be able to compete successfully against larger and better-funded distribution networks of some of our current or future competitors, especially if these competitors provide their distributors or brokers with more favorable arrangements. If the terms offered to such distributors, brokers or agents by our competitors are more favourable than those offered by us, our distributors, brokers or agents may decline to distribute/ sell our products or push competitors’ products and terminate their arrangements with us. Additionally, our distributors and brokers are not exclusive to us and also stock and sell products of multiple manufacturers, who could be our competitors. We cannot assure you that we will not lose any of our distributors or brokers to our competitors, which could cause us to lose some or all of our favorable arrangements with such distributors or brokers and may result in the termination of our relationships with other distributors or brokers. 

Alternately, if our distributors or brokers are not able to maintain a strong network of distribution or effectively distribute/ sell our products, our products may not attain as much reach as our competitors in the market and we may lose market share which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

# **_15. Developments in the competitive environment in the steel industry, such as consolidation among our competitors, could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position and hence our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects._** 

We believe that the key competitive factors affecting our business include product quality, capacity creation and utilization, changes in manufacturing technology, workforce skill and productivity, operating costs, pricing power with large buyers, access to funding, the degree of regulation and access to a regular supply of raw materials. We cannot assure prospective investors that we will be able to compete effectively against our current or emerging competitors with respect to each of these key competitive factors. In the past, there have been instances of consolidation among our competitors. Competition from global steel producers with expanded production capacities and new market entrants could result in significant price competition, declining margins and a reduction in revenue. For example, these companies may be able to negotiate preferential prices for certain products or receive discounted prices for bulk purchases of certain raw materials that may not be available to us. Further, changes in India’s debt restructuring and insolvency laws, including the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, has lead to consolidation among our competitors. In addition, our competitors may have lower leverage and/ or access to cheaper sources of funding. Larger competitors may also use their resources, which may be greater than ours, against us in a variety of ways, including by making additional acquisitions, investing more aggressively in product development and capacity and displacing demand for our export products. The market is still highly fragmented, and if the trend towards consolidation continues, we could be placed in a disadvantageous competitive position relative to other steel producers and our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, a variety of known and unknown events could have a material adverse impact on our ability to compete. 

# **_16. Failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations by us could lead to unforeseen environmental litigation which could impact our business and our future net earnings._** 

We are subject to various national, state, municipal and local laws and regulations concerning environmental protection in India, including laws addressing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of any hazardous substances, and wastes and the clean-up of contaminated sites. Environmental laws and regulations in India are becoming more stringent, and the scope and extent of new environmental regulations, including their effect on our operations, cannot be predicted with any certainty. In case of any change in environmental or pollution regulations, we may be required to further invest in, among other things, environmental monitoring, pollution control equipment, and emissions management. Further, any violation of the environmental laws and regulations may result in fines, criminal sanctions, revocation of operating permits, or shutdown of our manufacturing plants. Further, we are subject to a litigation in connection with compliance with safety standards and the rules and regulations relating to the health of employees. For details, please see “ _Outstanding Litigation and other Material Developments – Litigation against our Company – Outstanding material civil litigations_ ” on page 328. We may be subject to such similar litigations in the future as well, the outcome of which may have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 

Additionally, during the course of our business operations, we have in the past received certain notices and intimations from concerned state pollution control boards. These notices and intimations require us to _inter alia_ observe compliance with orders or directions of the authority, submit documents and reports stated therein, submit bank guarantees and also direct temporary closure of certain units of our manufacturing plants. These orders and directions are either industry general or relate specifically to us. Our Company received certain notices from the Pollution Control Board, Odisha noting certain noncompliances with environmental laws and calling upon us to _inter alia_ rectify the same and submit a bank guarantee for ₹ 3.50 million. As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has responded to all such notices stating compliance with the aforementioned directions and have not received any replies from the concerned authorities commencing regulatory action in relation to such notices, except as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus. For information regarding regulatory action commenced against our Company, please see “ _Outstanding Litigation and other Material Developments – Actions initiated by regulatory or statutory authorities_ ” on page 326. We cannot assure you that no action will be taken by such authorities against us in the future. 

29 

As a consequence of unanticipated regulatory or other developments, future environmental and regulatory related expenditures may vary substantially from those currently anticipated. We cannot assure you that our costs of complying with current and future environmental laws and other regulations will not adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, we could incur substantial costs, our products could be restricted from entering certain markets, and we could face other sanctions, if we were to violate or become liable under environmental laws or if our products become non-compliant with applicable regulations. Our potential exposure includes fines and civil or criminal sanctions, third-party property damage or personal injury claims and clean-up costs. The amount and timing of costs under environmental laws are difficult to predict. For further information, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies in India_ ” on page 151. 

# **_17. Our business is substantially affected by prevailing economic, political and other prevailing conditions in India and globally._** 

Our Company and Subsidiaries are incorporated in India, and our manufacturing operations are located in India. Further, we have a customer base in India and globally. Our business and results of operations have been and continue to be affected by international, national and regional economic conditions. Unfavourable economic conditions in India or any of our key markets could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. As a result, we are highly dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India and the other key markets and our results of operations and cash flows are significantly affected by factors influencing the economy in these countries. Factors that may adversely affect the economy in such countries, and hence our results of operations and cash flows, may include: 

- any adverse change in the growth rate of the global economy; 

- any increase in interest rates or inflation; 

- any exchange rate fluctuations; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions and scarcity of financing for our expansions; 

- prevailing income conditions among consumers and corporates; 

- volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, the relevant market’s principal stock exchanges; 

- changes in tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies, including import restrictions; 

- political instability, terrorism or military conflict in the region or globally, including in various neighbouring countries; 

- occurrence of natural or man-made disasters; 

- prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in the relevant country’s principal export markets; 

- any downgrading of debt rating by a domestic or international rating agency; 

- instability in financial markets; and 

- other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting the relevant country. 

In particular, rates of economic growth have significant impacts on our consumers of steel and intermediate products, such as the automotive, infrastructure and the construction industries and declines in steel consumption caused by poor or unfavorable economic conditions in one or more of our major markets or by the deterioration of the financial condition of our key customers would have a material adverse effect on demand for our products and hence on our business and results of operations. 

# **_18. A certain amount of our revenue is generated from certain key customers, and the loss of one or more such customers, the deterioration of their financial condition or prospects, or a reduction in their demand for our products could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We are dependent on a limited number of customers for a certain portion of our revenues. In Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, and in the nine months ended December 31, 2020, our top 10 customers represented 26.10%, 24.52%, 22.36% and 15.57%, respectively, of our total revenues from operations in such periods, while our largest customer represented 4.00%, 4.56%, 3.73% and 2.31%, respectively, of our total revenues from operations in Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, and in the nine months ended December 31, 2020, respectively. There can be no assurance that our significant customers in the past will continue to place similar orders with us in the future. A significant decrease in business from any such key customer, whether due to circumstances specific to such customer or adverse market conditions affecting the steel industry or the economic 

30 

environment generally, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our reliance on a select group of customers may also constrain our ability to negotiate our arrangements, which may have an impact on our profit margins and financial performance. The deterioration of the financial condition or business prospects of these customers could reduce their requirement of our products and result in a significant decrease in the revenues we derive from these customers. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain historic levels of business from our significant customers, or that we will be able to significantly reduce customer concentration in the future. In addition, our revenues may be adversely affected if there is an adverse change in any of our customers supply chain strategies or a reduction in their outsourcing of products we offer, or if our customers decide to choose our competitors over us or if there is a significant reduction in the volume of our business with such customers. The loss of one or more of our significant customers or a reduction in the amount of business we obtain from them could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# **_19. Our operations could be adversely affected by strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees or any other kind of disputes with our employees._** 

As of December 31, 2020, we had a workforce of 11,457 personnel comprised 5,841 permanent employees and 5,616 contract employees for our operations. Although we have not experienced any work stoppages due to labour disputes or cessation of work in the recent past, we cannot assure you that we will not experience disruptions in work due to disputes or other problems with our work force, which may adversely affect our ability to continue our business operations. Further, our employees are not unionised into any labour or workers’ unions and have not experienced any major work stoppages due to labour disputes or cessation of work in the last three years. Any labour unrest directed against us, could directly or indirectly prevent or hinder our normal operating activities, and, if not resolved in a timely manner, could lead to disruptions in our operations. These actions are improbable for us to forecast or control and any such event could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_20. If we do not continue to invest in new technologies and equipment, our technologies and equipment may become obsolete and our cost of processing may increase relative to our competitors, which may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We believe that going forward, our profitability and competitiveness will depend in large part on our ability to maintain low cost of operations, including our ability to process and supply sufficient quantities of our products as per the agreed specifications. If we are unable to respond or adapt to changing trends and standards in technologies and equipment, or otherwise adapt our technologies and equipment to changes in market conditions or requirements, in a timely manner and at a reasonable cost, we may not be able to compete effectively and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. In addition, our Company regularly follows process improvements as part of our manufacturing process to achieve optimum production and to improve productivity from our existing facilities. Expenditure towards such activities is debited under respective heads of expenditure or is capitalised in case of upgradation / replacement. Accordingly, our Company is unable to provide details of R&D expenses as a percentages of revenue in the past three financial years. 

# **_21. We do not have long-term agreements with our customers which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our product offerings cater to a mix of customers that consist of institutional customers and end-use consumers through our distribution network. Though we have had repeat orders from customers and have developed relationships with certain customers, we do not typically enter into long-term contracts with our customers. In the absence of long-term contracts, there can be no assurance that our existing customers will continue to purchase our products that may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We are also exposed to risks of lower sales volume or lower price realization on such volumes depending on prevailing market conditions, as a result of such short-term arrangements. Our relationship with our customers are therefore dependent to a large extent on our ability to regularly meet customer requirements, including price competitiveness, efficient and timely product deliveries, and consistent product quality. In the event we are unable to meet such requirements in the future, it may result in decrease in orders or cessation of business from affected customers and agents. Further, the deterioration of the financial condition or business prospects of these customers could reduce their requirement for our products and could result in a significant decline in the revenues we derive from such customers. 

# **_22. Our Company has applied for registration of the trademark in relation to our name and corporate logo. Until such registrations are granted, we may not be able to prevent unauthorised use of such trademarks by third parties, which may lead to the dilution of our goodwill and adversely affect our business. An inability to protect, strengthen and enhance our existing brand for our products could adversely affect our business prospects and financial performance._** 



We have made various trademark registrations applications for, amongst others, our corporate logo, 

, and the 

31 

“SEL HERO” and “SEL TIGER” wordmarks, under various classes, with the Registrar of Trademarks in India under the Trade Marks Act, 1999. There can be no assurance that our trademark applications will be accepted and the trademarks will be registered. Pending the registration of these trademarks, we may have a lesser recourse to initiate legal proceedings to protect our private labels. However, we may have to incur additional cost in relation to this. In the event we are not able to obtain registrations due to opposition by third parties or if any injunctive or other adverse order is issued against us in respect of any of our trademarks for which we have applied for registration, we may not be able to avail the legal protection or prevent unauthorised use of such trademarks by third parties, which may adversely affect our goodwill and business. For further details in relation to the trademark applications made by our Company and Material Subsidiary, please see the section entitled “ _Government Approvals – Intellectual Property - Trademarks_ ” on page 337. Moreover, we are also currently subject to a litigation in connection with the usage of the trade mark/ trade name “ _Shyam_ ” pursuant to which Shyam Steel Industries Limited has sought an injunction restraining us from using their registered trade mark “ _Shyam_ ”. This matter is currently pending before the Supreme Court of India. For details, please see “ _Outstanding Litigation and other Material Developments – Litigation against our Company – Outstanding material civil litigations_ ” on page 328. We may be subject to such similar litigations in the future as well, the outcome of which may have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 



Further, our TMT and structural products are sold under the brand ‘ _SEL_ ’ and logo . Accordingly, our business reputation and brand under which we sell our products, are critical to the success of our business. While we have been making consistent efforts to strengthen our brand, various factors, some of which are beyond our control, are critical for maintaining and enhancing our brand, and if not managed properly, may negatively affect our brand and reputation. These include our ability to effectively manage the quality of our products; increase brand awareness among existing and potential customers, dealers and distributors; adapt our advertising and promotion efforts to emerging industry standards; and protect the intellectual property related to our brand. Further, there can be no assurance that our advertising or marketing efforts will be successful in maintaining our brand and its perception with dealers and/ or result in increased sales in the future. Our inability to adapt to evolving marketing trends at the same pace as our competitors may adversely affect our ability to effectively compete in terms of our brand equity. In addition, our reputation and brands could also be affected by socially motivated groups, which could lead to a decline in our sales volume. 

# **_23. If we are unable to establish and maintain an effective system of internal controls and compliances our business and reputation could be adversely affected._** 

We manage regulatory compliance by monitoring and evaluating our internal controls, and ensuring that we are in compliances with all relevant statutory and regulatory requirements. There can be no assurance that deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise in future, or that we will be able to implement, or continue to maintain, adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any deficiencies in our internal control. Any inability on our part to adequately detect, rectify any deficiencies in our internal controls may adversely impact our ability to accurately report, or successfully manage, our financial risks and to avoid frauds. For instance, we had made inadvertent mistakes in certain return of allotments filed with the RoC for allotment of shares of our Company, and there have been delays in filing forms for certain of our allotments. As we continue to grow, there can be no assurance that there will be no other instances of such inadvertent non-compliances with statutory requirements, which may subject us to regulatory action, including monetary penalties, which may adversely affect our business and reputation. For example, in 2004, our Subsidiary, SSPL made an allotment of 766,000 equity shares of face value of Rs. 10 each to 61 allottees, in violation of Section 67(3) of the Companies Act, 1956.  Thereafter in 2018, SSPL offered an exit opportunity to our Company as its then existing shareholder as per applicable law. Upon completion of the exit offer process, and filing of required forms with the RoC, SSPL filed a compounding application with the National Company Law Tribunal, Kolkata Bench on November 28, 2018 under Section 621A of the Companies Act, 1956 and Section 441 of the Companies Act, 2013, for compounding of the said violation of Section 67(3) of the Companies Act, 1956. The application is still pending before NCLT and we cannot assure you that SSPL will not be subject to any penalty or be subject to any other liability under the Companies Act. 

# **_24. Our manufacturing plants are subject to various operating risks._** 

Our operations are inherently risky and requires individuals to work under potentially high risk circumstances. For example, if improperly handled, molten metal can cause personal injury or loss of life of employees or other persons, and cause damage to our properties and the properties of others and the imposition of civil or criminal liabilities. We could also face claims and litigation filed on behalf of persons alleging injury as a result of occupational exposure to hazards at our facilities. 

# **_25. We have in the past not complied with the corporate social responsibility requirements under the Companies Act, 2013._** 

Companies meeting certain financial thresholds are also required to constitute a committee of the board of directors for corporate social responsibility activities and ensure that at least 2% of the average profit/(loss) before tax of the company during three immediately preceding financial years are utilized for corporate social responsibility activities. Penalties for instances of non-compliance have been prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013, which may result in inter alia, our Company, Directors and Key Managerial Employees being subject to such penalties and formal actions as prescribed under the Companies Act, 2013. For instance, we were required to spend ₹ 89.38 million in Fiscal 2020; however, we spent ₹ 66.66 

32 

million towards our corporate social responsibility activities in such period which is less than the prescribed amount under the Companies Act, 2013. We cannot assure you that no penalties will be imposed on us or our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel regarding such non-compliance in the future, the costs of which may be significant, and which may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and reputation. 

# **_26. Product liability claims could adversely affect our operations._** 

We sell our long steel products (intermediate products) and ferro alloys to major manufacturers who are engaged to sell a wide range of end products. If the quality of our long steel products (intermediate products) and ferro alloys do not meet the specifications of the order or the requirements of the application, there may be significant disruptions to the customer’s production lines. There could be, as a result of such quality failure, significant consequential damages resulting from the use of such products. We do not currently carry any product liability insurance coverage, and a major claim for damages related to products sold could leave us uninsured against a portion or the entire award and, as a result, materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. For instance, our Subsidiary, SSPL, received a notice from the Bureau of Indian Standards (“ **BIS** ”) dated January 25, 2013 seizing certain articles pursuant to a search and seizure conducted at the premises of SSPL for allegedly misusing a BIS mark on a different item from the item it was authorised for. Another notice dated January 30, 2013 was received from the BIS _inter alia_ stating that due to misuse of an ISI mark, it was decided to put the BIS license under “stop marking” with immediate effect, and hence preventing SSPL from marking or dispatching any product with the said ISI mark, and calling upon SSPL to deposit ₹ 3,371 (Rupees Three Thousand Three Hundred and Seventy One Rupees Only) towards special inspection charges (collectively, “ **Notices** ”). By letter dated February 26, 2013, SSPL has responded to the notice dated January 30, 2013 _inter alia_ submitting the relevant documents and confirming compliance with the conditions mentioned in the Notices. Subsequently, a criminal complaint has been filed by the Bureau of Indian Standards (“ **Complainant** ”) against our Subsidiary, SSPL, before the Court of the Chief Judicial Magistrate at Burdwan, under Section 33(1) of the Bureau of Indian Standards Act, for violation of Section 11(1) of the Bureau of Indian Standards Act on the grounds that SSPL had manufactured certain items without mandatory certification. For further information, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 326. 

# **_27. A shortage or non-availability of essential utilities such as electricity and water could affect our manufacturing operations and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business operations are heavily dependent on continuous supply of electricity and water which are critical to our manufacturing operations. While our power requirements are met through our captive power plants and through power supply agreements with India Power Corporation Limited, Damodar Valley Corporation and WESCO, we cannot assure you that these will be sufficient and, or, that we will not face a shortage of electricity despite these arrangements. Further, while water is procured through a captive reservoir, river and municipal corporation, any shortage or non-availability of water or electricity could result in temporary shut-down of a part, or all, of our operations at the location experiencing such shortage. For further information pertaining to a pending approval in respect of ground water usage, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” and for details of liabilities towards water charges, see “ _Restated Financial Statements – Annexure V – Note 23 – Other Non-Current Liabilities_ ” on pages 336 and 260, respectively. Such shut-downs could, particularly if they are for prolonged periods, have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_28. Our efforts to ensure high capacity utilization in our plants may result in oversupply of our products which may adversely affect our profitability_** 

Our competitiveness and long-term profitability are, to a significant degree, dependent upon our ability to optimize capacity utilization and maintain low-cost and efficient production relative to competitors. Due to the high fixed costs related to steel production, steel producers generally attempt to maintain high capacity utilization rates in order to maintain their profitability. However, any excess capacity often results in manufacturers selling significant amounts of steel and steel products at prices that are at or below their costs of production. In addition, oversupply may result in decreased steel prices as well as lower utilization rate. Further, during periods of declining demand, this may result in a significant oversupply of steel and a corresponding decline in steel prices. This may be further exacerbated by reduced levels of GDP growth and government policies in major economies, including China and the United States. Continued low utilization rates would also affect our fixed costs, which cannot be fully reduced in line with production, leading to a higher per unit cost. A decrease in our utilization rate could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_29. We face substantial competition, both from Indian and international steel producers, which may affect our prospects._** 

The Indian steel industry is highly competitive. Our primary competitors include Jindal Steel and Power Limited, Tata Steel Limited, Steel Authority of India Limited, JSW Steel Limited, Kalyani Steel Limited and Prakash Industries ( _Source: CRISIL Report_ ). As a manufacturer of long steel products and ferro alloy products, we compete to varying degrees with other Indian steel and ferro alloy manufacturers. 

Competing domestic steel and ferro alloy producers have increased their manufacturing capacity and we expect domestic competition to further intensify with the ramping up of new manufacturing plants by these competitors. Some of our domestic 

33 

competitors may possess an advantage over us due to various reasons, such as captive raw material sources, greater economies of scale, integrated manufacturing plants, specialization in production of value-added or niche products, stronger distribution network and greater presence in certain markets. Maintaining or increasing our market share will depend on effective marketing initiatives and our ability to anticipate and respond to various competitive factors affecting the industry, including our ability to improve our manufacturing process and techniques, introduce new products, respond to pricing strategies of our competitors, and adapt to changes in technology and changes in customer preferences. Failure by us to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We also expect increasing competition from international steel and ferro alloy producers due to the increasing consolidation in the steel industry worldwide. A number of our international competitors may have greater financial and other resources and some have announced plans to establish manufacturing operations in India. We may also face competition from new companies that are emerging which may attempt to obtain a share in our existing markets. These factors, among others, have intensified the competition from global steel and ferro alloy players and there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against our existing or potential competitors or that increased competition with respect to our activities may not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_30. Our business is seasonal in nature and therefore our results of operations for any quarter in a given year may not, therefore, be comparable with other quarters in that year._** 

Demand  for  our  products  is  seasonal  as  climatic  conditions,  particularly  the  monsoon,  affect  the  level  of  activity in  the construction industry. As a result, we usually experience relatively weaker sales volume during the monsoon, and somewhat stronger sales in other seasons. We expect our results of operations will continue to be affected by seasonality in the future. Our  results  of  operations  for  any  quarter  in  a  given  year  may  not,  therefore,  be  comparable  with  other quarters  in  that  year. 

# **_31. We face numerous protective trade restrictions, including anti-dumping laws, countervailing duties and tariffs, which could adversely affect our revenue from exports._** 

Protectionist measures, including anti-dumping laws, countervailing duties and tariffs and government subsidization adopted or currently contemplated by governments in some of our export markets could adversely affect our sales from exports. While there have been no sanctions / penalties imposed by any foreign country which have had a material impact on our Company in the last three financial years, in the event any antidumping duty proceedings or any resulting penalties or any other form of import restrictions are imposed upon us, it may limit our access to export markets for our products, and in the future additional markets could be closed to us as a result of similar proceedings, thereby adversely impacting our sales from exports or limiting our opportunities for growth. 

Tariffs are often driven by local political pressure in a particular country and therefore there can be no assurance that quotas or tariffs will not be imposed on us in the future. In the event that such protective trade restrictions are imposed on us, our exports could decline. Further, a decrease in exports from India or an increase in steel imports to India as a result of protective trade restrictions could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_32. Our inability to collect receivables and default in payment from our dealers and distributors could result in reduced profits and affect our cash flows._** 

In our sales through dealers in India, we strive to operate on immediate payment terms, and at times with partial or no advance payment terms, but there is no guarantee that our dealers will not default on their payments. We extend credit periods to our dealers and we cannot guarantee that our dealers will not default on their payments which might adversely affect our profits margins and cash flows. An inability to collect receivables from our dealers in a timely manner or at all, could adversely affect our working capital cycle, and cash flow. In Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020 and in the nine months ended December 31, 2020, our trade receivables were ₹ 3,687.15 million, ₹ 2,129.06 million, ₹ 2,590.18 million and ₹ 2,436.86 million, respectively. Further, in Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020 and in the nine months ended December 31, 2020, we had written off ₹ 126.80 million, ₹ 75.29 million, ₹ 7.12 million and ₹ 16.68 million, respectively, in relation to non-collection of payment from dealers, distributors and customers, and such non-collections are not in relation to payments from our Subsidiaries, related parties and group companies. 

Macroeconomic conditions could also result in financial difficulties, including insolvency or bankruptcy, for our customers, and as a result could cause customers/ distributors to delay payments to us, request modifications to their payment arrangements, that could increase our receivables or affect our working capital requirements. We are currently involved in various litigations in connections with the aforesaid. For details, please see “ _Outstanding Litigation and other Material Developments – Litigation by our Company – Outstanding criminal proceedings_ ” and “ _Outstanding Litigation and other Material Developments – Litigation by our Company – Outstanding material civil litigations_ ” on pages 328 and 329, respectively. Any such increase in our receivable turnover days will negatively affect our business. 

**_33. A reduction in import duties on steel products in India may lead to increased competition from foreign companies, reduce_** 

34 

# **_our market share and reduce margins on our products._** 

The Union Budget 2021-22 has provided various proposals, including the reduction of import duty on finished and semifinished products to 7.5% from approximately 10% to 12.5% ( _Source: CRISIL Report_ ). The import duty, along with lower freight costs and, in some countries, higher labour costs, have allowed domestic manufacturers to enjoy a significant price advantage over imported steel products in the domestic Indian market. However, any policy change by the Government, resulting in a reduction in import duties may assert downward pressure on our margins and prices. 

Reductions in import duties and lower priced imports from countries that benefit from bilateral or multilateral trade agreements with India may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_34. We derive a portion of our revenues from exports to a limited number of markets and any adverse developments in these markets or inability to enter into new markets could adversely affect our business._** 

In Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020, and the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2020, revenue generated from exports accounted for 18.19%, 17.34%, 9.65%, 9.69% and 11.19%, respectively, of our revenue from operations in such periods. We have derived a portion of such revenues from exports to limited number of markets, amongst others, Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh, China, Japan and Dubai. Our revenues from these markets may decline as a result of increased competition, regulatory action, pricing pressures, fluctuations in the demand for or supply of our products or services, or the outbreak of an infectious disease, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Our failure to effectively react to these situations or to successfully introduce new products or services in these markets or enter into new markets could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_35. Competition from other materials or changes in the products or manufacturing processes of customers that use our steel products, could reduce market prices and demand for steel products and thereby reduce our cash flow and profitability._** 

In many applications, steel competes with other materials that may be used as substitutes, such as aluminum (particularly in the automobile industry), cement, composites, glass, plastic and wood. Government regulatory initiatives mandating or creating incentives for the use of such materials in lieu of steel, whether for environmental or other reasons, as well as the development of other new substitutes for steel products, could significantly reduce market prices and demand for steel products and thereby reduce our cash flow and profitability. 

In addition, the steel market is characterized by evolving technology standards that require improved quality, changing customer specifications and wide fluctuations in product supply and demand. The products or manufacturing processes of the customers that use our steel products may change from time to time due to improved technologies or product enhancements. These changes may require us to develop new products and enhancements for our existing products to keep pace with evolving industry standards and changing customer requirements. If we cannot keep pace with market changes and produce steel products that meet our customers’ specifications and quality standards in a timely and cost-effective manner, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be materially adversely affected. 

# **_36. Insurance coverage obtained by us may not adequately protect us against unforeseen losses._** 

We maintain insurance coverage in accordance with industry standards that we believe is adequate for our operations. Our insurance policies, however, may not provide adequate coverage in certain circumstances and are subject to certain deductibles, exclusions and limits on coverage. We have obtained standard fire and special perils policies for our Sambalpur and Jamuria manufacturing plants, while our Mangalpur plant is covered under an industrial all risk policy which provides for various covers including fire, machinery breakdowns, business interruptions, earthquakes. For our Jamuria manufacturing plant, we have obtained a machinery breakdown insurance policy. We have also obtained marine cargo open policies for our raw materials, finished products, and rotary kiln and cooler along with accessories. Further, we have obtained a fidelity guarantee policy and money insurance for carrying of cash and money in transit. There can however be no assurance that the terms of our insurance policies will be adequate to cover any damage or loss suffered by us or that such coverage will continue to be available on reasonable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or that the insurer will not disclaim coverage as to any future claim. A successful enforcement of one or more claims against us that exceeds our available insurance coverage or changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of a larger deductible or co-insurance requirement, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Further, the total insurance coverage amount of our Company and our Subsidiary, SSPL, was ₹ 27,830.22 million, as of December 31, 2020 and the percentage of coverage of insurance _vis-à-vis_ our total assets calculated as the sum of written down value of property, plant and equipment and inventories was 100.47%, as of December 31, 2020, while the percentage of coverage of insurance _vis-à-vis_ our net worth was 84.71%, as of December 31, 2020 and the percentage of coverage of insurance _vis-à-vis_ our capital employed was 74.44%, as of December 31, 2020. 

# **_37. There are outstanding legal proceedings against our Company, Subsidiaries, Group Companies, Directors and Promoters which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

35 

There are outstanding legal proceedings against our Company, Subsidiaries, Group Companies, Directors and Promoters. These proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals, enquiry officers and appellate tribunals. Such proceedings could divert management time and attention, and consume financial resources in their defence. Further, an adverse judgment in some of these proceedings could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

A summary of the outstanding proceedings against our Company, Subsidiaries, Group Companies, Directors and Promoters as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus, to the extent quantifiable, have been set out below: 

|**Name of Entity**|**Criminal**<br>**proceedings**|**Tax proceedings**|**Statutory or**<br>**regulatory**<br>**proceedings **|**Material civil**<br>**litigation**|**Aggregate amount**<br>**involved (₹ in million)**<sup>*****</sup>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Company**||||||
|Bythe Company|6|Nil|Nil|4|530.86|
|Against the|Nil|27|7|2|963.27|
|Company||||||
|**Directors**||||||
|Bythe Directors|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|-|
|Against the<br>Directors|17|Nil|Nil|Nil|-|
|**Promoters**||||||
|Bythe Promoters|10|Nil|Nil|4|369.74|
|Against the|1|9|Nil|Nil|40.30|
|Promoters (including<br>the individuals<br>Promoters)||||||
|**Subsidiaries**||||||
|Bythe Subsidiaries|16|Nil|Nil|4|2,931.56|
|Against the<br>Subsidiaries|1|50|1|Nil|3,040.07|
|**Total**|**51**|**86**|**8**|**14**|**7,875.80**|



_*To the extent quantifiable._ 

For details in relation to the pending litigation involving our Group Companies that have a material impact on our Company, and for further details of the outstanding litigation proceedings involving the Company, Directors, Promoters and Subsidiaries, please see the section entitled “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” beginning on page 326. 

We cannot provide assurance that these legal proceedings will be decided in our favour. Decisions in such proceedings adverse to our interests may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_38. The success and wide acceptability of our products is largely dependent upon certain quality accreditations which are valid for a limited time period and to maintain an effective quality control system. An inability to ensure the renewal of these quality accreditations in a timely manner or at all may adversely affect our business prospects and financial performance._** 

Our business requires obtaining and maintaining quality certifications and accreditations from independent certification entities. Our Sambalpur and Jamuria manufacturing plants have obtained the ISO 9001:2015 and ISO 14001: 2015 quality certifications. In addition, our Sambalpur manufacturing plant has also obtained the ISO 45001: 2018, while an application has been made for the ISO 45001:2018 certification for our Jamuria manufacturing plant. We have also obtained BIS registrations for, amongst others, structural rolled products, billets and TMT. For further information, see “ _Our Business_ ” and “ _Government and other Approvals_ ” on pages 131 and 336, respectively. Such specifications and standards of quality is an important factor in the success and wide acceptability of our products. If we fail to comply with applicable quality standards or if the relevant accreditation institute or agency declines to certify our products, or if we are otherwise unable to obtain such quality accreditations in the future, within time or at all, our business prospects and financial performance will be materially and adversely affected. 

The quality of our products is critical to the success of our business, and quality depends on the effectiveness of our quality control system, which, in turn, depends on a number of factors, including the design of our system, our quality control training program, and the implementation and application of our quality control policies and guidelines. Any significant failure or deterioration of our quality control system could result in defective or substandard products, which, in turn, may result in delays in the delivery of our products and the need to replace defective or substandard products. As a result, our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

**_39. Inability to obtain, maintain or renew requisite statutory and regulatory permits and approvals for our business operations_** 

36 

# **_could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our operations are subject to extensive government regulation and in respect of our existing operations we are required to obtain and maintain various statutory and regulatory permits, certificates and approvals including various environmental approvals, factories licenses, labour related and tax related approvals. 

We have made applications for various material approvals including applications for renewal as set out below. For instance, we have made an application for renewal of non-objection certificate for ground water usage and an application under the Odisha Fire Prevention and Fire Safety Rules, 2017. 

|**Sr.**<br>**No.**|**Plant**|**Nature of Application**|**Date of Expiry of**<br>**Approval**|**Date of Application**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|1.|Sambalpur|Application for renewal of non-objection<br>certificate for ground water usage for SMEL.|March 26, 2019|January 5, 2021|
|2.|Sambalpur|Application under Odisha Fire Preventon and<br>Fire Safety Rules, 2017|N.A.|April 22, 2019|
|3.|Mangalpur|Application<br>for<br>hazardous<br>waste<br>authorization<br>under<br>the<br>provisions<br>of<br>Hazardous Waste (Management, Handling &<br>Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2008|N.A.|February 26, 2021|



Further, the details of the material approvals which have expired and for which renewal applications are yet to be made are as follows: 

|**Sr.**<br>**No.**|**Plant/Office**|**Nature of Approval**|**Date of Expiry of Approval**|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|SMEL|Certificate for Enlistment from the Kolkata<br>Municipal Corporation (KMC) for the<br>SMEL office at 83, Topsia Road, Kolkata|March 31, 2021|
|2.|SSPL|Certificate for Enlistment from the Kolkata<br>Municipal Corporation (KMC) for the SSPL<br>office at Kolkata.|March 31, 2021|
|3.|Jamuria|Certificate of Registration (trade license no.<br>371/2018-19) from the Jamuria Panchayat<br>Samiti.|March 31, 2021|
|||No Objection Certificate from Hijalgora<br>Gram Panchayat for passing a pipeline<br>through the area of the panchayat.|March 31, 2021|



There can be no assurance that the relevant authorities will issue or rectify such permits or approvals in time or at all. We cannot assure you that such approval will be granted and this may result in delay of our expansions if such approval is not obtained. Failure or delay in obtaining or maintaining or renew the required permits or approvals within applicable time or at all may result in interruption of our operations. Further, the relevant authorities may initiate penal action against us, restrain our operations, close our factories, impose fines/penalties or initiate legal proceedings for our inability to renew/obtain approvals in a timely manner or at all. Consequently, failure or delay to obtain such approvals could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and profitability. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, or suffer disruption in our activities, any of which could adversely affect our business. 

# **_40. A portion of the Net Proceeds may be utilized for repayment or pre-payment of loans taken from Axis Bank Limited, ICICI Bank Limited and State Bank of India, which are affiliates of some of the Book Running Lead Managers_** . 

We propose to repay certain loans obtained from Axis Bank Limited (“ **Axis Bank** ”), ICICI Bank Limited (“ **ICICI Bank** ”), and State Bank of India (“ **SBI** ”) from the Net Proceeds as disclosed in “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 81. Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and SBI are affiliates of Axis, I-Sec and SBICAP, our Book Running Lead Managers, respectively. However, they are not associates of our Company in terms of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Merchant Bankers) Regulations, 1992, as amended (“ **SEBI Merchant Bankers Regulations** ”). Loans and facilities sanctioned to our Company and our Subsidiary, SSPL, by Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and SBI are a part of their normal commercial lending activity and we do not believe that there is any conflict of interest under the SEBI Merchant Bankers Regulations, or any other applicable SEBI rules or regulations. For details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 81. 

**_41. We are dependent on a number of key personnel, including our senior management or people with technical expertise, and the loss of or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations_** 

37 

# **_and financial condition._** 

We are led by our individual Promoters, Mahabir Prasad Agarwal, Brij Bhushan Agarwal and Sanjay Kumar Agarwal, who have several decades, of experience in the steel and ferro alloys industry, and have been instrumental in the growth of our Company. We are dependent on our Directors, senior management and other key personnel with technical expertise for setting our strategic business direction and managing our business. Our Directors and senior management team have extensive experience in the steel industry in India. Our ability to meet continued success and future business challenges depends on our ability to attract, recruit and retain experienced, talented and skilled professionals. Due to the current limited pool of skilled personnel, competition for senior management, commercial and finance professionals in our industry is intense. The loss of the services of our Directors, senior management or other key personnel or our inability to recruit or train a sufficient number of experienced personnel or our inability to manage the attrition levels in different employee categories may have an adverse effect on our financial results and business prospects. The attrition rate of our employees across levels for Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020 was 21.67%, 19.88% and 16.80%, respectively. 

# **_42. We may be required to undertake additional financial risk in respect of our joint venture operations and may have limited ability to enforce our rights in such joint venture operations._** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have no formal arrangement with EMCO Power Limited in relation to our joint venture, Kalinga Energy and Private Limited (“ **KEPL** ”), which is authorised to carry out the business of generating electrical power by conventional, non-conventional methods including coal, gas lignite, oil, bio-mass, waste, thermal, solar, hydel, geo-hydel, wind and tidal waves. Till date, the Material Subsidiary has invested an aggregate amount of ₹ 1.25 million in KEPL towards initial expenses, which have not yet been written off. There can be no assurance that we will not face any issues in respect of the management of KEPL or that we will be able to enforce any rights in respect of our investment in KEPL in the event of any dispute. Further, we may be liable for any breach or inability of our partner to continue with the activities of KEPL, due to financial, legal or other difficulties, which in turn could result in us being required to bear increased and, at times, sole responsibility for the undertaking operations and therefore a greater share of the financial risk. In the event that a claim, arbitration award or judgment is awarded against the joint-venture or the consortium, we may be responsible to the client for the entire claim, irrespective of whether or not we are indemnified by our consortium partner. 

# **_43. We may not be able to derive the expected benefits of the deployment of the Net Proceeds, in a timely manner, or at all._** 

Our Company intends to use a certain portion of the Net Proceeds for the purposes of repayment/ prepayment in full or in part, of certain of the borrowings availed by our Company and SSPL, our Subsidiary and balance portion for General corporate purposes (provided however, that the amount for general corporate purposes shall not exceed 25% of the gross proceeds of the Fresh Issue). 

The details in this regard have been disclosed in the section “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 81. While the utilisation of Net Proceeds for repayment / prepayment of the borrowings, in full or in part, would help us to reduce our cost of debt and enable the utilisation of our funds for further investment in business growth and expansion, these objects will not result in the creation of any tangible assets for our Company and SSPL, our Subsidiary. Further, while a certain portion of the Net Proceeds of the Offer would be utilized to repay/pre-pay any of the loans availed by SSPL, the proportion of deployment of the Net Proceeds into SSPL in equity and /or debt has not been finalized as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_44. Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds of the Offer have not been appraised by a bank or a financial institution and if there are any delays or cost overruns, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

We intend to use the Net Proceeds for the purposes described in “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 81. The objects of the Offer have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. Whilst a monitoring agency will be appointed for monitoring utilisation of the Net Proceeds, the proposed utilisation of Net Proceeds is based on current conditions, internal management estimates based on the terms of our current financing documents and are subject to changes in external circumstances or costs, or in other financial condition, business or strategy, as discussed further below. Based on the competitive nature of our industry, we may have to revise our business plan and/ or management estimates from time to time and consequently our funding requirements may also change. Our internal management estimates may exceed fair market value or the value that would have been determined by third party appraisals, which may require us to reschedule or reallocate our project and capital expenditure and may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Further, pending utilization of Net Proceeds towards the Objects of the Offer, our Company will have to deposit the Net Proceeds temporarily in deposits with one or more scheduled commercial banks included in Second Schedule of Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934, in a manner as may be approved by our Board. Accordingly, prospective investors in the Offer will need to rely upon our management’s judgment with respect to the use of Net Proceeds. 

**_45. Our Promoters own minority stakes in some of our Subsidiaries and their interest may conflict with interest of our_** 

38 

# **_Company._** 

Our Promoters hold minority stake of the equity shares in some of our Subsidiaries. We cannot assure you that the interest of our Promoters in our Subsidiaries will be similar to ours or that we will be able to suitably resolve any conflict of interest without an adverse effect on our business or operations. For further information in relation to the shareholding and directorship of our Promoters in our Subsidiaries, see “ _Our Subsidiaries_ ” on page 166. 

# **_46. Our Subsidiary, Shyam SEL and Power Limited is the recipient of various subsidies and incentives for our Jamuria and Mangalpur manufacturing plants under the West Bengal Incentive Scheme, 2004. We cannot assure that we will continue to receive such subsidies and incentives in the future._** 

Our Subsidiary, Shyam SEL and Power Limited is the recipient of various subsidies and incentives for our Jamuria and Mangalpur manufacturing plants under the West Bengal Incentive Scheme, 2004 (“ **Incentive Scheme** ”). These subsidies and incentives include state capital investment subsidy, industrial promotion assistance, employment generation subsidy and waiver of electricity duty by the West Bengal Industrial Development Corporation Limited. These subsidies and incentives are for a defined time period and can be withdrawn by the WBIDC at any time. We cannot assure that we will continue to receive such subsidies and incentives in the future. Further, the Incentive Scheme was applicable from 2007 to 2017 and we are entitled to receive an amount of ₹ 336.73 million under the said scheme. However, as of December 31, 2020, we had received an amount of ₹ 2.25 million in relation to the Incentive Scheme. There can be no assurance regarding the time period in which we will receive the pending balance from the relevant authorities. 

# **_47. We may require additional equity or debt in the future in order to continue to grow our business, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all._** 

Our strategy to grow our business may require us to raise additional funds for our working capital or long term business plans. We cannot assure you that such funds will be available on favorable terms or at all. Additional debt financing may increase our financing costs. Our financing agreements may contain terms and conditions that may restrict our ability to operate and manage our business, such as terms and conditions that require us to maintain certain pre-set debt service coverage ratios and leverage ratios and require us to use our assets, including our cash balances, as collateral for our indebtedness. If we are unable to raise additional funds on favorable terms or at all as and when required, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects could be adversely affected. 

# **_48. Technology failures could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business operations and financial performance._** 

IT systems are critical to our ability to manage our operations. Our IT systems enable us to coordinate our operations, from planning, production scheduling and raw material ordering, invoicing, customer relationship management and decision support. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper IT infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, customer service disruptions and, in some instances, loss of customers. Our IT systems, and the systems of our third party IT service providers may also be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions due to events beyond our control, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, hackers and other security issues. IT interruptions and system failures could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to realise the anticipated improvements in productivity and efficiency. 

A fault in or disruption to our information technology systems could cause disruption to our business. In addition, technological advances from time to time may result in our systems, methods or processing facilities becoming obsolete. Failure to keep up to date with such changes could result in our competitors having an advantage over us, which could impact negatively upon both our financial performance and our reputation. Any significant upgrade to or replacement of our systems could require considerable capital expenditure, which could affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_49. Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report commissioned by us for such purpose. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate._** 

Due to unavailability of suitable updated reports in relation to all the segments /value chain of the industry in which we operate, we have availed the services of an independent third party research agency, CRISIL Limited, to prepare an industry report titled “Market Assessment and outlook across Steel Industry value chain” dated February 2021 for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Red Herring Prospectus. This report is subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. We have not independently verified data from this industry report. Although we believe that the data may be considered to be reliable, the accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed and dependability cannot be assured. While we have taken reasonable care in the reproduction of the information, the information has not been prepared or independently verified by us, any of the BRLMs or any of our or their respective affiliates or advisors and, therefore, we make no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of such facts and statistics. Due to possibly flawed or ineffective collection methods or discrepancies between published information and market practice and other problems, the statistics herein may be inaccurate or may not be 

39 

comparable to statistics produced for other economies and should not be unduly relied upon. Further, there is no assurance that they are stated or compiled on the same basis or with the same degree of accuracy as may be the case elsewhere. Statements from third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amounts may differ materially from those included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_50. Certain original records are not available and accordingly, alternate documents and records have been relied upon in relation to certain disclosures made in the Red Herring Prospectus._** 

Due to the passage of time, given that these are old records, certain documents in relation to the education qualifications and share transfers of some of our Directors and Promoters, are unavailable. We have relied on mark sheets as documents evidencing educational qualifications for some of our Directors, Sanjay Kumar Agarwal, Deepak Kumar Agarwal, Dev Kumar Tiwari, Ashok Kumar Jaiswal and Kishan Gopal Baldwa and our Senior Management Personnel, Biplob Chanda Barman and Sumit Chakraborty. Further, Mahabir Prasad Agarwal, our Chairman, is unable to trace documents in relation to his educational qualifications. We cannot assure you that the information relating to such Directors and Senior Management Personnel included in “ _Our Management_ ” are true and accurate. 

Further, we are unable to trace the share transfer forms which evidence the transfer of Equity Shares of our Company, which were in physical form, to and from our Promoters, and DP slips for transfers which were in dematerialized form, and have relied on a report issued by an independent practising company secretary who has issued a report to us on the basis of review of share transfer registers, demat statements, Board minutes and other documents. 18,962,500 Equity Shares were transferred pursuant to the aforesaid transfers, and the same represents 8.12% of the total issued, subscribed and paid up Equity Share capital of the Company. There can be no assurance that the title to such Equity Shares held by our Promoters may not be subject to challenge in the future. In addition, we have been unable to trace certain challans for forms filed with the RoC, for which we have relied upon records available on the RoC’s website. The Company is in the process of initiating the necessary processes to conclusively determine the ownership/title of the said 18,962,500 Equity Shares in terms of provisions of Companies Act, and until the conclusion of this process, such Equity Shares shall remain locked-in. 

Additionally, original court records in relation to certain matters involving our Company and our Subsidiaries, are not currently available and accordingly, we have relied on certifications provided by advocates representing the relevant parties in such matters in relation to the summaries appearing in the section “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 326. 

# **_51. We appoint contract labour for carrying out certain of our operations and we may be held responsible for paying the wages of such workers, if the independent contractors through whom such workers are hired default on their obligations, and such obligations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition._** 

In order to retain flexibility and control costs, our Company appoints independent contractors who in turn engage on-site contract labour for performance of certain of our operations. Although our Company does not engage these labourers directly, we may be held responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractor. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, under the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970, as amended, we may be required to absorb a number of such contract labourers as permanent employees. Thus, any such order from a regulatory body or court may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_52. India has stringent labour legislations that protect the interests of workers, and if our employees unionize, we may be subject to industrial unrest, slowdowns and increased wage costs._** 

India has stringent labour legislation that protects the interests of workers, including legislation that sets forth detailed procedures for the establishment of unions, dispute resolution and employee removal and legislation that imposes certain financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. We are also subject to state and local laws and regulations, governing our relationships with our employees, including those relating to minimum wage, bonus, gratuity, overtime, working conditions, recruitment and termination of employment, non-discrimination, work permits and employee benefits. Although our employees are not currently unionized, there can be no assurance that they will not unionize in the future. If our employees unionize, it may become difficult for us to maintain flexible labour policies, and our business may be adversely affected. Further, if we are unable to negotiate with employees, it could result in work stoppages or increased operating costs as a result of higher than anticipated wages or benefits. 

# **_53. Currency exchange rate fluctuations may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and value of the Equity Shares._** 

Our financial information is presented in Indian Rupees. However, we generate a portion of our sales internationally through export and sales outside of India. We also import certain raw materials and capital goods for our operations. These imports and exports are denominated in foreign currencies, primarily in U.S. dollars. Although we follow our exposure to foreign currencies and selectively enter into hedging transactions in an attempt to reduce the risks of currency fluctuations, these 

40 

activities are not always sufficient to protect us against incurring potential losses if currencies fluctuate significantly. Any such losses on account of foreign exchange fluctuations may adversely affect our results of operations. 

Further, due to the time gap between the accounting of sales and actual payments, the foreign exchange rate at which the sale is recorded in the books of accounts may vary with the foreign exchange rate at which the payment is made, thereby benefiting or affecting us negatively, depending on the appreciation or depreciation of Indian Rupee. We may, therefore, be exposed to risks arising from exchange rate fluctuations, may not be able to pass on all losses on account of foreign currency fluctuations to our customers, and suffer losses on account of foreign currency fluctuations. There is no guarantee that we may be able to manage our foreign currency risk effectively or mitigate exchange exposures, at all times and our inability may harm our results of operations and cause our results to fluctuate and/or decline. 

The exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and the USD, Euro and other foreign currencies has changed considerably in recent years and may fluctuate substantially in the future. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and other currencies may affect the value of a non-resident investor’s investment in the Equity Shares. 

A non-resident investor may not be able to convert Rupee proceeds into USD, Euro or any other currency or the rate at which any such conversion may occur could fluctuate. In addition, our market valuation could be seriously harmed by the devaluation of the Rupee, if United States or other non-resident investors analyze our value based on the USD or Euro equivalent of our financial condition and results of operations. For historical exchange rate fluctuations, see “ _Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data And Currency of Presentation_ ” on page 12. 

# **_54. Some of our Directors who are Promoters hold Equity Shares in our Company and Subsidiaries and are therefore interested in the Company’s and Subsidiaries’ performance in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Certain of our Directors are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, to the extent of their shareholding in our Company and Subsidiaries. We cannot assure you that our Directors will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. For details on the interest of the Directors of our Company and Subsidiaries, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits, see “ _Our Management_ ” on page 175. 

# **_55. Information relating to our installed capacities and capacity utilization of our manufacturing plants included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity utilization may vary._** 

Information relating to the installed manufacturing capacity, capacity utilization of our manufacturing plants included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates of our management that have been taken into account by an independent chartered engineer in the calculation of the installed manufacturing capacity and capacity utilization of our manufacturing plants. These assumptions and estimates relating to the installed manufacturing capacity include the standard capacity calculation practice of steel industry after examining the calculations and explanations provided by the Company and the capacities and other ancillary equipment installed at the manufacturing plants. Further, the assumptions and estimates taken specifically into account include the following: (1) sponge iron (direct reduced iron): capacity of each kiln in TPD X 330 days per year; (2) billet: capacity of each furnace in TPH X (24 hours per day/ heat cycle) X 330 days per year; 1 heat cycle = 3 hours; (3) ferro alloy products: furnace with 1 MVA capacity is equivalent to 1,555.56 TPA. The installed capacity of ferro alloy products may vary depending on the type of ferro alloy produced. Further, capacity utilization has been calculated on the basis of actual production during the relevant period divided by the aggregate installed capacity of relevant manufacturing plants as of at the end of the relevant period. 

Actual production levels and future capacity utilization rates may vary significantly from the estimated production capacities of our manufacturing plants and historical capacity utilization rates. Actual utilization rates may differ significantly from the estimated installed capacities or historical estimated capacity utilization information of our manufacturing plants. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on our installed capacity or historical estimated capacity utilization information for our existing manufacturing plants included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “ _Our Business_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation_ ” on pages 131 and 290, respectively. 

# **_56. Our Promoters will continue to retain a majority shareholding in us after the Offer, which will allow them to exercise significant influence over us._** 

After the completion of the Offer, our Promoters will hold approximately [●]% of our issued and paid-up equity share capital. Accordingly, our promoter will continue to significant influence over our business and all matters requiring shareholders’ approval, including the composition of our Board of Directors, the adoption of amendments to our constitutional documents, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions or joint ventures or the sales of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, investments and capital expenditures. This concentration of ownership may also delay, defer or even prevent 

41 

a change in control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of the Promoters. Further, the Promoters’ shareholding may limit the ability of a third party to acquire control of our Company. The interests of our Promoters as our Company’s controlling shareholder, could conflict with our Company’s interests, your interests or the interests of our shareholders. There is no assurance that the Promoters will not act or vote in a manner which may conflict with the best interests of the Company or that of minority shareholders. 

# **_57. Certain of our Group Companies have incurred losses in the past, which may have an adverse effect on our reputation and business._** 

Certain of our Group Companies have incurred losses during Fiscals 2018, 2019 and 2020 as set out below: 

|**Particulars**|**P**|**rofit/Loss in Fiscal**||
|---|---|---|---|
||**2020**|**2019**|**2018**|
|||**(**₹**million)**||
|S.S. Natural ResourcesPrivateLimited|(2.89)|7.76|0.00|
|Kalinga Energy & Power Limited|(0.28)|(0.04)|(0.01)|
|Essel Plywood Private Limited|(21.47)|13.29|32.38|
|Improved Realtors Private Limited|(0.31)|(2.69)|(0.34)|
|Kolhan Complex Private Limited|(0.08)|0.41|9.55|
|Shyam EmcoInfrastructureLimited|(0.01)|0.00|(0.01)|
|Swarnrekha Abasan Private Limited|(0.10)|0.55|12.74|
|Suhag Overseas Trading Private Limited|(0.25)|(0.33)|(3.96)|
|Platinum Minmet Private Limited|(0.01)|0.03|0.57|
|Shyam Ores (Jharkhand) Private Limited|(24.79)|-|-|
|SubhlabhCommercialsPrivateLimited|(0.04)|1.02|29.30|



There can be no assurance that our Group Companies will not incur losses in the future which may have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. 

# **_58. Any negative cash flows in the future would adversely affect our cash flow requirements, which may adversely affect our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans, thereby affecting our financial condition._** 

The following table sets forth certain information relating to our cash flows on a consolidated basis for the periods indicated. We may in the future experience negative operating cash flows. 

|||**Fiscal**<br>||**Nine months ended**<br>|**December 31,**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**2018**|**2019**|**2020**|**2019**|**2020**|
|Net cash flow from/ (used in) from<br>operatingactivities|2,469.49|4,565.56|**(**₹**million)**<br>851.55|(1,047.37)|6,568.08|
|Net cash flow from/ (used in)<br>investingactivities|(1,420.53)|(5,669.62)|(2,773.99)|(1,427.56)|(2,311.12)|
|Net cash flow from/ (used in)<br>financingactivities|(1,621.69)|1,121.76|2,120.45|2,565.31|(4,558.73)|
|Effect<br>of<br>foreign<br>exchange<br>fluctuation|244.72|-|-|29.27|158.39|
|Net changes in cash and cash<br>equivalents|(328.01)|17.70|198.01|119.65|(143.38)|



Negative cash flows over extended periods, or significant negative cash flows in the short term, could materially impact our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. As a result, our cash flows, business, future financial performance and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. For further information, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on page 290. 

# **_59. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders. Further, our Promoters’ interests may conflict with the interests of our Company and the Shareholders._** 

We have in the past entered into transactions with certain of our Promoters, relatives of our Promoters, Directors, and Group Companies. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, we cannot assure you that we might have obtained more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. Further, it is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. In addition, certain portions of land on which our Jamuria manufacturing plant is located is owned by a Promoter Group entity and there is no formal relationship/arrangement for use of this land. Such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. 

42 

In Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020 and in the nine months ended December 31, 2020, the aggregate amount of such related party transactions was ₹ 10,016.37 million, ₹ 23,502.20 million, ₹ 12,041.42 million and ₹ 9,343.70 million, respectively. For details on our related party transactions, see _“Restated Financial Statements – Note 48 A – Related Party Disclosures (As per Ind AS – 24 – Related Party Disclosures)”_ and “ _Restated Financial Statements – Note 48 B – Related Party Disclosures (As per Ind AS – 24 – Related Party Disclosures)_ ” on pages 277 and 279, respectively. While we have adopted a policy titled “Related Party Transactions Policy” read together with the Code of Conduct for Directors and Senior Management Executives, to address situations of conflict involving Directors and Promoters, especially in respect of related party transactions and those giving rise to conflict of interest, we cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our minority shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Further, after the completion of the Offer, our Promoters will hold approximately [●]% of our issued and paid-up equity share capital. Accordingly, our Promoters will continue to have significant influence over our business and all matters requiring Shareholders’ approval, including the composition of our Board of Directors, the adoption of amendments to our constitutional documents, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions or joint ventures or the sales of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, investments and capital expenditures. This concentration of ownership may also delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of the Promoters. Further, the Promoters’ shareholding may limit the ability of a third party to acquire control of our Company. The interests of our Promoters as our Company’s controlling shareholder, could conflict with our Company’s interests, your interests or the interests of our Shareholders. There is no assurance that the Promoters will not act or vote in a manner which may conflict with the best interests of the Company or that of minority shareholders. Additionally, our Promoters hold minority stake of the equity shares in some of our Subsidiaries. We cannot assure you that the interest of our Promoters in our Subsidiaries will be similar to ours or that we will be able to suitably resolve any conflict of interest without an adverse effect on our business or operations. For further information in relation to the shareholding and directorship of our Promoters in our Subsidiaries, see “ _Our Subsidiaries_ ” on page 166. 

# **_60. We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been provided for in our financial statements, which if they materialise, may adversely affect our financial condition._** 

As of December 31, 2020, our contingent liabilities were as follows: 

|**Particulars**|**As of**<br>**December 31, 2020**|
|---|---|
||**(₹ million)**|
|Unredeemed bank guarantees on behalf of the joint venture company|20.02|
|Other unredeemed bank guarantees|1,263.08|
|Bills discounted withbanks|367.18|
|Demands/Claims by various Government authorities and others not acknowledged as debts:||
|(i) Excise duty|1,096.74|
|(ii) Service tax|3.88|
|(iii) Custom duty|46.93|
|(iv) Sales tax|243.36|
|(v) ESI|1.39|
|**Total **|**3,042.58**|



For further information on our contingent liabilities, see “ _Restated Financial Statements – Note 42: Commitments and Contingent Liabilities_ ” on page 266. 

If a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_61. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act, 2013. Our Board approved a formal dividend policy of our Company, at its meeting dated May 15, 2018, which includes parameters to be considered by our Board for declaration of dividend, with an objective of rewarding the shareholders of our Company. Our Company has not declared and paid any dividends on the Equity Shares in Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020. For details in relation to the interim dividend on Equity Shares paid by our Company in Fiscal 2021, please see the section entitled “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 210. Further, no dividend has been declared or paid by our Company in the current Fiscal. Further, our Material Subsidiary, Shyam SEL and Power Limited has declared dividend payments on January 13, 2021, and made the dividend payments on 

43 

January 30, 2021. We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. Accordingly, realization of a gain on Shareholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. For details of dividend paid by our Company in the past, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 210. 

# **_62. If we are not able to successfully identify and integrate any future acquisitions, it could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

We intend to explore the possibility of growing inorganically by acquiring distressed steel plants in order to increase our revenues and profitability. The completion of acquisitions and, if completed, the successful integration of such newly acquired steel plants into our operations may be difficult for a variety of reasons, including differing culture or management styles, poor records or internal controls and difficulty in establishing immediate control over cash flows. As a result, potential future acquisitions pose significant risks to our existing operations, including: 

- additional demands placed on our senior management, who are also responsible for managing our existing operations; 

- increased overall operating complexity of our business, requiring greater personnel and other resources; 

- additional cash expenditures to integrate acquisitions; 

- incurrence of additional debt to finance acquisitions and higher debt service costs related thereto; and 

- the need to attract and retain sufficient numbers of qualified management and other personnel. 

Moreover, when making acquisitions it may not be possible for us to conduct a detailed investigation of the nature of the assets being acquired due to, for example, time constraints in making acquisition decisions and other factors. We may also become responsible for additional liabilities or obligations not foreseen at the time of an acquisition. Moreover, even if we are successful in integrating newly acquired assets and acquiring additional assets, expected synergies and cost savings may not materialise, resulting in lower than expected benefits from such acquisitions. 

# **_63. Our customers may engage in certain transactions in or with countries or persons that are subject to U.S. and other sanctions._** 

U.S. law generally prohibits U.S. persons from directly or indirectly investing or otherwise doing business in or with certain countries that are the subject of comprehensive sanctions and with certain persons or businesses that have been specially designated by the OFAC or other U.S. government agencies. Other governments and international or regional organizations also administer similar economic sanctions. We provide services to our customers, who may be doing business with, or located in, countries to which certain OFAC-administered and other sanctions apply, such as Iran. Although we believe we have compliance systems in place that are sufficient to block prohibited transactions, there can be no assurance that we will be able to fully monitor all of our transactions for any potential violation. Although we do not believe that we are in violation of any applicable sanctions, if it were determined that transactions in which we participate violate U.S. or other sanctions, we could be subject to U.S. or other penalties, and our reputation and future business prospects in the United States or with U.S. persons, or in other jurisdictions, could be adversely affected. We rely on our staff to be up-to-date and aware of the latest sanctions in place. Further, investors in the Equity Shares could incur reputational or other risks as the result of our customers’ dealings in or with countries or with persons that are the subject of U.S. sanctions. 

# **External Risk Factors** 

# **_Risks Relating to India_** 

# **_64. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located elsewhere, including India. Adverse economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficit, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our products may be adversely affected 

44 

by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. Economic growth in the countries in which we operate is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. 

# **_65. Natural disasters, fires, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other events could materially and adversely affect our business._** 

Natural disasters (such as typhoons, flooding and earthquakes), epidemics, pandemics such as COVID-19, acts of war, terrorist attacks and other events, many of which are beyond our control, may lead to economic instability, including in India or globally, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations may be adversely affected by fires, natural disasters and/or severe weather, which can result in damage to our property or inventory and generally reduce our productivity and may require us to evacuate personnel and suspend operations. Any terrorist attacks or civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic and political events in India or countries to who we export our products could have a negative effect on us. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the price of the Equity Shares. A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of diseases such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19 virus. A worsening of the current outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic or future outbreaks of COVID-19 virus or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region. As a result, any present or future outbreak of a contagious disease could have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_66. Adverse geopolitical conditions such as increased tensions between India and China, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Adverse geopolitical conditions such as increased tensions between India and China resulting in any military conflict in the region could adversely affect our business and operations. Such events may lead to countries imposing restrictions on the import or export of products or raw materials, among others, and affect our ability to procure raw materials required for our manufacturing operations. We could also be affected by the introduction of import tariffs in India, or in the countries to which we export our products, or changes in trade agreements between countries. 

# **_67. A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating decreased from Baa2 with a “negative” outlook to Baa3 with a “negative” outlook by Moody’s and from BBB with a “stable” outlook to BBB with a “negative” outlook (Fitch) in June 2020; and from BBB “stable” to BBB “negative” by DBRS in May 2020. India’s sovereign ratings from S&P is BBB-with a “stable” outlook. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing. For further information on credit ratings obtained by our Company, see “ _Our Business – Competitive Strengths – Strong financial performance and credit ratings_ ” on page 135. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_68. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia,  Russia  and elsewhere  in  the  world  in  recent  years  has  adversely  affected  the  Indian  economy.  Any worldwide  financial  instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian  economy. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our  principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and  volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (“ **Brexit** ”), there remains significant uncertainty as to the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets. 

45 

In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. In  response  to  such  developments,  legislators  and  financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term  effect  of  these  and  other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing  effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a material  adverse  effect  on  our  business, financial condition and results of operation. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets? and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_69. If there is any change in laws or regulations, including taxation laws, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements._** 

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019 prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this Act, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favor of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which would ultimately reduce the effective tax rate for Indian companies from 34.94% to approximately 25.17%. Any such future amendments may affect our other benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment, service tax, past claims of central excise, state VAT, and GST that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate of interest with effect from July 1, 2017. 

Due to COVID -19 pandemic, the Government of India also passed the Taxation and Other Laws (Relaxation of Certain Provisions) Act, 2020, implementing relaxations from certain requirements under, amongst others, the Central Goods and Service Tax Act, 2017 and Customs Tariff Act, 1975. 

Further, the Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2021, pursuant to which the Finance Act, 2020 (“ **Finance Act** ”), has introduced various amendments. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2020 may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. 

The Government of India has recently announced the union budget for Fiscal 2022, pursuant to which the Finance Act has undergone various amendments. Our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

# **_70. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our services at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our clients thereby reducing our margins._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of transportation, wages, raw materials and other expenses relevant to our business. 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether 

46 

entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or increase the price of our products to pass the increase in costs on to our clients. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, the Government of India has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **_71. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

# **_72. A third party could be prevented from acquiring control of us post this Offer, because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

As a listed Indian entity, there are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company. Under the Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company subsequent to completion of the Offer. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to our shareholders, such a takeover may not be attempted or consummated because of Takeover Regulations. 

# **_73. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us._** 

Our Company is a company incorporated under the laws of India. All of our Company’s Directors and officers are residents of India and all of our assets and such persons are located in India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce judgments obtained against such parties outside India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if that court was of the view that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy, or if judgments are in breach or contrary to Indian law. In addition, a party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain approval from the RBI to execute such a judgment or to repatriate outside India any amounts recovered. 

Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13, Section 14 and Section 44A of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (“ **CPC** ”). India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, such as the United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong. In order to be enforceable, a judgment from a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements established in the CPC. The CPC only permits the enforcement and execution of monetary decrees in the reciprocating jurisdiction, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India, including the United States, cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of  money  rendered  by  any  court  in  a  non-reciprocating  territory for  civil  liability,  whether  or  not  predicated  solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be directly enforceable in India. The party in whose favour a final foreign judgment in a non-reciprocating territory is rendered may bring a fresh suit in a competent court in India based on the final judgment within three years of obtaining such final judgment. However, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with the public policy in India. 

# **_Risks Relating to the Equity Shares and this Offer_** 

# **_74. The trading volume and market price of the Equity Shares may be volatile following the Offer._** 

The market price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate as a result of, among other things, the following factors, some of which are beyond our control: 

- quarterly variations in our results of operations; 

- results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

- results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

- changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research analysts and investors; 

47 

- a change in research analysts’ recommendations; 

- announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments; 

- announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

- new laws and governmental regulations applicable to our industry; 

- additions or departures of key management personnel; 

- changes in exchange rates; 

- fluctuations in stock market prices and volume; and 

- general economic and stock market conditions. 

Changes in relation to any of the factors listed above could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_75. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 92 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

# **_76. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and the Offer may not result in an active or liquid market for the Equity Shares. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and the investors may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the stock exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India and volatility in the Stock Exchanges and securities markets elsewhere in the world. 

# **_77. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. 

A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for more than 12 months may be subject to long term capital gains tax in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as STT is paid, the quantum of gains and any available treaty exemptions. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of STT, on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

The Government of India has recently announced the union budget for Fiscal 2022, pursuant to which the Finance Act has undergone various amendments. There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. For instance, the Supreme Court of India has in a decision clarified the components of basic wages which need to be considered by companies while making provident fund payments, which resulted in an increase in the provident fund payments to be made by companies. Any such decisions in future or any further changes in interpretation of laws may have an impact on our results of operations. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

Our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

48 

# **_78. Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited with the Equity Shares within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately six Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise any delay in commencing trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

# **_79. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked instruments by us may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering of Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares including through exercise of employee stock options, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us or sales of our Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that we will not issue Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares or that our Shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

# **_80. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 378. 

# **_81. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

Our Restated Financial Statements for Fiscal 2018, 2019 and 2020, and for the nine months ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, have been prepared and presented in conformity with Ind AS. Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from Indian GAAP, IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our financial statements were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our financial statements, and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

# **_82. QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after the submission of their Bid, and Retail Individual Bidders are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after closure of the Bid/ Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Bidders can revise their Bids during the Bid/ Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until the Bid/ Offer Closing Date. While we are required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be 

49 

prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the investors’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Investors’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

# **_83. Investors may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction the investors are in, does not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our Company filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless our Company makes such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in our Company would be reduced. 

# **_84. Compliance with provisions of Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act may affect payments on the Equity Shares._** 

The U.S. “Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” (or “ **FATCA** ”) imposes a new reporting regime and potentially, imposes a 30% withholding tax on certain “foreign passthru payments” made by certain non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries). 

If payments on the Equity Shares are made by such non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries), this withholding may be imposed on such payments if made to any non-U.S. financial institution (including an intermediary) that is not otherwise exempt from FATCA or other holders who do not provide sufficient identifying information to the payer, to the extent such payments are considered “foreign passthru payments”. Under current guidance, the term “foreign passthru payment” is not defined and it is therefore not clear whether and to what extent payments on the Equity Shares would be considered “foreign passthru payments”. The United States has entered into intergovernmental agreements with many jurisdictions (including India) that modify the FATCA withholding regime described above. It is not yet clear how the intergovernmental agreements between the United States and these jurisdictions will address “foreign passthru payments” and whether such agreements will require us or other financial institutions to withhold or report on payments on the Equity Shares to the extent they are treated as “foreign passthru payments”. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the consequences of FATCA, or any intergovernmental agreement or non-U.S. legislation implementing FATCA, to their investment in Equity Shares. 

# **_85. U.S. holders should consider the impact of the passive foreign investment company rules in connection with an investment in our Equity Shares._** 

A foreign corporation will be treated as a passive foreign investment company (“ **PFIC** ”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year in which either: (i) at least 75% of its gross income is “passive income” or (ii) at least 50% of its gross assets during the taxable year (based on of the quarterly values of the assets during a taxable year) are “passive assets,” which generally means that they produce passive income or are held for the production of passive income. 

Our Company believes it was not a PFIC for fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, and does not expect to be a PFIC for the current year or any future years. However, no assurance can be given that our Company will or will not be considered a PFIC in the current or future years. The determination of whether or not our Company is a PFIC is a factual determination that is made annually after the end of each taxable year, and there can be no assurance that our Company will not be considered a PFIC in the current taxable year or any future taxable year because, among other reasons, (i) the composition of our Company’s income and assets will vary over time, and (ii) the manner of the application of relevant rules is uncertain in several respects. Further, our Company’s PFIC status may depend on the market price of its Equity Shares, which may fluctuate considerably. 

50 

