# **SECTION II–RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in the Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Issue including the merits and risks involved. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us, our Equity Shares, the industry or the segment in which we operate. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may arise or may become material in the future and may also impair our business, results of operations and financial condition. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are now deemed immaterial, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and as prospective investors, you may lose all or part of your investment. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about particular consequences to you of an investment in this Issue. The financial and other related implications of the risk factors, wherever quantifiable, have been disclosed in the risk factors mentioned below. However, there are certain risk factors where the financial impact is not quantifiable and therefore, cannot be disclosed in such risk factors._ 

_To obtain a complete understanding, you should read this section in conjunction with the sections “Industry Overview”, “Our Business” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations” on pages 134, 153 and 231 of this Red Herring Prospectus, respectively. The industry-related information disclosed in this section that is not otherwise publicly available is derived from a report titled “Research Report on Microcrystalline Cellulose (MCC) & Croscarmellose Sodium (CCS) Industry” released in August, 2021 prepared by CARE Advisory Research & Training Limited (“_ **_CARE_** _”). Neither our Company, nor any other person connected with the Issue, including the BRLM, has independently verified the information in the industry report or other publicly available information cited in this section._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and, in the section titled “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 17 of this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section. Unless the context requires otherwise, the financial information of our Company has been derived from the Restated Financial Information, prepared in accordance with Ind AS and the Companies Act and restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations._ 

_Materiality:_ 

_The Risk Factors have been determined on the basis of their materiality. The following factors have been considered for determining the materiality of Risk Factors:_ 

- _Some events may not be material individually but may be found material collectively;_ 

- _Some events may have material impact qualitatively instead of quantitatively; and_ 

- _Some events may not be material at present but may have a material impact in future._ 

_The financial and other related implications of risks concerned, whether quantifiable have been disclosed in the risk factors mentioned below. However, there are risk factors where the impact may not be quantifiable and hence, the same has not been disclosed in such risk factors. The numbering of the risk factors has been done to facilitate ease of reading and reference and does not in any manner indicate the importance of one risk over another._ 

_In this Red Herring Prospectus, any discrepancies in any table between total and sums of the amount listed are due to rounding off._ 

_In this section, unless the context requires otherwise, any reference to “we”, “us” or “our” refers to Sigachi Industries Limited._ 

_The risk factors are classified as under for the sake of better clarity and increased understanding._ 

24 

# **INTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **<u>BUSINESS RELATED RISKS</u>** 

**_1. Our commercial success is largely dependent upon our ability to develop and devise innovative grades of cellulose based excipients. Our inability to innovate new products would make our existing product portfolio redundant, which may have an adverse impact on the utility of our products resultantly impacting our revenue and profitability. Further, if our competitors are able to produce better quality products and improve the efficiency of their manufacturing processes thereby being able to offer their products at lower prices, our revenues and profitability may decline._** 

We are engaged in manufacturing, marketing and supplying of microcrystalline cellulose (“ **MCC** ”) which is widely used as an excipient for finished dosages in the pharmaceutical industry. Due to the inert nonreactive and versatile nature of MCC, our product has varied applications in the pharmaceutical, food, nutraceuticals and the cosmetic industries. Our Company manufactures MCC of various grades ranging from 15 microns to 250 microns, all of which are marketed by our Company under various brands. Our Company is one of the leading manufacturers of MCC (cellulose based excipients) in India _(Source: Research Report on Microcrystalline Cellulose (MCC) & Croscarmellose Sodium (CCS) Industry)_ . Since, we primarily manufacture MCC, which is used in various industries mentioned above, it is imperative for our Research and Development division (“ **R&D Division** ”) to continuously improve existing product portfolio and develop innovative and diverse applications of MCC in various industries which would help us to increase the outreach of our products and help us maintain and deepen our position in the market. We might have to invest a large amount of our resources and funds in our R&D Division to ensure that we continue to provide diverse application of our products to our customers and are able to meet their customized demands of our products. We might have to allocate a major portion of the revenue or profits earned by our Company towards upgradation and efficient functioning of our laboratories in our R&D Division, which may skew the resource allocation from other business activities, and possibly impacting our revenues and profitability. Our Company has spent an amount of ₹ 42.28 lacs ₹ 102.19 lacs, ₹ 82.64 lacs and ₹ 46.53 lacs towards R&D expenditure during the Quarter ended June 30, 2021 and the Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019 respectively, and which constituted 0.77% 0.52%, 0.59%, 0.36% of the total revenue from operations of our Company during these Fiscals. Further, for the proposed expansion of our manufacturing units at Dahej and Jhagadia, our Company proposes to procure QA/QC equipment totaling worth ₹ 186.21 lacs which shall be used for analytical and R&D purposes. 

Therefore, the commercial success of our business is highly dependent on our ability to develop products which do not have a substitute in the industry and which makes our products unique and irreplaceable. Further, there can be no assurance that the lack of demand from any one of these industries can be off-set by sales to other industries in which our products find application. Our failure to effectively react to these situations or to successfully introduce new variants or new applications for our existing products could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_2. Our Company is yet to place orders for 83.00% of the equipment, plant and machinery for expansion at existing facilities situated at Dahej and Jhagadia as well as for installation at the Proposed Unit. Any delay in placing orders or procurement of such plant and machinery may delay the schedule of implementation and possibly increase the cost of commencing operations._** 

<mark>Our Company has received third party quotations for the equipment, plant and machinery proposed to be installed at Dahej, Jhagadia, and the Proposed Unit (for details please refer to the chapter titled “</mark> _<mark>Objects of the Issue – Details of Objects of the Issue</mark>_ <mark>” on page 95 of this Red Herring Prospectus). Although, we have identified the type of equipment, plant and machinery proposed to be purchased from Net Proceeds, we are yet to place orders for 83.00% of the total proposed equipment, plant and machinery amounting to approximately ₹ 4,834.07 lacs. The cost of the proposed capital expenditure is based on the quotations received from third party vendors and contractors and such quotations are subject to change due to various factors such as, change in supplier of equipment, change in the government regulation and policies, change in management’s view of desirability of the current plans, possible cost overruns, etc. We cannot assure that we will be able to procure the equipment, plant and machinery in a timely manner and at the same price at which the quotations have been received. Delay in procurement of the same can cause time and cost overrun in the implementation of our proposed expansion of the manufacturing units and can also compel us to buy such machineries at a higher price, thus causing the budgeted cost to vary. As a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected.</mark> 

25 

**_3. Our Company is reliant on the demand from the pharmaceutical industry for a significant portion of our revenue. Any downturn in the pharmaceutical industry or an inability to increase or effectively manage our sales could have an adverse impact on our Company’s business and results of operations._** 

Our primary product MCC is used as a raw material in the pharmaceutical, food, nutraceuticals and the cosmetic industries, with supplies to the pharmaceutical industry at approximately 75% of our revenues for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 and for the Financial Years 2019, 2020 and 2021. Our revenues generated with supplies to the pharmaceutical industry for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 and for the fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021 are ₹3785.77 Lakhs, ₹8,914.65 lakhs, ₹9,637.41 lakhs and ₹13,181.26 lakhs respectively. Our revenues are highly dependent on our customers from the pharmaceutical industry and the loss of any of our customers from any industry which we cater to may adversely affect our sales and consequently on our business and results of operations. 

Further, in the event, there takes place a shift of practice of developing raw materials in-house in the pharmaceutical industries or the other industries which we cater to, it may have an adverse impact on the demand for our products. Similarly, in the event of any new breakthrough in the development of a novel product or raw material by our competitors or customers, our products may become obsolete or be substituted by such alternatives; thereby impacting our revenues and profitability adversely. It may also happen that our competitors are able to improve the efficiency of their manufacturing process or their distribution or raw materials sourcing process and thereby offer their similar or high-quality products at lower price our Company may be unable to adequately react to such developments which may affect our revenues and profitability. 

**_4. We highly depend on our major raw materials and a few key suppliers who help us procure the same. Our Company has not entered into long-term agreements with its suppliers for supply of raw materials. In the event we are unable to procure adequate amounts of raw materials, at competitive prices our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected._** 

Our Company is engaged in the business of manufacturing MCC of various grades and wood pulp in the form of wood pulp sheets is used as the primary raw material during our manufacturing process. Therefore, we are highly dependent on wood pulp sheets and it forms the most important and primary component of our manufacturing process. We majorly import wood pulp sheets from Canada, South Africa, Thailand, Indonesia and America. Our top five suppliers accounted for 73.74%, 65.98%, 75.46% and 77.92% of our expenses towards the purchase of raw materials for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 and for the Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The expenses mentioned above were ₹2423.76 Lakhs, ₹6,202.51 lakhs, ₹5,852.28 lakhs and ₹5,719.67 lakhs for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 and for the Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019 respectively. Thus, if we experience significant increase in demand, or need to replace an existing supplier, we cannot assure you that we will be able to meet such demand or find suitable substitutes, in a timely manner and at reasonable costs, or at all. Further, in view of the ongoing pandemic, wherein partial or complete lockdown and various travel restrictions have been imposed in various countries, we may not be able to procure adequate amount of raw materials for our business. 

As mentioned in the earlier risk factor, pharmaceutical industry constitutes major portion of our revenues. The pharmaceutical products qualify as essential commodities, therefore generally their demand has not been deterred by the ongoing pandemic and the nationwide lockdown imposed by various governments. In view of the above, we will have to source adequate raw materials for all of our manufacturing units to cater to the consistent demand of our pharmaceutical customers. Furthermore, the demand of the pharmaceutical products is seeing an increasing demand due to the health crisis caused by the pandemic, since our products are used as excipients for finished dosages in the pharmaceutical industry, the demand of our products is also likely to rise. In the event, due to logistical glitches and restrictions on crossing state and country borders imposed by various governments, we are not be able to procure the required amount of raw materials, we might not be able to efficiently satisfy the demand of our customers. Even if we are able to procure the required amount of raw materials in the backdrop of the global pandemic, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a cost effective manner, which may impact our pricing and profitability. 

We depend on a number of suppliers for procurement of raw materials required for manufacturing our products. In the Quarter ended June 30, 2021 and the Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, our cost of raw material consumed amounted to ₹ 2,496.89 lakhs, ₹9,791.14 lakhs, ₹7,403.26 lakhs and ₹7,024.75 lakhs respectively. This amounted to 45.30% 49.95%, 51.43% and 52.87% of our total revenue respectively. Our Company maintains a list of registered and unregistered suppliers from whom we procure the materials on order basis 

26 

as per our internal demand projections. We have not entered into long term contracts with our suppliers and prices for raw materials are normally based on the quotes we receive from various suppliers. Since we have no formal arrangements with our suppliers, they are not contractually obligated to supply their products to us and may choose to sell their products to our competitors. Non-availability or inadequate quantity of raw material or use of substandard quality of the raw materials in the manufacture of our products, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, any discontinuation of production by these suppliers or a failure of these suppliers to adhere to the delivery schedule or the required quality and quantity could hamper our manufacturing schedule. There can be no assurance that strong demand, capacity limitations or other problems experienced by our suppliers will not result in occasional shortages or delays in their supply of raw materials to us. Further, we cannot assure you that our suppliers will continue to be associated with us on reasonable terms, or at all. Since our suppliers are not contractually bound to deal with us exclusively, we may face the risk of our competitors offering better terms to such suppliers, which may cause them to cater to our competitors alongside us. 

Further, the amount of raw materials procured and the price, at which we procure such materials, may fluctuate from time to time. In addition, the availability and price of our raw materials may be subject to a number of factors beyond our control, including economic factors, seasonal factors, environmental factors and changes in government policies and regulations, including those relating to the excipient industry in general. We cannot assure you that we will always be able to meet our raw material requirements at prices acceptable to us, or at all, or that we will be able to pass on any increase in the cost of raw materials to our customers. Further, we also cannot assure you with a reasonable certainty that the raw materials that we would procure in the future will not be defective. In the absence of formal agreements, should we receive any defective raw materials, we may not be in a position to recover any advance payments made or claim compensation from our suppliers consequently increasing the manufacturing costs and/or reducing the realization of our finished products. Any inability on our part to procure sufficient quantities of raw materials, on commercially acceptable terms, may lead to a decline in our sales volumes and profit margins which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_5. We intend to utilize a portion of the Net Proceeds for setting up an additional production unit at Kurnool, Andhra Pradesh. We are yet to place orders for plant and machinery and apply for requisite government approvals for the proposed manufacturing unit. Any delay in undertaking such and not adhering to the schedule of implementation could have an adverse effect on our business growth and prospects and results of operations._** 

We intend to utilize a portion of the Net Proceeds to fund capital expenditure to manufacture CCS at the Proposed Unit at Kurnool, Andhra Pradesh. The company would also need to incur costs of setting up of the unit. Such site development expenditure such as civil construction, consultation charges, fabrication items, pipe lines, and other allied costs shall be incurred by the company from internal accruals. A part of the net proceeds is proposed to be utilized toward Equipment, Storage Tanks, SILO, Pumps and Electrical costs. 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has received provisional allotment of the plot on leasehold basis from the Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation Limited for setting up a “Pharma/ Biotech Unit”. We are yet to place orders for 100% of the equipment, plant and machinery to be purchased for the proposed unit. Further, we are in the process of applying for requisite government approvals for the proposed unit. We have not entered into any definitive agreements to utilize the net proceeds of the Issue and have relied on the quotations received from third parties for estimation of the costs as disclosed in chapter _“Objects of the Issue – Funding Capital Expenditure at the Proposed Unit at Kurnool”_ on page 121 of the Red Herring Prospectus. Our Company, depending on various factors, will finalise the suppliers for the proposed unit which may not be the same from whom the quotations were obtained. While we have obtained the quotations from different vendors in relation to the equipment, plant and machinery, most of these quotations are valid for a certain period of time and may be subject to revisions. We cannot assure that we will be able to procure plant, machinery and equipment within the cost indicated by such quotations and set up a manufacturing facility as per our tentative schedule of implementation. Any cost overrun due to our failure to purchase equipment, plant and machinery within our budget could adversely impact our financial condition temporarily and also delay our growth prospects. 

27 

**_6. We depend on a few customers of our products, for a significant portion of our revenue, and any decrease in revenues or sales from any one of our key customers may adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our Company is engaged in the business of manufacturing MCC and its various grades for sale to various end users, merchants, distributors and exporters. For the quarter ended June 30, 2021 and for the fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, Rs. 2,857.69, Rs. 9008.41 lakhs, Rs. 5325.38 lakhs and Rs. 5306.53 lakhs were derived from our top five customers, respectively. These amounts derived from our top five customers, were 53.13%, 47.93%, 38.36% and 41.49%, respectively, of our revenue from operations. As of June 30, 2021, based on management estimates, the revenue from the pharmaceutical, food, nutraceuticals and the cosmetic industries was Rs. 3,785.77 lakhs, Rs. 504.77 lakhs, Rs. 504.77 lakhs and Rs. 252.38 lakhs respectively, that accounts for 75%, 10%, 10% and 5% respectively of our revenues. Our business operations are highly dependent on our customers, especially from the pharmaceutical industry which we cater to and the loss of any of our customers from any industry which we cater to may adversely affect our sales and consequently on our business and results of operations. 

While we typically have long term relationships with our customers, we have not entered into long terms agreements with our customers and the success of our business is accordingly significantly dependent on us maintaining good relationships with our customers and suppliers. The actual sales by our Company may differ from the estimates of our management due to the absence of long-term agreements. The loss of one or more of these significant or key customers or a reduction in the amount of business we obtain from them could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain historic levels of business and/or negotiate and execute long term contracts on terms that are commercially viable with our significant customers or that we will be able to significantly reduce customer concentration in the future. 

Further, neither do we have any exclusive agents, dealers, distributors nor have we entered into any agreements with any of the market intermediaries for selling or marketing our products. If there occurs any change in the market conditions, requirements of our customers, or if we fail to identify and understand evolving industry trends, preferences or fail to meet our customers’ demands, it might have a direct impact on our revenue and customer base. The inability to procure new orders on a regular basis or at all may adversely affect our business, revenues, cash flows and operations. 

**_7. The commercial success of our products depends to a large extent on the success of the products of our end use customers. If the demand for the end use products in which our products are used as a raw material decline, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

The products manufactured and supplied by us are primarily utilized as an excipient for the finished products manufactured in the pharmaceutical, food, nutraceuticals and cosmetic industry. For instance, HiCel DG, a grade of MCC is used in the pharmaceutical products to provide superior compatibility and robustness with low bulk density to the end use dosage, HiCel CE 15 another grade of MCC manufactured by us is used as a raw material in the food industry to provide creamier texture to the end use product. For further details, please refer to the chapter titled “ _Our Business –Products_ ” at page 160 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

The demand of our products is directly proportional to the demand of the products of our customers who use our products in their manufacturing process. Therefore, the commercial success of our business is highly dependent on the commercial viability, demand and success of the end use products of our customers. Any downturn in the demand of such products could have a direct impact on the demand of our products and our business operations. Any disturbance in the industry in which our customers supply their end use products could adversely impact our business due to our high dependence on our customers. A reduction in the demand, development and production activities in the industries in which the end use products of our customers are supplied to, may correspondingly cause a decline in the demand for our products due to a slump in the business activities of our customers. Alternatively, in the event our customers are able to devise a manufacturing process without our product forming a part of their process or if our customers are able to find a cheaper alternative for our products, it may conversely result in a reduction in the demand of our products and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to devise an end use application of our products or diversify the application of our products to such an extent that failure of one industry will not hamper the business 

28 

operations of our products. We also cannot assure you that we will be able to manufacture such products which would be irreplaceable. Our failure to effectively react to these situations or to successfully introduce new products or new applications for our existing products could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_8. We may face several risks associated with the proposed expansion of our existing manufacturing facilities and for manufacturing of CCS at the Proposed Unit, which could hamper our growth, prospects, cash flows and business and financial condition._** 

We intend to utilize the Net Proceeds of this Issue to enhance the production capacity of our products by increasing the existing capacity of our Unit II and Unit III and for manufacturing of CCS at the Proposed Unit. For further details, please refer to the chapter titled “ _Object of the Issue – Details of Object of the Issue_ ” at page 95 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

During the process of expansion of production facilities at Unit II and Unit III as well as installation of production facilities at the Proposed Unit, we may face several difficulties such as cost overruns or delays for various reasons, including, but not limited to, our financial condition, changes in business strategy and external factors such as market conditions, competitive environment and interest or exchange rate fluctuations, changes in design and configuration, increase in input costs of construction materials and labour costs, incremental preoperative expenses, taxes and duties, start-up costs, interest and finance charges, working capital margin, environment and ecology costs and other external factors which may not be within the control of our management. Due to the on-going pandemic and the lockdown imposed by various State and Central Governments and in view of the current scenario we cannot assure you that we will be able to enhance our production capacity without facing delays or time and cost overruns. 

Any delay in the aforementioned expansion of the production capacities, could lead to revenue loss for our Company. Further, our expansion plan may be subject to delays and other risks, which may be caused due to certain other unforeseen events, such as unforeseen engineering or technical problems, disputes with workers, unanticipated cost increases or changes in scope and delays in obtaining certain property rights and government approvals and consents. While we may seek to minimize the risks from any unanticipated events, it cannot be assured that all potential delays could be mitigated and that we will be able to prevent any cost and time over-runs and any loss of profits resulting from such delays, shortfalls and disruptions. 

Further, the budgeted cost may prove insufficient to meet the requirements of the proposed capital expenditure due to, among other things, cost escalation, which could drain our internal cash flows or compel us to raise additional capital, which may not be available on terms favorable to us or at all. We cannot assure that we will be able to complete the aforementioned expansion in accordance with the proposed schedule of implementation and any delay in setting up such plants in a timely manner, or at all, could have an adverse impact on our growth, prospects, cash flows and business and financial condition. 

We also cannot assure you that we will be able to receive the approvals for the expansion of the production facilities in Unit II and Unit III and the installation of production facilities in the Proposed Unit in a timely manner. If we are not able to receive the required approvals at all or if there is a delay in receiving the same, all other operations, which are to be undertaken for the completion of the expansion might also be delayed. The quotations for plant and machinery and civil works received by us from various vendors and contractors might expire and we may be compelled to purchase the same at a higher cost. Our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity would be materially and adversely affected if our project or construction costs materially exceed such budgeted amounts. For further details, please refer to chapters titled ― “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” and “ _Our Business_ ” on pages 93 and 153, respectively of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_9. Our Company has experienced negative cash flow in the past and may continue to do so in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Our Company has experienced negative net cash flow in operating, investing and financing activities in the past, the details of which are provided below: 

|**Particulars**|**June 30,**<br>**2021**|**June 30,**<br>**2020**|**March 31,**<br>**2021**|**March 31,**<br>**2020**|_(₹ in lacs)_<br>**March 31,**<br>**2019**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Net Cash Flow from/(used in)|(355.70)|570.75|2,955.11|1,213.86|1,445.88|
|Operating Activities||||||



29 

|**Particulars**|**June 30,**<br>**2021**|**June 30,**<br>**2020**|**March 31,**<br>**2021**|**March 31,**<br>**2020**|**March 31,**<br>**2019**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Net cash generated from/(used in)<br>investing activities|(596.20)|(138.23)|(1,143.23)|(682.41)|(595.93)|
|Net Cash Flow from/(used in)<br>Financing Activities|461.56|(293.88)|(1,069.22)|314.29|(893.42)|



The Company has suffered negative net cash flow in the financial year ended March 31, 2019 amounting to Rs. 43.47 lakhs. We hereby confirm that the Company suffered negative cash flow due to repayment of certain long term and short term capital loans amounting to Rs. 508.77 lakhs. It is further clarified that despite having a negative net cash flow, the Company’s net cash flow from operating activities for the same period was Rs. 1,445.88 lakhs. 

We may incur negative cash flows in the future which may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_10. Our Company has received a Demand Notice from Saffron Capital Advisors Private Limited, under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 and is in the process of filing Company Petition before the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Hyderabad Bench at Hyderabad_** _._ 

In and around March 2019 the Company had engaged the services of Saffron Capital Advisors Private Limited (“Saffron”) to act as the Book Running Lead Manager in the proposed initial public offering of the Company. On September 27, 2020 the Company had filed its DRHP (“ **old DRHP** ”), however the Company was desirous of increasing the Issue Size and accordingly resolved to appoint a new Book Running Lead Manager. Subsequently the old DRHP was withdrawn on July 27, 2021. On August 2, 2021 Saffron addressed a letter demanding professional fees for marketing activities conducted by them. 

On September 2, 2021 Saffron sent a Demand Notice (invoice demanding payment) under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016 to our Company and had claimed an amount of Rs. 790 lacs (inclusive of GST). Our Company had replied to the Demand Notice by way of a letter dated September 9, 2021 denying all allegations and averments. 

As per the Engagement letter the Company was liable to make payment towards Issue Management at stage wise tranches. The Company has thus made payment towards accrued amounts towards all the invoices raised by Saffron in line with the stage wise tranches for filing of the old DRHP without any demur or protest. However, Saffron is claiming the above additional amount towards marketing and underwriting fees which would have only been payable on the successful completion of the IPO. Thus, since the old DRHP was withdrawn by both the Company and Saffron and the IPO on the basis of the same did not come to be, the above additional amount demanded is untenable and frivolous. However, we cannot assure that the Company would not be held liable by the courts. In the event that the Company may be held liable, it may be required to pay a claim amount decided by the court. However, such claim amount would not have a material impact on the business operations or financials of our Company. Saffron has filed a Company Petition bearing no. C.P. (IB) – 269/2021 before the Hon’ble National Company Law Tribunal, Hyderabad. The Company Petition was registered on October 7, 2021. As on date of filing this Red Herring Prospectus, the matter has not yet been listed for hearing. 

# **_11. Our wholly owned Subsidiary has incurred losses in the past._** 

Our Subsidiary has incurred losses in the past, details of which are as under: 

|||||_(in USD)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Name of the entity**|||**Profit/(Loss)**||
||**June 30,2021**|**March 31, 2021**|**March 31, 2020**|**March 31, 2019**|
|Sigachi US Inc|54,948|2,70,752|9,210|(77,250)|



There can be no assurance that our Subsidiary will not incur losses in any future periods, or that there will not be an adverse effect on our reputation or business as a result of such losses. Such losses incurred by our Subsidiary may be perceived adversely by external parties such as customers, bankers, and suppliers, which may affect our reputation. 

30 

**_12. Our Subsidiary had a negative Net Worth in the past_** 

Our Subsidiary, Sigachi US., Inc. had negative Net Worth in the past due to losses incurred as stated in the earlier risk factor, details of which are provided below: 

|**Name of the entity**|||**Net Worth**|_(in USD)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|
||**June 30,2021**|**March 31, 2021**|**March 31, 2020**|**March 31, 2019**|
|Sigachi US., Inc.|1,79,977|1,26,529|(1,32,509)|(1,47,019)|



Although our Subsidiary has a positive Net Worth as of March 31, 2021, there can be no assurance that our Subsidiary will continue to maintain a positive Net Worth in the future. 

**_13. We cannot assure you that the proposed expansion of our existing manufacturing facilities at Unit II and Unit III situated at Dahej and Jhagadia respectively, and manufacturing of CCS at the Proposed Unit will become operational as scheduled, or at all, or operate as efficiently as planned. If we are unable to commission our new facilities in a timely manner or without cost overruns, it may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We intend to utilise the proceeds of this Issue amounting to ₹8,969.82 lacs to expand our existing manufacturing facilities at Unit II and Unit III situated at Jhagadia and Dahej respectively, and to manufacture CCS at the Proposed Unit as per the proposed schedule of implementation (for further details, please refer to “ _Objects of the Issue – Proposed Schedule of Implementation_ ” on page 125). Our expansion plan may be subject to delays and other risks, among other things, unforeseen engineering or technical problems, disputes with workers, force majeure events, unanticipated cost increases or changes in scope and delays in obtaining certain property rights and government approvals and consents. Additionally, we may face risks in commissioning the proposed facilities including but not limited to, delays in the construction or for other unknown reasons, our proposed facilities do not function as efficiently as intended, or utilisation of the proposed facilities is not optimal, we may not be able to take additional orders to produce anticipated or desired revenue as planned any of which could result in delays, cost overruns or the termination of the plan for expansion of our manufacturing units. 

In the event of any delay in the schedule of implementation or if we are unable to complete the proposed expansion as per the scheduled time, it could lead to revenue loss. While we may seek to minimize the risks from any unanticipated events, it cannot be assured that all potential delays could be mitigated and that we will be able to prevent any cost over-runs and any loss of profits resulting from such delays, shortfalls and disruptions. As a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. For further details, please refer to the chapter titled ― “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” on page 93 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_14. Our business and prospects may be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain and grow the image of our brands. Further, our Company vide a deed of assignment has assigned majority of our trademarks to Amit Raj Sinha Family Trust, one of our promoter group entities. In the event, any actions of our Company qualify as a breach of any of the clauses of this deed, it could have a material impact on our goodwill, business operations, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our Company has created a brand presence with our brands such as “HiCel”, “AceCel”, “BARETab”, “CosmoCel”, etc. For further details of our brands and the trademarks of our Company, please refer to the chapters titled “ _Our Business - ‘Intellectual Property Rights’_ ” and “ _Government and other Statutory Approvals - ‘Intellectual Property Related Approvals_ ’” on pages 169 and 307 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

We sell our products under our brands, which we believe are well recognized, have been developed to cater to customers and have contributed to the success of our business in the market for excipients. We believe our brand’s image serve in attracting customers to our products in preference over those of our competitors. Maintaining and enhancing the recognition and reputation of these brands is critical to our business and competitiveness. Many factors, some of which are beyond our control, are important for maintaining and enhancing our brands, including maintaining or improving customer satisfaction and the popularity of our products and increasing brand awareness through brand building initiatives. In particular, from time to time we launch new grades of MCC with diverse applications, and if any of those products do not meet standards for quality and performance or customers’ subjective expectations, our brand reputation and the sales of our products may be impacted. If we fail to maintain our reputation, enhance our brand recognition or increase 

31 

positive awareness of our products, or the quality of our products declines, our business and prospects may be adversely affected. 

Furthermore, our Company has entered into a deed of assignment dated April 4, 2019 with Amit Raj Sinha Family Trust, one of our promoter group entities (hereinafter referred to as the “ **_Assignee_** ”). _Vide_ this deed of assignment, our Company on receiving a consideration of ₹2.40 lacs from the Assignee has assigned the majority of our trademarks to the Assignee which were registered in our name or in the name of Sigachi Plasticisers Private Limited, which is now amalgamated with our Company. The details of the assigned trademarks can be seen in the chapters titled, “ _Our Business-‘Intellectual Property Rights’”_ and “ _Government and other Statutory Approvals- ‘Intellectual Property Related Approvals_ ’” on pages 169 and 307 of this Red Herring Prospectus. By way of a supplemental deed dated September 14, 2020 to the Deed of Assignment dated April 4, 2019, our Company can make unrestricted, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sub licensable non royalty bearing use of the trademarks mentioned therein for a period of five years until March 31, 2025, without payment of any royalty or any other monetary consideration. However, the Board of our Company on the recommendation of Audit Committee has resolved vide resolution dated April 7, 2021 to pay 1% of the net sales for each financial year as royalty to Amit Raj Sinha Family Trust for usage of assigned trademarks. Such royalty payments shall be made by our Company from April 1, 2025 for a period of 10 (ten) years i.e., till year 2035. We cannot assure you that the supplemental deed will be renewed partially or fully, on terms and conditions which may be favourable to our Company. It may be possible that after the expiry of the period as mentioned in the supplemental deed, the deed of assignment restricts our Company to fully make use of our trademarks and also provides the Assignee with the right of initiating legal action against our Company in the event our Company causes a breach of any of the clauses of the deed. In the event, the Assignee files any litigation against us for breach or termination of the contract, such litigation could be time consuming and costly and the outcome cannot be guaranteed. Such litigations could be time consuming and the outcome of such litigations may not always be in our favor and we may also be exposed to the risk of losing our goodwill and the brands under which we sell our products. Additionally, we cannot assure that we will continue to be able to fully protect our intellectual property in the best possible manner for marketing our products. As a result our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 

# **_15. Depleting forest reserves may reduce the raw material availability, resulting in increase in raw material cost._** 

The key raw material used by us in our manufacturing units for manufacturing MCC and its various grades is wood pulp sheet. Our business operations are highly dependent on the easy availability of wood pulp sheets in the market. Every year large hectares of land are deforested for various activities, including human settlement, industrial uses, farming amongst others. In the absence of equivalent afforestation, such continuous depletion of the natural forest resources may result in reduction of raw material availability and consequently increase our raw material costs. With the increase in raw material costs we will be forced to increase the cost of our products which will affect our cost competitiveness. As of date, we have not been able to find an alternative for wood pulp sheets for manufacturing our products and our continuous business operations are highly dependent on the availability of this key raw material. In the event, due to the depleting forest reserves, we are unable to source the raw material and are unable to find a substitute for wood pulp sheets we may be forced to halt or permanently stop our business operations. Further, if the government introduces policies or laws regulating the use of wood pulp, our operations would be highly affected by such policies and we cannot assure you that our end use customers will not be affected by the same. On happening of such events, the continuity of our business operations, revenue, result of operations and financial condition may adversely be affected. 

**_16. The global scope of our operations exposes us to risks of doing business in foreign countries, including the constantly changing economic, regulatory, social and political conditions in the jurisdictions in which we operate and seek to operate, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We sell our products in countries such as Australia, USA, South America, U.K., Poland, Italy, Denmark, China, Colombia, Bangladesh, etc. in Fiscal 2019, 2020 and 2021, and quarter ended June 30, 2021 59.44% 61.18% and 68.15%, and 67.38% respectively of our revenue from operations was from exports. The amounts specified above are ₹ 7,603.39 lakhs, ₹ 8,493.61 lakhs and ₹ 12,808.17 lakhs and ₹ 3,624.47 lakhs for the Fiscals 2019, 2020, 2021 and quarter ended June 30, 2021 respectively. Our wholly owned Subsidiary, Sigachi US, Inc. has been incorporated in Virginia, USA to ensure our international market 

32 

presence and help us cater to the needs and requirements of our international customers. We seek to maintain and expand our international sales operations with the help of our Wholly Owned Subsidiary. Our business is therefore subject to diverse and constantly changing economic, regulatory, social and political conditions in the jurisdictions in which we operate and seek to operate. 

Operating in the international markets exposes us to a number of risks, including, but not limited to, compliance with local laws and regulations, which can be onerous and costly as the magnitude and complexity of, and continual amendments to, those laws and regulations are difficult to keep abreast with and the liabilities, penalties, costs, obligations and requirements associated with these laws and regulations can be substantial. Our failure to comply with and adapt to changing international regulations and/or trends may result in us failing to maintain and/or expand our international sales operations, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In case of any contingencies in the future, due to which we are unable to operate effectively in these markets, our results of operations, revenues and profitability may be adversely affected. Due to this, we may not be able to expand our business effectively in the international market, thereby affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_17. In the past, there have been instances of delays and non-filings of certain forms which were required to be filed as per the reporting requirements under the Companies Act, 1956 and Companies Act, 2013 to RoC. Further, there have also been instances where our Company has inadvertently filed incorrect information with the RoC in its statutory filings._** 

In the past, there have been certain instances of delays in filing statutory forms as per the reporting requirements under the Companies Act, 1956 and Companies Act, 2013 with the RoC such as in the year 2014 Company had appointed Mr. Amit Raj Sinha as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) but the applicable form i.e. e-Form DIR-12 for the said appointment was not filed with the Registrar of Companies (ROC). To rectify this non-compliance, the Company filed e-Form DIR-12 with the in the year 2019. Further, a discrepancy existed between the actual number of shares issued pursuant to the ‘bonus issue’ dated July 30, 2021 and the number of shares reflecting in the minutes of the board meeting in which the resolution of allotment of bonus shares was approved by the Company. The Company has rectified such typographical errors appearing in the minutes. Further, there have been instances of non-filings of statutory forms with RoC as per the reporting requirements laid down under the Companies Act 1956 and Companies Act, 2013 such as, our Company failed to file form CHG-1 to register the charge created by our lender, Kotak Mahindra Bank on some of our leasehold properties with the Registrar of Companies. 

In addition to the above there were certain clerical errors made while filling up the ROC forms which were not substantial in nature and the ROC, Telangana has never issued any show cause notice till date. Also, no penalty or fine has been imposed by any regulatory authority in respect to the same. However, it cannot be assured, that there will not be such instances in the future or our Company will not commit any further delays or defaults in relation to its reporting requirements, or any penalty or fine will not be imposed by any regulatory authority in respect to the same. The happening of such event may cause a material effect on our results of operations and financial position. 

**_18. Our continued operations are critical to our business and any shutdown of our manufacturing unit may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our manufacturing units are located in Gujarat and Hyderabad. As a result, any local social unrest, natural disaster or breakdown of services and utilities in these areas could have material adverse effect on the business, financial position and results of our operations. Our current and proposed manufacturing units are subject to operating risks, such as breakdown or failure of equipment, power supply or processes, reduction or stoppage of water supply, performance below expected levels of efficiency, obsolescence, natural disasters, industrial accidents and the need to comply with the directives of relevant government authorities. 

In the event, we are forced to shut down our manufacturing units for a prolonged period, it would adversely affect our earnings, our results of operations and financial condition as a whole. Spiraling cost of living around our units may push our manpower costs in the upward direction, which may reduce our margin and cost competitiveness. For instance, due to the ongoing pandemic and the lockdown imposed by the Central Government and various state governments, we may be required to shut down all our manufacturing units 

33 

which may cause an adverse impact on our business operations, revenue, results of operations and financial conditions. 

In addition to the above if any of our manufacturing units suffer losses as a result of any industrial accident, we may be forced to shut down our manufacturing units which could result in us being unable to meet with our commitments, which will have an adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. Further, any contravention of or non-compliance with the terms of various regulatory approvals applicable to our manufacturing units may also require us to cease or limit production until such noncompliance is remedied to the satisfaction of relevant regulatory authorities. We cannot assure you that we will not experience work disruptions in the future resulting from any dispute with our employees or other problems associated with our employees and the labor involved in our manufacturing units, which may hinder our regular operating activities and lead to disruptions in our operations, which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

**_19. Any failure in our quality control processes may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may face product liability claims and legal proceedings if the quality of our products does not meet our customers’ expectations._** 

Our products may contain certain quality issues or undetected errors, due to defects in manufacture of products or raw materials which are used in the products. We have implemented quality control processes for our raw materials and finished goods on the basis of internal and international quality standards. We are engaged in export operations as well and have to fulfill the quality conditions and processes prescribed under the United States Pharmacopeia (“ **USP** ”), British Pharmacopeia (“ **BP** ”), India Pharmacopeia (“ **IP** ”) and European Pharmacopeia (“ **EP** ”). We have a separate Quality Division which carries out necessary standard operating procedures (“ **SOP** ”), standard test procedures (“ **STP** ”) on the raw materials and the finished products. However, we cannot assure you that our quality control processes or our product will pass the quality tests and inspections conducted by various international and domestic agencies as per their prescribed standards will not fail. Any shortcoming in the raw materials procured by us or in the production of our products due to failure of our quality control procedures, negligence and human error or otherwise, may damage our products and result in deficient products. It is imperative for us to meet the international quality standards set by our international customers and agencies as deviation from the same can cause them to reject our products and can also cause damage to our reputation, market standing and brand value. 

In the event the quality of our products is sub-standard or our products suffer from defects and are returned by our customers due to quality complaints, we might be compelled to take back the sub-standard products and reimburse the cost paid by our customers. Such quality lapses could strain our long standing relationships with domestic and international customers and our reputation and brand image may suffer, which in turn may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our customers may lose faith in the quality of our products and could in turn refuse to further deal in our products, which could have a severe impact on our revenue and business operations. We also face the risk of legal proceedings and product liability claims being brought against us by our customers for defective products sold. We cannot assure you that we will not experience any material product liability losses in the future or that we will not incur significant costs to defend any such claims. A product liability claim may adversely affect our reputation and brand image, as well as entail significant costs. 

**_20. Any adverse change in regulations governing our products and the products of our customers, may adversely impact our business prospects and results of operations._** 

Regulatory requirements with respect to our products and the products of our customers are subject to change. An adverse change in the regulations governing the development of our products and their usage by our customers, including the development of licensing requirements and technical standards and specifications or the imposition of onerous requirements, may have an adverse impact on our operations. Our Company may be required to alter our manufacturing and/or distribution process and target markets and incur capital expenditure to achieve compliance with such new regulatory requirements applicable to us and our customers. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with the regulatory requirements. If we fail to comply with new statutory or regulatory requirements, there could be a delay in the submission or grant of approval for manufacturing and marketing new products or we may be required to withdraw existing products from the market. Moreover, if we fail to comply with the various conditions attached to such approvals, licenses, 

34 

registrations and permissions once received, the relevant regulatory body may suspend, curtail or revoke our ability to market such products and/or we may be deemed to be in breach of our arrangements with our customers. Consequently, there is an inherent risk that we may inadvertently fail to comply with such regulations, which could lead to forced shutdowns and other sanctions imposed by the relevant authorities, as well as the withholding or delay in receipt of regulatory approvals for our new products, which may adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_21. If our product development efforts do not succeed, we may not be able to improve our existing products and/or introduce new products, which could adversely affect our results of operations, growth and prospects. Further, if we are unable to anticipate and respond to changes in the market trends and changing customer preferences in a timely and effective manner, or if we fail to maintain our reputation, brand value or increase the market for our products, the demand for our products may decline._** 

In order to remain competitive, we are required to review the performance of our existing products and the manufacturing process and take necessary actions to improve functionality and/or efficiency and also identify new applications for our existing products and new potential products, in compliance with applicable regulatory standards. To accomplish this, we commit substantial effort, funds and other resources towards our R&D Division. Our ongoing investments towards product development could result in higher costs without a corresponding increase in revenues. However, we cannot assure you that the product development initiatives taken by our Company would succeed or result in an improvement in either our existing products or manufacturing process which may affect our ability to compete with our competitors and have an adverse effect on our operations. Further, our product development initiatives with respect to developing new uses for existing products or new products may not result in the development of cost-effective or economically viable solutions, thereby affecting our operations, growth and prospects. 

Our business is highly dependent on our ability to compete in the industry with the help of our R&D division by devising innovative grades of our products which have varied applications in the niche segment of the industry as well. If we are unable to gauge the changing technology and demand in the industry and are unable to upgrade our product portfolio in line with the same it may have an adverse effect on our business operations. Our products have varied applications and are majorly used in the pharmaceutical, food, nutraceuticals and cosmetic industries. Since our products form a key raw material for manufacturing the end use products of our customers, we are expected to be aware of the changing technologies and regulatory requirements. A significant feature of the excipient industry is the rapidly innovating technology and advancement in the research and development of the products. Therefore, results of our operations are dependent on our ability to anticipate, gauge and respond to such changes and devise new products or modify our existing products in lines with the changes in market trends as well as customer demands and preferences. If we are unable to respond to the technological advancements or in the event our R&D Division is unable to upgrade our products periodically as per the prevalent market trends, or if we are unable to adapt to such changes by launching new products as per the demand, we may significantly lose our market position and existing customer base which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Maintaining and enhancing our brand recognition and reputation is critical to our business and the competitiveness of our products. Many factors, some of which are beyond our control, are important for maintaining and enhancing our brand reputation and competitiveness of our products, including maintaining or improving customer satisfaction and increasing the popularity of our products. In particular, we launch new products, and if any of those products do not meet standards for quality the international and domestic quality standards or efficiently contribute to the end use products of our customers, our market standing, reputation and the sales of our products may have an adverse impact. If we fail to maintain our reputation, or increase the market for our products, or the quality of our products declines, our business and prospects may be adversely affected. 

**_22. The cost estimates for the proposed expansion of manufacturing facilities of Unit II and Unit III situated at Jhagadia and Dahej respectively and the manufacturing of CCS at the Proposed Unit have been derived from internal estimates of our management and may not be accurate._** 

The estimated cost of the proposed expansion of manufacturing facilities of Unit II and Unit III situated at Jhagadia and Dahej respectively and the manufacturing of CCS at the Proposed Unit to be utilized from the net proceeds is approximately ₹ 8,969.82 lacs. For ascertaining this cost reliance has been placed on the estimates, budgets and numerous assumptions made by our management and any bank or financial institution has not appraised the same. The actual costs of expansion of our manufacturing units may exceed such 

35 

budgeted amounts due to a variety of factors such as construction delays, escalation cost of raw material, interest rates, labour costs, regulatory and environmental factors, weather conditions and our financing needs. Our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity would be materially and adversely affected if our expansion costs materially exceed such budgeted amounts. As a result our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. For further details of the schedule of implementation, see “ _Objects of the Issue – Schedule of Implementation_ ” on page 94 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_23. Our Company has set up our manufacturing units in Jhagadia and Dahej in 2010 and 2012 therefore, these manufacturing units have a limited operating history, which might make it difficult for the investors to evaluate our historical performance or future prospects._** 

Our Company is engaged in the business of manufacturing MCC of various grades and forms. In 2010, our Company in order to expand our business operations had set up an additional manufacturing unit in Jhagadia. In 2012, we were successful in further expanding our business operations by setting up another manufacturing unit for MCC in Dahej. In comparison to our manufacturing unit situated at Hyderabad, we have a limited operating history of our manufacturing units situated in Gujarat and we may not have sufficient experience to address the risks related to the said manufacturing units. Further, our manufacturing unit at Dahej is situated in Special Economic Zone, therefore it is is entirely an export-oriented unit. Due to our limited experience of our export operations from the said manufacturing unit, we may not be able to identify the risks involved in such operations and therefore could fail to achieve timely fulfilment of our orders and the quality requirement of our products. 

Further, from the proceeds of this Issue, our Company endeavours to expand these manufacturing units, for further details on the proposed increase in manufacturing capacities please refer to the chapter titled ― “ _Objects of the Issue – Details of Objects of the Issue_ ” on page 95 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Due to our limited operational history in these manufacturing units, we cannot assure the commercial success from these manufacturing units. We may face difficulty in understanding the demand and supply patterns, updates in the research and development, marketing segments for such products which may pose a risk in the smooth operation, and working of our manufacturing units. In the event that we fail to understand the market operations and the risks related to the same, our business, financial performance and cash flows may be affected. We may also face difficulty in understanding the demand and supply patterns, market trends, marketing segments for our products which may pose a risk in the smooth operation, and working of our manufacturing units and the new facilities which are to be added. In the event that we fail to understand the market operations and the risks related to the same, our business, financial performance and cash flows may be affected. 

**_24. Some of the raw materials that we use are corrosive and combustible in nature. While we take adequate care and follow all relevant safety measures, there is a risk of fire and other accidents, at our manufacturing units and warehouses. Any accidents may result in loss of property of our Company and/or disruption in the manufacturing processes which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

The key raw material used by us for manufacturing MCC and its various grades is wood pulp sheet. Due to its combustible nature, we may be exposed to fires or other industrial accidents. While our Company believes that it has necessary controls and processes in place, any failure of such systems, mishandling of hazardous chemicals or any adverse incident related to the use of these chemicals or otherwise during the manufacturing process or storage of products and certain raw materials, may cause industrial accidents, fire, loss of human life, damage to our and third-party property or cause environmental damage. If any industrial accident, loss of human life or environmental damage were to occur we could be subject to significant penalties, other actionable claims and, in some instances, criminal prosecution. In addition to adversely affecting our reputation, any such accidents, may result in a loss of property of our Company and/or disruption in our manufacturing operations entirely, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition to the loss as a result of such fire or industrial accident, any shutdown of any of our manufacturing units could result in us being unable to meet our commitments, which will have an adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. 

Further, any fire or industrial accident, any shutdown of our manufacturing units or any environmental damages could increase the regulatory scrutiny and result in enhanced compliance requirements including on use of materials and effluent treatment which would, amongst others, increase the cost of our operations. 

36 

We cannot assure you that despite our best efforts we will not face similar situations at our manufacturing units which may result in significant loss to our Company and/or a disruption of our manufacturing operations. The loss incurred by our Company, though adequately insured, may or may not be recoverable through the insurance maintained by us. Such loss and/or disruption of our manufacturing operations may have a material adverse effect on our operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_25. Any delays and/or defaults in customer payments could result in increase of working capital investment and/or reduction of our Company’s profits, thereby affecting our operation and financial condition._** 

We are exposed to payment delays and/or defaults by our customers. Our financial position and financial performance are dependent on the creditworthiness of our customers. As per our business network model, we supply our products directly to our customers without taking any advance payment or security deposit against the orders placed by them. Such delays in payments may require our Company to make a working capital investment. We cannot assure you that payments from all or any of our customers will be received in a timely manner or to that extent will be received at all. If a customer defaults in making its payments on an order on which our Company has devoted significant resources, or if an order in which our Company has invested significant resources is delayed, cancelled or does not proceed to completion, it could have a material adverse effect on our Company’s results of operations and financial condition. For the Quarter ended June 30, 2021 and the Fiscals ending March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 our trade receivables were ₹ 4,500.28, ₹ 3,575.72, ₹ 2,760.23 and ₹ 2,470.47 lacs, respectively, out of which, debts amounting to ₹ 79.93, ₹ 62.68, ₹ 190.03 and ₹ 103.18 lacs were outstanding for a period exceeding six months. 

There is no guarantee on the timeliness of all or any part of our customers’ payments and whether they will be able to fulfill their obligations, which may arise from their financial difficulties, deterioration in their business performance, or a downturn in the global economy. If such events or circumstances occur, our financial performance and our operating cash flows may be adversely affected. 

**_26. Our inability to effectively manage our growth or to successfully implement our business plan and growth strategy could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We have experienced considerable growth over the past three years and we have expanded our operations and product portfolio. Our total revenue grew at a CAGR of 22.24% between Fiscals 2020 and 2021, while our restated profit after tax grew at a CAGR of 26.16% between Fiscals 2020 and 2021. We cannot assure you that our growth strategies will continue to be successful or that we will be able to continue to expand further, or at the same rate. 

Our inability to execute our growth strategies in a timely manner or within budget estimates or our inability to meet the expectations of our customers and other stakeholders, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our future prospects will depend on our ability to grow our business and operations. The development of such future business could be affected by many factors, including general, political and economic conditions in India, government policies or strategies in respect of specific industries, prevailing interest rates and price of equipment and raw materials. Further, in order to manage our growth effectively, we must implement, upgrade and improve our operational systems, procedures and internal controls on a timely basis. If we fail to implement these systems, procedures and controls on a timely basis, or if there are weaknesses in our internal controls that would result in inconsistent internal standard operating procedures, we may not be able to meet our customers’ needs, hire and retain new employees or operate our business effectively. Failure to manage growth effectively could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_27. Our Company requires significant amount of working capital for a continuing growth. Increase in business activities may be reflected by an absolute increase in the gap between our trade receivables and trade payables, requiring us to arrange for increased working capital limits. Our inability to meet our working capital requirements may adversely affect our results of operations._** 

Our business requires a significant amount of working capital. As per our settled business terms, we require our customers to pay the full amount of the consideration only after they receive the order, as a result, significant amounts of our working capital are often required to finance the purchase of raw material and execution of manufacturing processes before payment is received from our customers. Further, we are also required to meet the increasing demand and for achieving the same, adequate stocks have to be maintained 

37 

which requires sufficient working capital. In these times where the world is facing a health crisis due to the ongoing pandemic, the pharmaceutical industry all over the world is expecting an increase in demand which would directly increase the demand of our products due to their usage as an excipient for finished dosages in this industry. In the event, we are unable to source the required amount of working capital for addressing such increased demand of our products, we might not be able to efficiently satisfy the demand of our customers. Even if we are able to source the required amount of funds, we cannot assure you that such funds would be sufficient to meet our cost estimates and that any increase in the expenses will not affect the price of our products. 

Any delay in processing our payments by our customers may increase our working capital requirement. Further, if a customer defaults in making payments for a product on which we have devoted significant resources, it could affect our profitability and liquidity and decrease the capital reserves that are otherwise available for other uses. We may file a claim for compensation of the loss that we incurred pursuant to such defaults but settlement of disputes generally takes time and financial and other resources, and the outcome is often uncertain. In general, we take provisions for bad debts, including those arising from such defaults based primarily on ageing and other factors such as special circumstances relating to special customers. There can be no assurance that such payments will be remitted by our clients to us on a timely basis or that we will be able to effectively manage the level of bad debt arising from defaults. We may also have large cash outflows, including among others, losses resulting from environmental liabilities, litigation costs, adverse political conditions, foreign exchange risks and liability claims. 

All of these factors, including increase in business activities, may widen the absolute gap between trade receivables and trade payables putting strain on our Company’s financial resources and may result in increase in the amount of short-term borrowings/working capital loans. If we decide to raise additional funds through the incurrence of debt, our interest and debt repayment obligations will increase, and could have a significant effect on our profitability and cash flows and we may be subject to additional covenants, which could limit our ability to access cash flows from operations. Any issuance of equity, on the other hand, could result in a dilution of your shareholding. Accordingly, continued increases in our working capital requirements may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

**_28. We are dependent on information technology systems in carrying out our business activities and it forms an integral part of our business. Further, if we are unable to adapt to technological changes and successfully implement new technologies or if we face failure of our information technology systems, we may not be able to compete effectively which may result in higher costs and would adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

We are dependent on information technology system in connection with carrying out our business activities and such systems form an integral part of our business. Any failure of our information technology systems could result in business interruptions, including the loss of our customers, loss of reputation and weakening of our competitive position, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, our information technology systems, specifically our software may be vulnerable to computer viruses, piracy, hacking or similar disruptive problems. Computer viruses or problems caused by third parties could lead to disruptions in our business activities. Fixing such problems caused by computer viruses or security breaches may require interruptions, delays or temporary suspension of our business activities, which could adversely affect our operations. Breaches of our information technology systems may result in unauthorized access to confidential information. Such breaches of our information technology systems may require us to incur further expenditure to put in place advanced security systems to prevent any unauthorised access to our networks. Further, the commercial success of our business is highly dependent on the developmental and innovative breakthroughs of our R&D Division. In the event, any breach of our systems or software leads to the leaking of our trade secrets or any inventive techniques devised by our Company, it might lead to loss of our originality in the market and increase the chance of our products being substituted by the products of our competitors. 

Our future success depends in part on our ability to respond to technological advancements and emerging standards and practices on a cost-effective and a timely basis. Our failure to successfully adopt such technologies in a cost-effective manner could increase our costs thereby compelling us to bid at lower margins which might lead to loss of bidding opportunities vis-à-vis such competitors. Additionally, the government authorities may require adherence with certain technologies and we cannot assure you that we would be able to implement such technologies in a timely manner or at all. The cost of upgrading or implementing new technologies or upgrading our existing equipment or expanding our capacity could be 

38 

significant, less cost effective and therefore could negatively impact our profitability, results of operations, financial condition as well as our future prospects. 

**_29. Certain records and regulatory filings of our Company are not traceable._** 

Our Company does not have access to certain filings pertaining to certain historical secretarial information in relation to certain disclosures in this Red Herring Prospectus. These include, requisite filings required to be made with the RoC such as _inter alia_ (i) Form 1, Form 1A, Form 1B filed at the time of incorporation and change of name; (ii) Form 2 for allotments dated February 1, 1990,February 26, 1990, March 30, 1990, April 30, 1990, December 11, 1994 and March 22, 1996; (iii) Form 32 for appointment and regularization of Rabindra Prasad Sinha, Chidambarnathan Shanmuganathan, Sudha Sinha and Ganesh Gahlot on January 11, 1989, Form 32 for appointment of Chidambarnathan Shanmuganathan as Executive Director on June 1, 1990, Form 32 and Form 25C for the appointment of Rabindra Prasad Sinha as Managing Director on April 1, 2000, Form 32 for re-appointment of Chidambarnathan Shanmuganathan as Executive Director on April 1, 2000, Form 32 for appointment of Amit Raj Sinha as an Additional Director on December 1, 2009, Form 25C for the appointment of Amit Raj Sinha as the Joint Managing Director on December 1, 2009; (iv) Form 23ACA since incorporation till 2013; (v) Form 20B since incorporation till 2003; (vi) Form 23B for appointment of auditor since incorporation till 2008 and (vii) Form 5 INV since incorporation. 

Accordingly, we have relied on other documents, including annual returns, directors’ report, the statutory register of members of the Company, minutes of the meetings of the Board of Directors and Shareholders. While we believe that the forms were duly filed on a timely basis, we have not been able to obtain copies of these documents from the Registrar of Companies, or otherwise, which has been certified by Aakansha, Company Secretary in Practice _vide_ her search report dated September 8, 2020. We cannot assure you that these form filings will be available in the future or that we will not be subject to any penalties imposed by the relevant regulatory authority in this respect. 

**_30. We benefit from certain export benefits from the Government of India, which if withdrawn or modified may have a significant impact on our results operations._** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company receives certain export benefits from the Government of India. Due to our export activities, our Company enjoys certain benefits of incentives under the “Merchandise Exports from India Scheme” ( **MEIS** ) and “Duty Drawback Scheme” provided by the Central Government of India. Under the MEIS scheme, a percentage of achieved FOB (Free on Board) value of 2%, 3% or 5% of the exports, is paid as incentives. Further, under the Duty Drawback Scheme, the excise duty suffered on inputs, service tax paid for input service and customs duty paid on imported raw material during manufacturing of export goods are remitted after export of such goods. The withdrawal or modification of such export benefits may have an adverse effect on the cost of our imported raw materials, thereby having a significant impact on our results of operations. 

The MEIS scheme has been withdrawn by the Government of India w.e.f. January 1, 2021 and has been replaced by the Remission of Duties and Taxes on Export Products Scheme. As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company is not availing benefits under the Remission of Duties and Taxes on Export Products Scheme. However, as of June 30, 2021 we are receiving residuary benefits under the MEIS Scheme for our export operations completed until December 31, 2020. We cannot assure you that we would be eligible to receive benefits under the Remission of Duties and Taxes on Export Products Scheme or that if we receive benefits under the said scheme, they would be equivalent to the benefits received under the erstwhile MEIS Scheme. Any reduction in the export benefits received by our Company may have an adverse impact on our export operations, business and financial condition. For further details, please refer to the section titled “ _Financial Information_ ” and “ _Restated Financial Information – Annexure – VI - Notes to Restated Financial Information - Note 24 - “Other Income_ ” at page 256 of the RHP. 

**_31. We may be unable to grow our business in additional geographic regions or international markets, which may adversely affect our business prospects and results of operations._** 

Our Company seeks to grow its market reach domestically to explore untapped markets and segments; however, we cannot assure you that we will be able to grow our business as planned. Infrastructure and logistical challenges in addition to the advancement of research and development in the excipient industry, changing customers’ taste and preferences may prevent us from expanding our presence or increasing the penetration of our products. Further, customers may be price conscious and we may be unable to compete 

39 

effectively with the products of our competitors. If we are unable to grow our business in these new markets effectively, our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, expansion into new international markets is important to our long-term prospects. Competing successfully in international markets requires additional management attention and resources to tailor our services to the unique aspects of each new country. We may face various risks, including legal and regulatory restrictions, increased advertising and brand building expenditure, challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences, in addition to our limited experience with such markets and currency exchange rate fluctuations. International markets require a very high standard of quality of products and our Company may not be able to match the international standards thereby failing to make a brand presence in the international markets. If we are unable to make long-lasting relations with the major customers in the overseas market or if we are unable to justify the quality of our products to them, it may make it difficult for us to enter into such markets. These and other risks, which we do not foresee at present, could adversely affect any international expansion or growth, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_32. We do not own certain premises used by our Company. Disruption of our rights as licensee/ lessee or termination of the agreements with our licensors/ lessors would adversely impact our manufacturing operations and, consequently, our business._** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Registered Office, our manufacturing units situated at Jhagadia and Dahej (Gujarat), and the Proposed Unit at Kurnool, Andhra Pradesh and some of our warehouses and guesthouses have been taken on lease by our Company from related parties or third parties. For details, please refer to the chapter titled “ _Our Business- Land and Property_ ” on page 171 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

There can also be no assurance that our Company will be able to renew the lease agreements or deeds entered into with third parties in a timely manner or at all. Further, there can be no assurance that we will not face any disruption of our rights as a lessee/ licensee and that such leave and license and lease agreements will not be terminated prematurely by the licensor/ lessor. Any such non-renewal or early termination or any disruption of our rights as lessee/ licensee will adversely affect our business operations. 

**_33. Our application for renewal of certain licenses, approvals and registrations, which are required for our Company’s operations and business, are pending before the relevant authorities. Additionally, our Company shall apply for the pending governmental and regulatory approvals for the Proposed Unit. Further, some of the licenses and approvals have not been availed by our Company. Not receiving these licenses, approvals and registrations in a timely manner or at all may lead to interruption of our Company’s operations._** 

We require certain statutory and regulatory approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions to operate our manufacturing units, some of which are granted for a fixed period of time and need to be renewed from time to time. Our Company has made applications before the relevant authorities for renewal of some of the licenses, approvals and registrations that have expired which are pending before the relevant authorities. Further, there are certain licenses and approvals which have to be availed by our Company for our manufacturing units, but have not yet been applied for. There may also be instances in the future, wherein the statutory authorities can take legal actions against us for non - renewal or not availing certain licenses and approvals. However, as of date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there are no pending proceedings, which have been initiated against us by the statutory authorities with respect to licenses, approvals and registrations. We cannot assure you that in the near future there will not be any legal actions taken against us for the same. 

Our Company has applied for some of the material licenses and approvals for the expansion of our production facilities situated at Jhagadia and Dahej, however we are yet to apply for the remaining material approvals for the said expansion, which will be applied for at a later date. We cannot assure you that the relevant authorities will approve and provide us with such licenses, approvals and registrations for our new manufacturing unit or will renew such licenses, approvals and registrations, or if renewed, would do so in a timely manner. Additionally, our Company shall apply for the pending governmental and regulatory approvals for the Proposed Unit as and when required in the due course of time. Further, these licenses and approvals are subject to several conditions, and our Company cannot assure that it shall be able to continuously meet such conditions or be able to prove compliance with such conditions to statutory authorities, and this may lead to cancellation, revocation or suspension of relevant licenses, approvals and 

40 

registrations. Failure by our Company to renew, maintain or obtain the required licenses or approvals, or cancellation, suspension, or revocation of any of the licenses, approvals and registrations may result in the interruption of our Company’s operations and may adversely affect our business. For further details on the licenses obtained by our Company, please refer to the chapter titled ― “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 295 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_34. If our Company is unable to protect its intellectual property, or if our Company infringes on the intellectual property rights of others, our business may be adversely affected. Further our Company vide a deed of assignment has assigned majority of our trademarks to Amit Raj Sinha Family Trust, one of our promoter group entities. In the event, any actions of our Company qualify as a breach of any of the clauses of this deed, it could have a material impact on our goodwill, business operations, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our Company has created a brand presence with major brands such as “HiCel”, “AceCel”, “BARETab”, “CosmoCel”, etc. Our Company’s success largely depends on our brand name and brand image, therefore we have trademarked our brand names and their logos differentiating our Company’s products from that of our competitors. We deal under other brand names as well, which have also been trademarked by us to maintain a distinction and differentiation for our products and brands. Our current trademark _“SIGACHI”_ , although is owned by our Company under the provisions of the Trademarks Act, 1999, however _vide_ a deed of assignment dated April 4, 2019 executed with Amit Raj Sinha Family Trust, one of our promoter group entities (hereinafter referred to as the “ **_Assignee_** ”) has been assigned to the Assignee. Vide this deed of assignment; our Company on receiving a consideration of ₹ 2.40 lacs from the Assignee has assigned the majority of our trademarks including the trade name of our Company i.e. _“SIGACHI”_ to the Assignee which were registered in our name or in the name of Sigachi Plasticisers Private Limited, which is now amalgamated with our Company. The details of the assigned trademarks can be seen in the chapters titled, “ _Our Business-‘Intellectual Property Rights’_ ” and “ _Government and other Statutory Approvals- ‘Intellectual Property Related Approvals_ ’” on pages 169 and 307 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

The deed of assignment restricts our Company to fully make use of our trademarks and also provides the Assignee with the right of initiating legal action against our Company in the event our Company causes a breach of any of the clauses of the deed. In the event, the Assignee files litigation against us for any breach or termination of the contract, such litigation could be time consuming and costly and the outcome cannot be guaranteed. Further, the outcome of such litigations may not always be in our favor and we may also be exposed to the risk of losing our goodwill and the brands under which we sell our products. Our efforts to rightfully claim our brands and our intellectual property may not be adequate and may lead to erosion of our business value and our operations could be adversely affected. Additionally, we cannot assure that we will continue to be able to fully utilize our intellectual property in the best possible manner for marketing our products. As a result our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 

Further, the trademark applications which have been made by our Company for our major brands, “HiCel”, “HILOSE” and “CosmoCel” has been opposed on various grounds including prior proprietorship and prior registration and therefore is pending before the Registrar of Trademarks. The abovementioned applications for trademarks have also been assigned to the Assignee _vide_ the Deed of Assignment. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in such a challenge nor can we guarantee that eventually our trademark application will be approved, which in turn could result in significant monetary loss or prevent us from selling our products under our brand. In relation to our other pending applications, third parties may seek to oppose or otherwise challenge these registrations. As a result, we may not be able to prevent infringement of our trademarks and a passing off action may not provide sufficient protection until such time that this registration is granted. 

With respect to the trademarks which are still under our name and have not been assigned to the Assignee, we are exposed to the risk that other entities may pass off their products as ours by imitating our brand name and attempting to create counterfeit products. We believe that there may be other companies or vendors which operate in the unorganized segment using our trade name or brand names. Any such activities may harm the reputation of our brand and sales of our products, which could in turn adversely affect our financial performance. We rely on protections available under Indian law, which may not be adequate to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties. Furthermore, the application of laws governing intellectual property rights in India is uncertain and evolving, and could involve substantial risks to us. Notwithstanding the precautions we take to protect our intellectual property rights, it is possible that third 

41 

parties may copy or otherwise infringe on our rights, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. We may need to litigate third parties in order to prevent them from misusing our trademarks or brand names and any such litigation could be time consuming and the outcome cannot be guaranteed. We may not be able to detect any unauthorized use or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce or protect its intellectual property, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, the Board of our Company on the recommendation of Audit Committee has resolved vide resolution dated April 7, 2021 to pay 1% of the net sales as royalty to Amit Raj Sinha Family Trust for usage of assigned trademarks. Such royalty payments shall be made by or Company from April 1, 2025 for a period of 10 (ten) years i.e., till year 2035. For further details, please refer to the chapter titled “ _Government and other Statutory Approvals_ ” on pages 295 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_35. We are dependent on third party transportation providers for delivery of raw materials to us from our suppliers and delivery of our products to our customers. We have not entered into any formal contracts with our transport providers and any failure on part of such service providers to meet their obligations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operation._** 

Two of our manufacturing units are located in Gujarat and one manufacturing unit is located in Hyderabad. To ensure smooth functioning of our manufacturing operations, we need to maintain continuous supply and transportation of the raw materials required from the supplier to our manufacturing units or warehouses and transportation of our products from our units or warehouses to our customers, which may be subject to various uncertainties and risks. We are significantly dependent on third party transportation providers for the delivery of raw materials to us and delivery of our products to our customers. Uncertainties and risks such as transportation strikes or delay in supply of raw materials and products could have an adverse effect on our supplies and deliveries to and from our customers and suppliers. Additionally, raw materials and products may be lost or damaged in transit for various reasons including occurrence of accidents or natural disasters. A failure to maintain a continuous supply of raw materials or to deliver our products to our distribution intermediaries in a timely, efficient and reliable manner could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, we have not entered into any long-term agreements with our transporters for any of our manufacturing units and the costs of transportation are generally based on mutual terms and the prevailing market price. In the absence of such agreements, we cannot assure that the transport agencies would fulfill their obligations or would not commit a breach of the understanding with us. In the event that the finished goods or raw materials suffer damage or are lost during transit, we may not able to prosecute the agencies due to lack of formal agreements. Further, the transport agencies are not contractually bound to deal with us exclusively, we may face the risk of our competitors offering better terms or prices, which may cause them to cater to our competitors alongside us or on a priority basis, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_36. There are outstanding litigations involving our Company which, if determined adversely, may affect our business and financial condition._** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company is involved in certain legal proceedings. These legal proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts and tribunals. The amounts claimed in these proceedings have been disclosed to the extent ascertainable and includes amounts claimed jointly and/or severally from us and/or other parties, as the case may be. We cannot assure you that these legal proceedings will be decided in favour of our Company or that no further liability will arise out of these proceedings. We may incur significant expenses in such legal proceedings and we may have to make provisions in our financial statements, which could increase our expenses and liabilities. As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus the Company is not required to make any provisions for such amount, however an amount totaling upto ₹ 559.21 lacs has been accounted for as a contingent liability in the Restated Consolidated Financial Statement. Any adverse decision may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

A summary of the pending litigations involving our Company is provided below: 

42 

# **Cases filed against our Company:** 

|**Nature of Litigation**|**Number of matters outstanding**|**Amount involved* (₹ in**<br>**lacs)**|
|---|---|---|
|Criminal matters|-|-|
|Direct Tax matters|-|-|
|Indirect Tax matters|1|559.21|
|Actions taken by regulatory authorities|-|-|
|Material civil litigations|-|-|
|_*To the extent quantifiable_|||



For further details, please refer to the section titled “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 291 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_37. Our Company does not have any documentary evidence for the experience of one of our Directors._** 

Our Chairman and Non-Executive Director, Swami Das Nigam is unable to trace documents evidencing his past experience. Due to lack of documents and relevant information from the aforementioned Director, we have not disclosed details of his experience in his biographies in the chapter titled “ _Our Management_ ” as is required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations. For further details, please refer to the chapter titled “ _Our Management_ ” on page 197 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_38. If we are unable to identify customer demand accurately and maintain an optimal level of inventory proportionately, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected._** 

The success of our business depends upon our ability to anticipate and forecast customer demand and trends. Any error in such identification could result in either surplus stock, which we may not be able to sell in a timely manner, or no stock at all, or under stocking, which will affect our ability to meet customer demand. We plan our inventory and estimate our sales based on the forecast, demand and requirements for our products based on past data. An optimal level of inventory is important to our business as it allows us to respond to customer demand effectively by readily making our products available to our customers. Ensuring continuous availability of our products requires prompt turnaround time and a high level of coordination across raw material procurement, manufacturers, suppliers, warehouse management and departmental coordination. While we aim to avoid under-stocking and over-stocking, our estimates and forecasts may not always be accurate. If we fail to accurately forecast customer demand, we may experience excess inventory levels or a shortage of products available for sale. If we over-stock inventory, our capital requirements may increase and we may incur additional financing costs. Any unsold inventory would have to be sold at a discount, leading to losses. We cannot assure you that we will be able to sell surplus stock in a timely manner, or at all, which in turn may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we under-stock inventory, our ability to meet customer demand may be adversely affected. 

**_39. We have significant power and water requirements for continuous running of our factories. Any disruption to our operations on account of interruption in power and water supply or any irregular or significant hike in power tariffs may have an effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

All our manufacturing units have significant electricity and water requirements and any interruption in the supply of water or power may temporarily disrupt our operations. Our manufacturing unit situated at Dahej and Jhagadia receive power supply from Torrent Energy Limited and Dakshin Gujarat Vij Company Limited, respectively. Further, our manufacturing unit situated at Hyderabad receives its power supply from Telangana Power Corporation Limited. For our manufacturing unit situated at Hyderabad, we outsource our water for carrying out our manufacturing operations, whereas in the manufacturing units situated at Dahej and Jhagadia, water supply provided by Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation for carrying out our day-to-day operations. 

Since, we have a high power consumption, any unexpected or unforeseen increase in the tariff rates can increase the operating cost of our manufacturing unit and thereby cause an increase in the production cost which we may not be able to pass on to our customers. Water is one of the main components of our manufacturing unit, therefore continuous water supply is essential for smooth business operations of our Company. There are a limited number of electricity providers in the areas from where we operate due to which in case of a price hike, we may not be able to find a cost-effective substitute, which may negatively 

43 

affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. For further details, please refer to the chapter titled “ _Our Business - Power_ ” on page 167 and “ _Our Business - Water_ ” on page 167 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_40. We operate in a competitive business environment and our inability to compete effectively may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

The excipient industry in India is competitive with both organized and unorganized markets. However, we are required to compete both in the domestic and international markets. We may be unable to compete with the prices and products offered by our competitors (local as well as international). We may have to compete with new players in India and abroad who enter the market and are able to offer competing products. Our competitors may have access to greater financial, manufacturing, research and development, marketing, distribution and other resources and more experience in obtaining the relevant regulatory approvals. Increasing competition may result in pricing pressures and decreasing profit margins or loss of market share or failure to improve our market position, any of which could substantially harm our business and results of operations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete with our existing as well as future competitors as well as the products prices and payment terms offered by them. In addition, our customers may enter into contract manufacturing arrangements with third parties, for products that they are presently purchasing from us. Our failure to successfully face existing and future competition may have an adverse impact on our business, growth and development. 

Further, some of our competitors may be larger than we are or develop alliances to compete against us and may have greater resources, market presence and geographic reach and have products with better brand recognition than ours. Some of our competitors may be able to procure raw materials at lower costs than us, and consequently be able to sell their products at lower prices. As a result, our competitors may be able to withstand industry downturns better than us or provide customers with products at more competitive prices. Some of our international competitors may be able to capitalize on their overseas experience to compete in the Indian market. Consequently, we cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against our existing or potential competitors or that our business and results of operations will not be adversely affected by increased competition. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our existing market share. Our competitors may significantly increase their marketing expenses to promote their brands and products, which may require us to similarly increase our advertising and marketing expenses and engage in effective pricing strategies, which we may not be able to pass on to our customers which in turn may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For further details, please see “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 134 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_41. Our Promoters, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel have interests in our Company other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits._** 

Our Promoters, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel, may be deemed to be interested in our Company, in addition to the regular remuneration or benefits, reimbursements of expenses, Equity Shares held by them or their relatives, their dividend or bonus entitlement, benefits arising from their directorship in our Company. Our Promoters, Rabindra Prasad Sinha and Chidambarnathan Shanmuganathan are Whole-time Directors of our Company and Amit Raj Sinha is the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of our Company and therefore may be deemed to be interested in any remuneration which may be payable to them in such capacity. Our Corporate Promoter, RPS Projects and Developers Private Limited may also be deemed to be interested to the extent of the business transacted with our Company. Our Promoters, Director and Key Managerial Personnel may also be interested to the extent of any transaction entered into by our Company with any other company or firm in which they are directors or partners. For further details please refer to the chapters titled ― “ _Our Business - Land and Property_ ”, “ _Our Management - Interest of our Directors_ ”, “ _Our Promoter and Promoter Group - Interest of our Promoter and Other Interests and Disclosures_ ”, “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” and “ _Restated Financial Information - Annexure VI - Notes to Restated Financial Statements - Note 34 - Related Party Transactions”_ on pages 171, 205, 220, 266 and 256, respectively of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

There can be no assurance that our Promoters, Directors, Key Management Personnel will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. Our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group will continue to exercise significant control over our Company, including being able to control the composition of our Board of Directors and determine decisions requiring simple or special majority voting of shareholders, and our other shareholders may be unable to affect the outcome of such 

44 

voting. Our Directors and our Key Management Personnel may take or block actions with respect to our business, which may conflict with the best interests of our Company or that of minority shareholders. 

**_42. Our Promoters, Directors and members of our Promoter Group have extended personal guarantees with respect to loan facilities availed by our Company. Further, our Promoters, Directors and members of our Promoter Group have provided their property as collateral security for loan facilities availed by our Company. Revocation of any or all of these personal guarantees or withdrawal of such property may adversely affect our business operations and financial condition._** 

Our Promoters, Amit Raj Sinha, Rabindra Prasad Sinha and Chidambarnathan Shanmuganathan, our Corporate Promoter, RPS Projects and Developers Private Limited; our Whole-time Director, Vijaykumar Amrutlal Bhavsar and Dr. Dharani Devi, member of our Promoter Group have extended personal guarantees in favour of certain banks with respect to the loan facilities availed by our Company from them. Further, Rabindra Prasad Sinha, RPS Projects and Developers Private Limited, Vijaykumar Amrutlal Bhavsar and Sudha Sinha, member of our Promoter Grouphave provided their properties as collateral security for the loan availed by our Company. 

In the event any of these guarantees are revoked or the properties provided as collateral security are withdrawn, our lenders may require us to furnish alternate guarantees or an additional security or may demand a repayment of the outstanding amounts under the said facilities sanctioned or may even terminate the facilities sanctioned to us. There can be no assurance that our Company will be able to arrange such alternative guarantees or provide an alternate collateral security in a timely manner or at all. If our lenders enforce these restrictive covenants or exercise their options under the relevant debt financing agreements, our operations and use of assets may be significantly hampered and lenders may demand the payment of the entire outstanding amount and this in turn may also affect our further borrowing abilities thereby adversely affecting our business and operations. For further details, please refer to the chapter titled ― “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 266 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_43. Our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group have significant control over the Company and have the ability to direct our business and affairs; their interests may conflict with your interests as a shareholder._** 

Upon completion of this Issue, our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group will collectively hold [●]% of the Equity share capital of our Company. As a result, our Promoters will have the ability to exercise significant influence over all matters requiring shareholders’ approval. Accordingly, our Promoters will continue to retain significant control, including being able to control the composition of our Board of Directors, determine decisions requiring simple or special majority voting of shareholders, undertaking sale of all or substantially all of our assets, timing and distribution of dividends and termination of appointment of our officers, and our other shareholders may be unable to affect the outcome of such voting. There can be no assurance that our Promoters will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interests of our Company. Further, such control could delay, defer or prevent a change in control of our Company, impede a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving our Company, or discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our Company even if it is in our Company’s best interest. The interests of our Promoters could conflict with the interests of our other equity shareholders, and our Promoters could make decisions that materially and adversely affect your investment in the Equity Shares. 

**_44. The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares held by our Promoters could be lower than the Issue Price._** 

Our Promoters’ average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares in our Company may be lower than the Issue Price as may be decided by the Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager. For further details regarding average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoters in our Company and buildup of Equity Shares by our Promoters in our Company, please refer to the chapter titled “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 78 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_45. Our future fund requirements, in the form of further issue of capital or securities and/or loans taken by us, may be prejudicial to the interest of the Shareholders depending upon the terms on which they are eventually raised._** 

45 

We may require additional capital from time to time depending on our business needs. Any further issue of Equity Shares or convertible securities would dilute the shareholding of the existing Shareholders and such issuance may be done on terms and conditions, which may not be favorable to the then existing Shareholders. If such funds are raised in the form of loans or debt or preference shares, then it may substantially increase our fixed interest/dividend burden and decrease our cash flows, thus adversely affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_46. We have certain contingent liabilities and our financial condition and profitability may be adversely affected if any of these contingent liabilities materialize._** 

As of June 30, 2021, our contingent liabilities and commitments (to the extent not provided for) as disclosed in the notes to our Restated Consolidated financial statement aggregated to ₹648.43 lacs. The details of our contingent liabilities are as follows: 

||_(₹ in lacs)_|
|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Amount**|
|Service Tax demand for the period Aug 2014-June 2017|559.21|
|Bank Guarantees|89.22|
|**Total**|**648.43**|



For further details of contingent liability, see the section titled ― “ _Financial Information_ ” on page 227 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will not incur similar or increased levels of contingent liabilities in the future. 

**_47. We have in past entered into related party transactions and we may continue to do so in the future._** 

As of June 30, 2021 and as on March 31, 2021, we have entered into several related party transactions with our Promoters, individuals and entities forming a part of our promoter group and our Subsidiary relating to our operations. In addition, we have in the past also entered into transactions with other related parties. For further details, please refer to the chapter titled ― “ _Restated Financial Information- Annexure VI- Notes to Restated Financial Statements- Note 34-Related Party Transactions_ ” at page 256. 

Related party transactions with subsidiary and with certain of our promoters, directors and their entities and relatives, it primarily relates to remuneration, rent and sales. Below table describes the related party transactions as percentage of revenue of operations: 

|**Sr.**<br>**No**|**Type of**<br>**Related Party**<br>**Transactions**|**2018-19**<br>**(Rs.)**|**% of**<br>**Revenu**<br>**e of**<br>**operati**<br>**ons**|**2019-20**<br>**(Rs.)**|**% of**<br>**Revenue**<br>**of**<br>**operation**<br>**s**|**2020-21**<br>**(Rs.)**|**% of**<br>**Revenue**<br>**of**<br>**operatio**<br>**ns**|**June**<br>**30,**<br>**2021**<br>**(Rs.)**|**% of**<br>**Revenue**<br>**of**<br>**operatio**<br>**ns**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|1.|Sales with<br>Sigachi US, Inc,<br>wholly owned<br>subsidairy|826.16|6.40|1,140.80|8.20|2,599.56|13.48|784.16|14.27|
|2|Managerial<br>Remuneration|209.67|1.63|237.07|1.70|190.64|0.99|52.35|0.95|
|3.|Rent|5.94|0.05|13.17|0.10|14.96|0.08|4.31|0.08|
||**Total**|**1,041.77**|**8.08**|**1,391.04**|**10.00**|**2,805.16**|**14.55**|**840.82**|**15.30**|



While we believe that all our related party transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, we cannot assure you that we may not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. There can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or taken together, will not have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition, including because of potential conflicts of interest or otherwise. In addition, our business and growth prospects may decline if we cannot benefit from our relationships with them in the future. 

**_48. Our agreements with lenders for financial arrangements contain restrictive covenants for certain activities and if we are unable to get their approval, it might restrict our scope of activities and impede our growth plans._** 

We have entered into agreements for our borrowings with certain lenders. These borrowings include secured fund based and non-fund based facilities. These agreements include restrictive covenants which mandate 

46 

certain restrictions in terms of our business operations such as change in capital structure, formulation of any scheme of amalgamation or reconstruction, declaring dividends, further expansion of business, granting loans to directors, repaying unsecured loans from third parties, undertake guarantee obligations on behalf of any other borrower, which require our Company to obtain prior approval of the lenders for any of the above activities. We cannot assure you that our lenders will provide us with these approvals in the future. For details of these restrictive covenants, please refer to chapter titled ― “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 266 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Further, some of our financing arrangements include covenants to maintain our total outside liabilities and total net worth up to a certain limit and certain other liquidity ratios. We cannot assure prospective investors that such covenants will not hinder our business development and growth in the future. A default under one of these financing agreements may also result in cross-defaults under other financing agreements and result in the outstanding amounts under such financing agreements becoming due and payable immediately. Defaults under one or more of our Company’s financing agreements may limit our flexibility in operating our business, which could have an adverse effect on our cash flows, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

It may be possible for a lender to assert that we have not complied with all applicable terms under our existing financing documents. Further we cannot assure that we will have adequate funds at all times to repay these credit facilities and may also be subject to demands for the payment of penal interest. 

**_49. Our Subsidiary has availed certain unsecured loans which may be recalled at any time._** 

Our Subsidiary has availed certain unsecured loans of which an amount of US$ 20,001 (₹ 14.85 lacs) is outstanding as on June 30, 2021, which may be recalled at any time. In the event, any of such unsecured lenders seek a repayment of any these loans, our Subsidiary would need to find alternative sources of financing, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If our Subsidiary is unable to arrange for any such financing arrangements, our Company will have to provide the necessary funds to our Subsidiary to repay such loans which might affect our financial condition thereby leading to shortage of resources for our business and lack of adequate working capital to undertake new projects or complete our ongoing projects. Therefore, any such demand may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further details, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 266 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_50. In addition to our existing indebtedness for our existing operations, we may incur further indebtedness during the course of business. We cannot assure that we would be able to service our existing and/ or additional indebtedness._** 

As on September 15, 2021 our Company’s total fund based indebtedness is ₹ 1965.39 lakhs. In addition to the indebtedness for our existing operations, we may incur further indebtedness during the course of our business. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain further loans at favorable terms. Increased borrowings, if any, may adversely affect our debt-equity ratio and our ability to borrow at competitive rates. In addition, we cannot assure you that the budgeting of our working capital requirements for a particular year will be accurate. There may be situations where we may under-budget our working capital requirements, which may lead to delays in arranging additional working capital requirements, loss of reputation, levy of liquidated damages and can cause an adverse effect on our cash flows. 

Any failure to service our indebtedness or otherwise perform our obligations under our financing agreements entered with our lenders or which may be entered into by our Company, could trigger cross default provisions, penalties, acceleration of repayment of amounts due under such facilities which may cause an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For details of our indebtedness, please refer to the chapter titled ― “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 266 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_51. We have not made any alternate arrangements for meeting our capital requirements for the Objects of the Issue. Further, we have not identified any alternate source of financing the ‘Objects of the Issue’. Any shortfall in raising/ meeting the same could adversely affect our growth plans, operations and financial performance._** 

As on date, we have not made any alternate arrangements for meeting our capital requirements for the Objects of the Issue. We meet our capital requirements through our bank finance, unsecured loans, owned 

47 

funds and internal accruals. Any shortfall in our net owned funds, internal accruals and our inability to raise debt in future would result in us being unable to meet our capital requirements, which in turn will negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. Further, we have not identified any alternate source of funding and hence any failure or delay on our part to raise money from this issue or any shortfall in the issue proceeds may delay the implementation schedule and could adversely affect our growth plans. For further details, please refer to the chapter titled “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” beginning on page 93 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_52. Our success largely depends upon the knowledge and experience of our Promoters, Directors and our Key Managerial Personnel. Loss of any of our Directors and key managerial personnel or our ability to attract and retain them could adversely affect our business, operations and financial condition._** 

Our Company depends on the management skills and guidance of our Promoters and Directors for development of business strategies, monitoring its successful implementation and meeting future challenges. Further, we also significantly depend on the expertise, experience and continued efforts of our Key Managerial Personnel. Some of our Directors have been associated with our Company since inception and have been integral to the growth and in the success of our Company. Our future performance will depend largely on our ability to retain the continued service of our management team. If one or more of our Directors or Key Managerial Personnel are unable or unwilling to continue in his/ her present position, it could be difficult for us to find a suitable or timely replacement and our business could be adversely affected. There is significant competition for management and other skilled personnel in the industry in which we operate, and it may be difficult to attract and retain the personnel we require in the future. There can be no assurance that our competitors will not offer better compensation packages and incentives to such Key Managerial Personnel. In the event we are not able to attract and retain talented employees, as required for conducting our business, or we experience high attrition levels which are largely out of our control, or if we are unable to motivate and retain existing employees, our business, financial condition and operations may be adversely affected. For further details on our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel, please refer to the chapter titled ― “ _Our Management_ ” on page 197 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_53. Non-compliance with and changes in, safety, health, labour and environmental laws and other applicable regulations, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our Company is engaged in the business of manufacturing MCC of various grades wherein wood pulp sheets is the key and primary raw material. Due to the use of wood based products, our manufacturing activities are subject to, among other laws, environmental laws and regulations promulgated by the Ministry of Environment and Forest of Government of India, the State Forest Policy, State Pollution Control Board and Central Empowered Committee. These include laws and regulations relating to cutting of trees, discharge of effluents, polluted emissions, hazardous substances etc. For further details please refer to the chapter titled “ _Key Industry Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 175 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

There is a risk that we may inadvertently fail to comply with such regulations, which could lead to enforced shutdowns and other sanctions imposed by the relevant authorities. There can be instances in the future, where our Company may be forced to halt our business operations in our manufacturing units on receiving adverse orders from state pollution control boards. We cannot assure you that there will not be any instances in the future wherein our Company will not be forced to halt the operations in its manufacturing units due to not complying with the applicable laws and such events will not cause loss of revenue and have an adverse impact on our business operations. 

India has stringent labour legislations which protect the interest of workers, including legislation that sets forth detailed procedures for the establishment of unions, dispute resolution, working conditions, hiring and termination of employees, contract labour and work permits and maintenance of regulatory and statutory records and making periodic payments, minimum wages and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, etc. 

Our Company is also subject to safety, health and environment laws and regulations such as the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986, the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974, the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981. These laws and regulations impose controls on our Company’s safety standards, and other aspects of its operations. Our Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur, operating costs to comply with such laws and regulations. In addition, our Company has made and expects to continue to make capital expenditures on an on-going basis to comply with the safety and health laws and 

48 

regulations. Our Company may be liable to the Central and State governmental bodies with respect to its failures to comply with applicable laws and regulations. Further, the adoption of new safety and health laws and regulations, new interpretations of existing laws, increased governmental enforcement of laws or other developments in the future may require that our Company make additional capital expenditures or incur additional operating expenses in order to maintain its current operations or take other actions that could adversely affect its financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. Safety, health and environmental laws and regulations in India and all around the world, in particular, have been increasing in stringency and it is possible that they will become significantly more stringent in the future. The costs of complying with these requirements could be significant and may have an impact on our financial condition. Therefore, if there is any failure by us to comply with the terms of the laws and regulations governing our operations we may be involved in litigation or other proceedings, or be held liable in any litigation or proceedings, incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_54. Our Company is highly dependent on skilled contract labour for manufacturing of our products. Our operations could be adversely affected by strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees or any other kind of disputes with our employees. If we are unable to continue to hire skilled contract labour, the quality of our products being manufactured in our units can get affected._** 

Our operations are significantly dependent on access to a large pool of contract laborers for operation of our manufacturing units. As of September 15, 2021, while we had 759 permanent full time employees, we also employed contract laborers under the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970. The number of contract labourers employed by us varies from time to time based on the nature and extent of work in which we are involved. Our dependence on such contract labour may result in significant risks for our operations, relating to the availability and skill of such contract labourers, as well as contingencies affecting availability of such contract laborers during peak periods. Further, our manufacturing units and our Proposed Unit are surrounded by a number of industries, which may create a demand-supply gap in the labour industry which may impact our business operations. There can be no assurance that we will have adequate access to skilled workmen at reasonable rates. As a result, we may be required to incur additional costs to ensure timely execution of our projects. In addition to the above, in view of the ongoing pandemic and the lockdown which was imposed by several State and Central Governments, there is an acute shortage of unskilled laborers, since most of the unskilled workers have returned to their native places due to the widening income gap and lack of adequate resources to sustain their livelihood. In the event, we are unable to source adequate number of unskilled laborers for our manufacturing units or if we are exposed to an increased expense due to the surge in the wages of unskilled laborers we cannot assure you that it will not impact our business operations and financial condition. Due to the increase in the wages charged by the laborers, we may have to increase the cost of our product which would directly impact our distribution intermediaries and our end use customers. In these grim times where the world is facing a health crisis due to the ongoing pandemic, the pharmaceutical industry all over the world is expecting an increase in demand which would directly increase the demand of our products due to their usage as an excipient for finished dosages in this industry. In the event, we are unable to deploy the required number of labourers to run our manufacturing units for addressing such increased demand of our products, we might not be able to efficiently and timely satisfy the demand of our customers. 

We believe our employees and unskilled labour employed in our manufacturing units are critical to maintain our competitive position. Although we have not experienced any material labour unrest, we cannot assure you that we will not experience disruptions in work or our retail operations due to disputes or other problems with our work force, which may adversely affect our ability to continue our business operations. Any labour unrest directed against us, could directly or indirectly prevent or hinder our normal operating activities, and, if not resolved in a timely manner, could lead to disruptions in our operations. 

Our Company appoints independent contractors who in turn engage on-site contract labourers for carrying out the manufacturing process. Although our Company does not engage these labourers directly, we may be held responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, under the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970, as amended, we may be required to absorb a number of such contract labourers as permanent workmen. Thus, any such order from a regulatory body or court may adversely effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, on an application made by contract labourers, an Industrial court or Tribunal may direct that the contract labourers shall be regularized or 

49 

absorbed or the State Government may altogether prohibit the employment of contract labour. If either of the abovementioned events occur, we may be required to induct such labourers on our payroll, as employees, which may result in an increase in our expenses. Further, even though we have obtained all necessary approvals as required under the statutes there can be no assurance that we may continue to hold such permits, licenses or approvals. In the event of cancellation or non-renewal of our approvals it may cause an interruption of our operations and may adversely affect our business, financial condition and future results of operations. Furthermore, all contract labourers engaged in our projects receive minimum wages that are fixed by the relevant State governments, and any increase in such minimum wages payable may adversely affect our results of operations. 

**_55. Our operations can be adversely affected in case of industrial accidents at our manufacturing units. Further, any fire or mishap or accidents of such nature at the Company's facilities could lead to accident claims and damage and loss of property, inventory, raw materials, etc._** 

Our manufacturing process requires the use of heavy machines, which makes the labour employed at our manufacturing units prone to accidents that occur during the course of our operations resulting in personal injuries causing permanent disability or even death. Although, we have availed public liability (industrial risks) policy, public liability industrial policy and public liability (act only) policy, we cannot assure you that we will be able to receive a claim from these policies, failing which we will have to provide the compensation to the employees from our own resources. Our Company has adopted adequate safety measures, we cannot assure you that, in the future no such cases will be instituted against our Company, alleging that we were negligent or we did not provide adequate supervision therefore, holding us liable for injuries that were suffered during the manufacture of our products. In the event any such accidents take place in the manufacturing unit of our Company, we may get involved in litigation or other proceedings, or be held liable in any litigation or proceedings, incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Our key raw material used in our manufacturing process is wood, which is highly flammable in nature, every stage from procurement, processing, storage and transportation to trading is fraught with an imminent risk of loss by fire. Further, with the use of chemicals, boilers, large volume of air for material handling, etc. the risk of fire hazard increases exponentially. The stocks of finished goods, raw materials, godowns and the main manufacturing area are more prone to such accidents, which could cause substantial loss to our machinery, thus hampering our business operations. Although, we have taken appropriate insurance cover for protecting our manufacturing unit from such losses caused by fire, there can be no assurance that our insurance policies will be adequate to cover the losses. If there occurs an accident or mishap due to fire, it could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 

**_56. Our inability to procure and/or maintain adequate insurance cover in connection with our business may adversely affect our operations and profitability. Our inability to procure and/or maintain adequate insurance cover in connection with our business may adversely affect our operations and profitability._** 

Our operations are subject to inherent risks and hazards which may adversely impact our profitability, such as breakdown, malfunctions, sub-standard performance or failures of manufacturing equipment, fire, riots, third party liability claims, loss-in-transit for our products, accidents and natural disasters. Presently, we maintain insurance cover against loss or damage by burglary, business interruption by fire, earthquake, terrorism, spoilage, impact damage due to road or rail services, etc., by availing burglar insurance policy, boiler and pressure plant policy, business interruption (fire) insurance policy, machinery insurance policy, standard fire and special perils policy, commercial package insurance policy, fire insurance policy, machinery (engineering) insurance policy. We have also insured our employees by availing public liability (industrial risks) policy, public liability industrial policy and public liability (act only) policy. The said policies insure us against loss or damage caused by burglary, fire, earthquake etc. and insure inter alia our godown, plant and machinery, accessories, furniture, fixture and fittings, goods, etc. There are many events that could cause significant damages to our operations, or expose us to third-party liabilities, whether or not known to us, for which we may not be insured or adequately insured, which in turn may expose us to certain risks and liabilities. For the financial year ended March 31, 2021 the percentage of assets covered under insurance vis-a vis total assets (Financial assets covered under current and non-current assets, other noncurrent assets, Other current assets, Other intangible assets were excluded while calculating for the total assets) of the company was 180.47%, however there can be no assurance that our insurance policies will be adequate to cover the losses in respect of which the insurance had been availed. Further, there can be no 

50 

assurance that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honored fully, in part, or on time. If we were to incur a significant liability for which we were not fully insured, it could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. 

**_57. Our Company is subject to foreign exchange control regulations which can pose a risk of currency fluctuations._** 

Our Company is involved in various business transactions with international clients and has to conduct the same in accordance with the rules and regulations prescribed under FEMA. Due to non-receipt of such payments in a timely manner, our Company may fail to adhere to the prescribed timelines and may be required to pay penalty to the appropriate authority or department to regularize the payment. Similarly, due to our sacrosanct reliance on our primary raw material being wood pulp we are exposed to a risk of increase in costs of raw materials due to the currency fluctuations. Further, our international operations (export sales) make us susceptible to the risk of currency fluctuations, which may directly affect our operating results. In case we are unable to adhere to the timelines prescribed under the applicable laws or are unable to mitigate the risk of currency fluctuation, it could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial conditions and cash flows. 

**_58. Our ability to pay dividends in the future may be affected by any material adverse effect on our future earnings, financial condition or cash flows._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in future will depend on our earnings, financial condition and capital requirements. Our business is working capital intensive and we are required to obtain consents from certain of our lenders prior to the declaration of dividend as per the terms of the agreements executed with them. We may be unable to pay dividends in the near or medium term, and our future dividend policy will depend on our capital requirements and financing arrangements in respect of our operations, financial condition and results of operations. Although our Company has declared dividends in the past, however there can be no assurance that our Company will declare dividends in the future also. For further details, please refer to the chapter titled “ _Dividend Policy_ ” and the chapter titled “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on pages 226 and 266 respectively, of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_59. Increased losses due to fraud, employee negligence, theft or similar incidents may have an adverse impact on us._** 

Our business and the industry in which we operate are vulnerable to the problem of pilferage by employees, damage, misappropriation of cash and inventory management and logistical errors. An increase in product losses due to such factors at our place of operation may require us to install additional security and surveillance equipment and incur additional expenses towards inventory management and handling. We cannot assure you whether these measures will successfully prevent such losses. Further, there are inherent risks in cash management as part of our operations, which include theft and robbery, employee fraud and the risks involved in transferring cash to banks. Additionally, in case of losses due to theft, financial misappropriation, fire, breakage or damage caused by other casualties, we cannot assure you that we will be able to recover from our insurers the full amount of any such loss in a timely manner, or at all. In addition, if we file claims under an insurance policy it could lead to increases in the insurance premiums payable by us or the termination of coverage under the relevant policy. 

**_60. Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or any other independent agency and our management will have broad discretion over the use of the Net Proceeds. The deployment of funds is entirely at our discretion and as per the details mentioned in the chapter titled “Objects of the Issue”._** 

We intend to use the Net Proceeds of the Issue for the purposes described in _“Objects of the Issue”_ on page 93 of this Red Herring Prospectus. The objects of the Issue have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. Whilst a monitoring agency has been appointed for monitoring utilisation of the Net Proceeds, the proposed utilisation of Net Proceeds is based on current conditions, our business plans and internal management estimates and is subject to changes in external circumstances or costs, or in other financial condition, business or strategy, as discussed in the _“Objects of the Issue”_ on page 93 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Based on the competitive nature of our industry, we may have to revise our business plan and/or management estimates from time to time and consequently our funding requirements may also change. Our internal management estimates may exceed fair market value or the value that would have been determined 

51 

by third party appraisals, which may require us to reschedule our expansion or reallocate our capital expenditure and may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our Company, in accordance with the policies established by the Board from time to time, will have flexibility to deploy the Net Proceeds. Further, pending utilisation of Net Proceeds towards the Objects of the Issue, our Company will have the flexibility to deploy the Net Proceeds and to deposit the Net Proceeds temporarily in deposits with one or more scheduled commercial banks included in Second Schedule of Reserve Bank of India Act, 1939, as may be approved by our Board or IPO Committee. Accordingly, prospective investors in the Issue will need to rely upon our management’s decision with respect to the use of Net Proceeds. 

**_61. Some agreements entered into by our Company with various parties are not adequately stamped and registered. The said agreements may not be admissible as evidence in a court of law, until the relevant stamp duties are paid and the relevant registration, if required, is done._** 

Some of the leave and license and lease deeds/agreements entered into by our Company with various parties for our leasehold properties are not adequately stamped and registered. The potential consequence of this could be that the said agreements may not be admissible as evidence in a court of law, until the relevant stamp duties are paid, and the registration of such agreements has been done with the relevant authorities. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has not initiated / been party to any litigation in this regard. Any claim or adverse order / finding in connection with these agreements could adversely affect the operations of our Company. 

**_62. We have commissioned an industry report for the disclosures made in the chapter titled “Industry Overview” and made disclosures on the basis of the data provided in the same and such data has not been independently verified by us._** 

We have commissioned an industry report titled “ _Research Report on Microcrystalline Cellulose (MCC) & Croscarmellose Sodium (CCS) Industry_ ” issued by “ _CARE_ ” for the disclosures which need to be made in the chapter titled “ _Industry Overview_ ” of this Red Herring Prospectus. We have not independently verified such data. We cannot assure you that any assumptions made are correct or will not change and, accordingly, our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the industry data mentioned in this Red Herring Prospectus or sources from which the data has been collected are not recommendations to invest in our Company. Accordingly, investors should read the industry related disclosure in this Red Herring Prospectus in this context. 

# **ISSUE SPECIFIC RISKS** 

**_63. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Issue, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Issue, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Issue. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Issue Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a Book Building Process in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

**_64. The Issue Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Issue._** 

52 

The Issue Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company in consultation with the BRLM through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Issue Price_ ” on page 129 of this Red Herring Prospectus and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Issue. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Issue, and may decline below the Issue Price. We cannot assure you that as an investor you will be able to sell their Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price. 

**_65. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity-linked securities by our Company may dilute your shareholding and any sale of Equity Shares by our Promoters or members of our Promoter Group may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future issuance of the Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by our Company may dilute your shareholding in our Company; adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issue of our securities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will not issue additional Equity Shares. The disposal of Equity Shares by any of our Promoter and Promoter Group, or the perception that such sales may occur may significantly affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that our Promoter and Promoter Group will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

**_66. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may adversely affect the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by equity shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares and returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

**_67. Sale of Equity Shares by our Promoters or other significant shareholder(s) may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any instance of disinvestments of equity shares by our Promoters or by other significant shareholder(s) may significantly affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Further, our market price may also be adversely affected even if there is a perception or belief that such sale of Equity Shares might occur. 

**_68. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

**_69. QIB and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/ Issue Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/ Issue Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Issue within six (6) Working Days from the Bid/Issue Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations or financial condition may 

53 

arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Bidders ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Issue or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

**_70. There are restrictions on daily movements in the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may adversely affect a shareholder’s ability to sell Equity Shares or the price at which Equity Shares can be sold at a particular point in time._** 

Our listed Equity Shares will be subject to a daily “circuit breaker” imposed on listed companies by the Stock Exchanges, which does not allow transactions beyond certain volatility in the trading price of the Equity Shares. This circuit breaker operates independently of the index-based market-wide circuit breakers generally imposed by SEBI on Indian stock exchanges. The percentage limit on the Equity Shares’ circuit breaker will be set by the Stock Exchanges based on historical volatility in the price and trading volume of the Equity Shares. The Stock Exchanges are not required to inform our Company of the percentage limit of the circuit breaker, and they may change the limit without our knowledge. This circuit breaker would effectively limit the upward and downward movements in the trading price of the Equity Shares. As a result of this circuit breaker, there can be no assurance regarding the ability of shareholders to sell Equity Shares or the price at which shareholders may be able to sell their Equity Shares. 

**_71. Any issuance or sale of the Equity Shares by any existing shareholder could significantly affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future issuance of Equity Shares by us or the disposal of Equity Shares by any of the major shareholders or the perception that such issuance or sales may occur may significantly affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that the shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or otherwise encumber their Equity Shares. 

**_72. The Equity Shares issued pursuant to the Issue may not be listed on BSE and NSE in a timely manner, or at all, and any trading closures at BSE and NSE may adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares._** 

In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing and trading of the Equity Shares issued pursuant to the Issue will not be granted until after the Equity Shares have been issued and allotted. Approval for listing and trading will require all relevant documents authorising the issuing of Equity Shares to be submitted and there could therefore be a failure or delay in listing the Equity Shares on BSE and NSE. Any failure or delay in obtaining such approval would restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. BSE and NSE have in the past experienced problems, including temporary exchange closures, broker defaults, settlements delays and strikes by brokerage firm employees, which, if continuing or recurring, could affect the market price and liquidity of the securities of Indian companies, including our Equity Shares. A closure of, or trading stoppage on BSE and NSE could adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

**_73. There is no existing market for our Equity Shares, and we do not know if one will develop to provide you with adequate liquidity. Further, an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop and the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile._** 

An active public trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop or, if it develops, may not be maintained after the Issue. Our Company, in consultation with the BRLM, will determine the Issue Price. The Issue Price may be higher than the trading price of our Equity Shares following this Issue. As a result, investors may not be able to sell their Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price or at the time that they would like to sell. The trading price of the Equity Shares after the Issue may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to factors such as, variations in our results of operations, market conditions specific to the sectors in which we operate economic conditions of India and volatility of the BSE, NSE and securities markets elsewhere in the world. 

# **_74. The price of the Equity Shares may be highly volatile after the Issue._** 

The price of the Equity Shares on the Indian stock exchanges may fluctuate after this Issue as a result of several factors, including: volatility in the Indian and global securities market; our operations and performance; performance of our competitors and the perception in the market about investments in the 

54 

excipient industry; adverse media reports on us or the Indian excipient industry; changes in the estimates of our performance or recommendations by financial analysts; significant developments in India's economic liberalization and deregulation policies; and significant developments in India's fiscal and environmental regulations. There can be no assurance that the prices at which the Equity Shares are initially traded will correspond to the prices at which the Equity Shares will trade in the market subsequently. 

**_75. You will not be able to sell immediately on the Stock Exchanges any of the Equity Shares you purchase in the Issue._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the BSE and the NSE. Pursuant to Indian regulations, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading may commence. Upon receipt of final approval from the Stock Exchanges, trading in the Equity Shares is to commence within six (6) working days of the date of closure of the Issue or such other time as may be prescribed by SEBI. We cannot assure that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time period prescribed by law. Further, there can be no assurance that the Equity Shares to be Allotted pursuant to this Issue will be listed on the Stock Exchanges in a timely manner or at all, and any trading closures at the Stock Exchanges may adversely affect the trading price of the equity shares. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

**_76. The outbreak of COVID-19, or outbreak of any other severe communicable disease could have a potential impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

The outbreak, or threatened outbreak, of any severe epidemic caused due to viruses (particularly COVID19) could materially adversely affect overall business sentiment and environment, particularly if such outbreak is inadequately controlled. The spread of any severe communicable disease may also adversely affect the operations of our customers and suppliers, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in authorities implementing several measures such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders, and shutdowns. These measures have impacted and may further impact our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers, and those of our respective vendors and suppliers. There is currently substantial medical uncertainty regarding COVID-19 and no government-certified treatment is available. A rapid increase in severe cases and deaths where measures taken by governments fail or are lifted prematurely, may cause significant economic disruption in India and in the rest of the world. The scope, duration and frequency of such measures and the adverse effects of COVID-19 remain uncertain and could be severe. Our ability to meet our ongoing disclosure obligations might be adversely affected, despite our best efforts. If any of our employees were suspected of contracting COVID-19 or any other epidemic disease, this could require us to quarantine some or all of these employees or disinfect the facilities used for our operations. In addition, our revenue and profitability could be impacted to the extent that a natural disaster, health epidemic or other outbreak harms the Indian and global economy in general. 

The outbreak has significantly increased economic uncertainty. It is likely that the current outbreak or continued spread of COVID-19 will cause an economic slowdown and it is possible that it could cause a global recession. The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices (including employee travel, employee work locations, and cancellation of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences), and we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, and suppliers. There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the outbreak, and our ability to perform critical functions could be harmed. 

The extent to which the COVID-19 further impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions taken globally to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection for all costs that may arise from all such possible events. We are still assessing our business operations and system supports and the impact COVID-19 may have on our results and financial condition, but there can be no assurance that this analysis will enable us to avoid part or all of any impact from the spread of COVID-19 or its consequences, including downturns in business sentiment generally or in our sector in particular. The degree to which COVID-19 impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, 

55 

including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of the outbreak, its severity, the actions taken to contain the outbreak or treat its impact, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. The above risks can threaten the safe operation of our facilities and cause disruption of operational activities, environmental harm, loss of life, injuries and impact the wellbeing of our people. 

Further due to the rising number of infected cases of COVID-19 in the country and the onset of the second wave of the virus, various State Governments including Government of Telangana have imposed a complete lockdown. There is no certainty if additional restrictions will be imposed or if the lockdown would be extended to combat with the second wave and prevent the third wave of COVID-19 in the country. In the event additional restrictions are imposed, it could result in muted economic growth or give rise to a recessionary economic scenario, in India and globally, which could adversely affect the business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition of our Company. 

Further, our ability to ensure the safety of our workforce and continuity of operations while confirming with measures implemented by the central and state governments in relation to the health and safety of our employees may result in increased costs. In the event a member or members of our senior management team contract COVID-19, it may potentially affect our operations. Further, in the event any of our employees contract COVID-19, we may be required to quarantine our employees and shut down a part of or the entire manufacturing facility or our offices as necessary. Risks arising on account of COVID-19 can also threaten the safe operation of our facility, offices, loss of life, injuries and impact the well-being of our employees. 

**_77. Significant differences exist between Ind AS, Indian GAAP and other accounting principles, such as US GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), which investors may be more familiar with and consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

Our restated summary statements of assets and liabilities and restated summary statements of profit and loss (including other comprehensive income), cash flows and changes in equity for the Fiscals 2021 have been prepared in accordance with the Indian Accounting Standards notified under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013, read with the Ind AS Rules and restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the SEBI Circular and the Prospectus Guidance Note. 

We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP, IFRS or any other system of accounting principles on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP, IFRS or any other accounting principles. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS and Indian GAAP. Accordingly, the degree to which the Restated Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Ind AS, Indian GAAP and the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited. 

**_78. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located in other countries, including India. Negative economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficits, or a default on national debt, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our products or services may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. 

56 

Economic growth is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. 

Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. 

# **_79. The requirements of being a listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a listed company and have not been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the listing compliances and reporting requirements to the Stock Exchanges, which require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as timely as other listed companies. 

Further, as a listed company we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions to support the existence of effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management oversight will be required. As a result, management’s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition and the price of our Equity Shares. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate listed company experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely manner. 

# **_80. A slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer._** 

We are incorporated in India, and all of our assets and employees are located in India. As a result, we are highly dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India and our results of operations are significantly affected by factors influencing the Indian economy. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect our business, including our ability to grow our assets, the quality of our assets, and our ability to implement our strategy. 

Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations, may include: 

- any increase in Indian interest rates or inflation; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing in India; 

- prevailing income conditions among Indian consumers and Indian corporations; 

- volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; 

- variations in exchange rates; 

- changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies; 

- political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including India’s neighboring countries; 

- prevailing regional or global economic conditions; and 

- other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India 

Any slowdown in the Indian economy or in the growth of the sectors we participate in or future volatility in global commodity prices could adversely affect our borrowers and contractual counterparties. This in turn could adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

**_81. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

57 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes, including the instances mentioned below, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. 

The Government of India has issued a notification dated September 29, 2016 notifying Income Computation and Disclosure Standards (“ **ICDS** ”), thereby creating a new framework for the computation of taxable income. The ICDS became applicable from the assessment year for Fiscal 2018 and subsequent years. The adoption of ICDS is expected to significantly alter the way companies compute their taxable income, as ICDS deviates from several concepts that are followed under general accounting standards, including Indian GAAP and Ind AS. In addition, ICDS shall be applicable for the computation of income for tax purposes but shall not be applicable for the computation of income for minimum alternate tax. There can be no assurance that the adoption of ICDS will not adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

- the General Anti Avoidance Rules (“ **GAAR** ”) have been made effective from April 1, 2017. The tax consequences of the GAAR provisions being applied to an arrangement could result in denial of tax benefit amongst other consequences. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is uncertain. If the GAAR provisions are made applicable to our Company, it may have an adverse tax impact on us. 

- a comprehensive national GST regime that combines taxes and levies by the Central and State Governments into a unified rate structure, which came into effect from July 1, 2017. We cannot provide any assurance as to any aspect of the tax regime following implementation of the GST. Any future increases or amendments may affect the overall tax efficiency of companies operating in India and may result in significant additional taxes becoming payable. If, as a result of a particular tax risk materializing, the tax costs associated with certain transactions are greater than anticipated, it could affect the profitability of such transactions. 

In addition, unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

Any increase in taxes and levies, or the imposition of new taxes and levies in the future, could increase the cost of production and operating expenses. Taxes and other levies imposed by the central or state governments in India that affect our industry include customs duties, excise duties, sales tax, income tax and other taxes, duties or surcharges introduced on a permanent or temporary basis from time to time. The central and state tax scheme in India is extensive and subject to change from time to time. Any adverse changes in any of the taxes levied by the central or state governments may adversely affect our competitive position and profitability. 

**_82. Financial instability in both Indian and international financial markets could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition._** 

The Indian financial market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly in emerging market in Asian countries. Financial turmoil in Asia, Europe, the United States and elsewhere in the world in recent years has affected the Indian economy. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have an adverse effect on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. A loss in investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any global financial instability, including further deterioration of credit conditions in the U.S. market, could also have a negative impact on 

58 

the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur again and could harm our results of operations and financial condition. 

The Indian economy is also influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries. This includes, but is not limited to, the conditions in the United States, Europe and certain economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and its business. 

Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby impact the Indian economy. Financial disruptions in the future could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. The global credit and equity markets have experienced substantial dislocations, liquidity disruptions and market corrections. 

These could include further falls in Stock Exchange indices and greater volatility of markets in general due to the increased uncertainty. These and other related events could have a significant impact on the global credit and financial markets as a whole, and could result in reduced liquidity, greater volatility, widening of credit spreads and a lack of price transparency in the global credit and financial markets. There are also concerns that a tightening of monetary policy in emerging markets and some developed markets will lead to a moderation in global growth. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, have implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term impact of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have had the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption in the future could have an adverse effect on our cost of funding, loan portfolio, business, future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_83. Inflation in India could have an adverse effect on our profitability and if significant, on our financial condition._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of salaries, and other expenses relevant to our business. 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to pass on to our customers, whether entirely or in part, and the same may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or increase our rates to pass the increase in costs on to our customers. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, the GoI has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **_84. Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian law that limits our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely impact the market price of the Equity Shares._** 

As an Indian Company, we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies, including those specified under FEMA. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources for our projects under development and hence could constrain our ability to obtain financing on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, we cannot assure you that the required approvals will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. Limitations on foreign debt may adversely affect our business growth, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between nonresidents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions) if they comply with the pricing 

59 

guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, are not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or fall under any of the exceptions referred to above, then the prior approval of the RBI will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert the Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no objection/ tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority. There can be no assurance that any approval required from the RBI or any other government agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. 

# **_85. Any downgrading of India’s debt rating by an independent agency may harm our ability to raise financing._** 

Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings international debt by international rating agencies may adversely affect our ability to raise additional overseas financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

**_86. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. For example, the Government of India implemented a comprehensive national goods and services tax (“ **GST** ”) regime with effect from July 1, 2017, that combined multiple taxes and levies by the Central and State Governments into a unified tax structure. Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by any unexpected or onerous requirements or regulations resulting from the introduction of GST or any changes in laws or interpretation of existing laws, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations relating to GST, as it is implemented. The Government has enacted the GAAR which have come into effect from April 1, 2017. 

The Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2021 and the Ministry of Finance has notified the Finance Act, 2020 (“ **Finance Act** ”) on March 27, 2020, pursuant to assent received from the President, and the Finance Act will come into operation with effect from July 1, 2020 There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. For instance, the Supreme Court of India has, in a decision clarified the components of basic wages, which need to be considered by companies while making provident fund payments. Our Company has not made relevant provisions for the same, as on date. Any such decisions in future or any further changes in interpretation of laws may have an impact on our results of operations. Further, a draft of the Personal Data Protection Bill, 2019 (“ **Bill** ”) has been introduced before the Lok Sabha on December 11, 2019, which is currently being referred to a joint parliamentary committee by the Parliament. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

**_87. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, pandemic disease and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other 

60 

acts of violence or war may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighboring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. 

Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

**_88. We are subject to regulatory, economic, social and political uncertainties and other factors beyond our control._** 

We are incorporated in India and we conduct our corporate affairs and our business in India. Our Equity Shares are listed on BSE and NSE. Consequently, our business, operations, financial performance and the market price of our Equity Shares will be affected by interest rates, government policies, taxation, social and ethnic instability and other political and economic developments affecting India. 

Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations may include: 

- any exchange rate fluctuations, the imposition of currency controls and restrictions on the right to convert or repatriate currency or export assets; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse effect on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing for our expansions; 

- prevailing income conditions among Indian customers and Indian corporations; 

- epidemic or any other public health crisis in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighboring countries; 

- hostile or war like situations with the neighboring countries; 

- macroeconomic factors and central bank regulation, including in relation to interest rates movements which may in turn adversely impact our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs; 

- volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; 

- decline in India's foreign exchange reserves which may affect liquidity in the Indian economy; 

- downgrading of India’s sovereign debt rating by rating agencies; and 

- difficulty in developing any necessary partnerships with local businesses on commercially acceptable terms and/or a timely basis. 

- Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy or certain regions in India, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. For example, our manufacturing facilities are located in western India, hence any significant disruption, including due to social, political or economic factors or natural calamities or civil disruptions, impacting this region may adversely affect our operations. 

# **_89. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market countries in Asia. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur again and could harm our business, our future financial performance and the prices of the Equity Shares. 

The recent outbreak of COVID-19 has significantly affected financial markets around the world. Any other global economic developments or the perception that any of them could occur may continue to have an adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity and restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

61 

