# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in the Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares._ 

_We have described the risks and uncertainties that our management believes are material, but these risks and uncertainties are not the only risks relevant to us, or the Equity Shares or the industry and the segments in which we currently operate or propose to operate. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implication of any of the risks mentioned in this section. If any or a combination of the following risks actually occur, or if any of the risks that are currently not known or deemed to be not relevant or material now actually occur or become material in the future, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could suffer, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Further, some events may be material collectively rather than individually. To obtain a more detailed understanding of our business and operations, please read this section in conjunction with the sections titled “Industry Overview”, “Our Business”, “Key Regulations and Policies in India”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” on pages 108, 167, 196, 361 and 399, respectively, as well as other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_In making an investment decision, you must rely on your own examination of us and the terms of the Offer, including the merits and risks involved, and you should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer._ 

_Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to the considerations described below, “Our Business” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” beginning on pages 167 and 361. For details, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 18._ 

_Data included in this section in relation to certain operating metrics, financial information not otherwise included in the Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Information, and certain business information and data (such as income from sale of goods with end-use in North America, Europe, India and China, income from sale of goods from our top ten customers and income from sale of goods derived from the BEV market, among others) have been reviewed and verified by SCV & Co. LLP, Chartered Accountants._ 

_In Fiscal 2020 our Company completed the acquisition of Comstar Entities. We have included in this Red Herring Prospectus, the Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Information (to be read in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Basis of Preparation of the Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Information” on page 382) as at and for the years ended March 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, to show the impact of the acquisition of Comstar Entities on our Company, including the results of operations and the financial position that would have resulted had the acquisition of Comstar Entities been completed at a date prior to the first period presented in the Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Information. Further, the erstwhile subsidiary, SONA BV, and its subsidiaries, and the erstwhile associate, Sona Skill Development Centre Limited, have not been considered for consolidation in the Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Information. For further details, see “Financial Information – Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Information” on page 318; “History and Certain Corporate Matters – Material acquisitions or divestments of business or undertakings, mergers, amalgamations or revaluation of assets in the last 10 years” on page 208; and see “Risk Factors - The Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Information included in this RHP to reflect the acquisition of Comstar Entities is not indicative of our future financial condition or factual financial position or results of operations” on page 29._ 

_Unless otherwise stated, or the context otherwise requires, the financial information used in this section is derived from our Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus on page 318._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the report titled “Assessment of Indian market potential for specific precision forged and electrical components” dated January 2021 prepared and released by CRISIL (the “_ **_CRISIL Report_** _”) and report titled “Global and Indian Automotive Market Overview” dated February 15, 2021 prepared and released by Ricardo (the “_ **_Ricardo Report_** _” and together with the CRISIL Report, referred to as the “_ **_Industry Reports_** _”), which are paid reports and have been commissioned by us exclusively in connection with the Offer. Neither we, nor any of the BRLMs, nor any other person connected with the Offer has verified any information in these Industry Reports. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial information derived from the Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Information and operational, industry, and other related information included in this section with respect to any particular year, refers to such information for the relevant financial year._ 

26 

# **Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry** 

# **_1. Our business is dependent on the performance of the automotive sector globally, including in our key markets such as US, Europe, India and China. Any adverse changes in the conditions affecting these markets can adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business is dependent on the performance of the automotive sectors in US, Europe, India and China. We design, engineer, manufacture and supply our systems and components for both electrified and non-electrified powertrain segments across all vehicle categories such as PV, CV and OHV both in the Indian and overseas markets. For Fiscal 2021, we derived 36.1% (₹5,368.10 million), 26.5% (₹3,950.51 million), 25.0% (₹3,727.29 million), and 7.6% (₹1,129.64 million) of our income from sale of goods with end-use in North America, Europe, India and China, respectively. We are therefore exposed to fluctuations in the performance of the automotive markets in US, Europe, India, and China. 

The table below sets forth the breakdown of our sale of goods across geographic markets, and as a percentage of our total sale of goods for the periods indicated. 

|||**For Fiscal**|**Year 2019**<br>**For Fiscal**|**Year 2020**<br>**For Fiscal**|**Year 2021**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Sale of Goods**||**₹13,649.7**|**5 million**<br>**₹11,804.1**|**9 million**<br>**₹14,889.3**|**4 million**|
||**Sal**<br>**_(in_**|**e of Goods**<br>**_₹ million)_**<br>|**% of Sales of**<br>**Goods**<br>**Sale of Goods**<br>**_(in ₹ million)_**<br><br>|**% of Sales of**<br>**Goods**<br>**Sale of Goods**<br>**_(in ₹ million)_**<br><br>|**% of Sales of**<br>**Goods**<br>|
|North America||5,791.49|42.4%<br>4,730.98|40.1%<br>5,368.10|36.1%|
|Europe||2,479.88|18.2%<br>2,766.93|23.4%<br>3,950.51|26.5%|
|India||4,301.53|31.5%<br>3,229.59|27.4%<br>3,727.29|25.0%|
|China||264.97|1.9%<br>257.73|2.2%<br>1,129.64|7.6%|
|Others||811.88|6.0%<br>818.96|6.9%<br>713.79|4.8%|
|The graph below|sets forth the grow<br>4,301.53<br>264.97<br>811.88<br>13,649.75|th and decli|ne in our sale of goods for the pe<br>3,229.59<br>257.73<br>818.96<br>11,804.19|riods indicated:<br>3,727.29<br>1,129.64<br>713.79<br>14,889.34||
||2,479.88||2,766.93|3,950.51||
||5,791.49||4,730.98|5,368.10||
||Fiscal Year 2019||Fiscal Year 2020|Fiscal Year 2021||
|||North Am|erica<br>Europe<br>India<br>China|Others||



During Fiscal 2020 compared to Fiscal 2019, our income from sale of goods decreased in North America, India and China by 18.3% (₹1,060.51 million), 24.9% (₹1,071.94 million) and 2.7% (₹7.24 million), respectively, due to the global slowdown in the automotive industry in Fiscal 2020 and consequently, reduced demand for our automotive systems and components. According to the CRISIL Report, in Fiscal 2020, the CV, PV and tractor markets in India experienced a decrease in sales volumes by 29%, 18% and 10%, respectively. In Europe, our income from sale of goods increased by 11.6% to ₹2,766.93 million in Fiscal 2020 from ₹2,479.88 million in Fiscal 2019, primarily due to commencement of sales against new programs of our customers. During Fiscal 2021 compared to Fiscal 2020, our income from sale of goods increased in North America, Europe, India and China by 13.5% (₹637.12 million), 42.8% (₹1,183.58 million), 15.4% (₹497.70 million), and 338.3% (₹871.92 million) respectively, primarily due to start/ramp-up of supplies under new customer orders or programs. Increase in sale of goods in India during Fiscal 2021 was also attributed to higher sales in OHV segment. 

According to the Ricardo Report, global light vehicle production has remained flat between calendar years 2015 to 2019 and declined by approximately 18% in calendar year 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In particular, the light vehicle market 

27 

experienced decreased production volume in North America, Europe, India and China by 4.4%, 4.1%, 9.8% and 8.6%, respectively, in calendar year 2019 and 20.5%, 22.4%, 24.3% and 7.7%, respectively, in calendar year 2020, according to the Ricardo Report. 

The automotive market in India may perform differently, and be subject to market and regulatory developments that are dissimilar to the automotive markets in other parts of the world. We cannot assure you that the demand for our products in India will grow, or will not decrease, in the future. According to the CRISIL Report, in Fiscal 2020, the CV, PV and tractor markets in India experienced an aggregate decrease in sales volumes by 29%, 18% and 10%, respectively. 

Further, our operations are cyclical because our sales are directly dependent on the level of automotive production globally and affected by inventory levels of automotive manufacturers, which has been characterized historically by significant periodic fluctuations in overall demand for vehicles to which we supply products, resulting in corresponding fluctuations in demand for our products. The length and timing of any cycle in the vehicle industry cannot be predicted with certainty. We cannot predict when manufacturers will decide to either build or reduce inventory levels or whether new inventory levels will approximate historical inventory levels. Production and sales of the vehicles for which we supply products are affected by, among other things, a variety of other factors that are beyond our control, including changes in government policies, changes in consumer demand, product mix shifts favoring other types of vehicles, fuel prices, vehicle electrification, economic conditions, demographic trends, employment and income levels and interest rates, disruptions in the automotive supply chain, vehicle age, labor relations, regulatory requirements, credit availability and cost of credit, interest rates and general economic and industry conditions. In the past, we have experienced sales declines during the manufacturers’ scheduled shutdowns or shutdowns resulting from unforeseen events. Further, in Fiscal 2020 our sales were negatively impacted by the sharp slowdown in the Chinese and global automotive markets on account of the COVID-19 pandemic and other reasons. In Fiscal 2021, our sales were adversely impacted by the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic. There is no assurance that global automotive sales will continue to recover or not decrease further. 

Reduced demand in the market segments we currently supply, deterioration in the automotive market, continued uncertainty and other unexpected fluctuations or change in regulations, customs, taxes or other barriers or restrictions adversely affecting the automotive market, particularly US, Europe, India and China, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_2. Our Statutory Auditors have included an audit qualification in their examination report on Restated Consolidated Financial Information in relation to our erstwhile subsidiary, Sona Holdings B.V., The Netherlands (“SONA BV)” for the year ended March 31, 2020._** 

Our Statutory Auditors have included an audit qualification in relation to our Restated Consolidated Financial Information for Fiscal 2020 for the matter stated below, while mentioning that it does not have any effect on our consolidated profit and equity attributable to the owners for Fiscal 2021. The qualification states that due to the unavailability of the consolidated financial statements of SONA BV and its subsidiaries (“SONA BV Group”) for the period from April 1, 2019 to July 4, 2019, the consolidated financial information of SONA BV Group for the period from April 1, 2019 to July 4, 2019 has not been included in our consolidated financial statements for Fiscal Year 2020, and the assets and liabilities of SONA BV Group have been derecognized at their respective carrying values as at March 31, 2019 instead of July 4, 2019. This is because 81% shareholding in SONA BV, which was classified as a “discontinued operation” in the consolidated financial statements for Fiscal Year 2019, was sold to Sona Autocomp on July 4, 2019, and consequently, our Company, did not exercise control over Sona BV from July 5, 2019. Our Statutory Auditors have stated in their audit opinion that this accounting treatment is not in compliance with the requirements of Ind AS 110 - Consolidated Financial Statements and had the consolidated financial statements of the Company been prepared after considering the consolidated financial statements of SONA BV Group for the period April 1, 2019 to July 4, 2019, the “Profit or Loss from discontinued operations” would have been higher and “Exceptional Item” would have been lower by the same amount. However, it would have had no effect on our consolidated profit for the year ended March 31, 2020 and equity attributable to our owners on that date. The qualification also states that in absence of necessary financial information, owing to the insolvency proceedings and acquisition of the businesses by a third party, despite the best efforts of the management of the Company, substantiated by multiple communications over electronic mail, our Company was unable to obtain the audited consolidated financial statements of SONA BV for the period from April 1, 2019 to  July 4, 2019 until the date of the examination report of the Restated Consolidated Financial Information. Accordingly, the modification in the auditor’s report dated April 27, 2021, could not be adjusted in the Restated Consolidated Financial Information for Fiscal 2020.  Consequently, our auditors were unable to quantify its impact on the said items in the accompanying Restated Consolidated Financial Information and thus our Restated Consolidated Financial Information for Fiscal 2020 may not be comparable to Fiscal 2021 with respect to this matter. Investors should carefully understand the qualification and its implications while placing reliance on our Restated Consolidated Financial Information for Fiscal 2020. 

For further details concerning the qualification noted in our audit report for the Restated Consolidated Financial Information, please see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information_ ” on page 239, “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis Of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Qualification included by Auditors_ ” on page 397 and “ _History and Certain Other Corporate Matters_ ” on page 200. 

28 

# **_3. The Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Information included in this RHP to reflect the acquisition of Comstar Entities is not indicative of our future financial condition or factual financial position or results of operations._** 

In Fiscal 2020, our Company completed the acquisition of the Comstar Entities, pursuant to which, Comstar Entities became Subsidiaries of our Company with effect from July 5, 2019. For further details on the acquisition, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters – Material acquisitions or divestments of business or undertakings, mergers, amalgamations or revaluation of assets in the last 10 years_ ” on page 208 and “ _Management’s Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Acquisition of the Comstar Entities and Divestment of Sona BV and its Subsidiaries_ ” on page 364. 

Our Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Information as at and for the Fiscal Years 2019, 2020 and 2021 present the impact of the acquisition of Comstar Entities on our Company, including the results of operations and the financial position that would have resulted, had the acquisition of the Comstar Entities been completed at a date prior to the first period presented in the Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Information. Further, the erstwhile subsidiary, SONA BV, and its subsidiaries, and the erstwhile associate, Sona Skill Development Centre Limited, have not been considered for consolidation in the Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Information. Accordingly, our Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Information for Fiscal Years 2019 and 2020 may not necessarily be indicative of what our actual results of operations, financial position and cash flows would have been for such periods or as of such dates, nor are these intended to be indicative of expected results or operations in the future periods or our future financial position. For further details, see “ _Financial Information – Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Information_ ” on page 318. Our Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Information does not include all of the information required for financial statements under Indian GAAP or Ind AS and should be read in conjunction with the “ _Basis of Preparation of the Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Information_ ” on page 382 and “ _Accounting policies_ ” appearing in the Restated Consolidated Financial Information and Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, our Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Information were not prepared in connection with an offering registered with the SEC under the U.S. Securities Act and consequently do not comply with the SEC’s rules on presentation of pro forma financial information. Accordingly, the degree of reliance placed by investors in other jurisdictions on our Pro Forma Consolidated Financial Information should be limited. 

**4.** **_Negative publicity about our brand, or our inability to protect any of our intellectual property, including misappropriation, infringement or passing off of our intellectual property rights or failure to obtain our patents or failure to keep our technical knowledge confidential could have impact on our business and in turn on results of operation or financial condition and cash flows._** 

We keep investing in our intellectual properties, brands and obtain registration with the relevant authority thereof, from time to time, and expect to continue doing the same. Our portfolio of brands, among others, comprise of “SONA Driving Tomorrow”, “Comstar”, “Sona BLW”, “Sona” and “SONA COMSTAR”. Any negative publicity about our brand(s) could affect our brand value and, in turn, our ability to attract and/or retain customers. 

We have licensed use of our brand “Sona” to Sona Skill Development Centre Limited, Sona Autocomp Holding Private Limited, Sona Management Services, Sona BV and its subsidiaries for a certain limited period.  For further details see, “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters – Key terms of other subsisting material agreements_ ” on page 212. We have no control over the operations of these entities. Any misadventure or adverse action by any of these entities could affects their reputation or harm the brand value, which could also have an adverse impact on our reputation, and in turn on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 



Some of our applications for registration of our device mark under Classes 7 and 12 and word mark ‘Sona Comstar’ under class 12 have been opposed by a third party. There can be no assurances that these applications will be successful or that we will be able to register these marks. Any unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights by third parties could adversely affect our reputation. Some unrelated third parties have registered mark “Sona’’ under various classes. We may be required to resort to legal action to protect our intellectual property rights, which may strain our resources and divert the attention of our management. 

We have initiated legal proceedings before the High Court of Delhi against certain parties, for unauthorized use of the “SONA” brand and have, among other things, sought for a permanent injunction restraining such persons from using the trademark/trade name/logo “SONA”. The matter is still pending. For further details see, “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 399. Any adverse outcome in such legal proceedings or any other proceeding(s) that we may initiate in future our failure to successfully enforce our intellectual property rights may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

We also keep on filing application(s) for patents covering a variety of our products across various product lines globally. We hold assignment of license rights in relation to eight patents in USA. We have been granted one patent in USA, one patent in China and one patent in the United Kingdom and await 21 patent approvals in India. Our applications may be opposed, or our competitors may have filed similar patent application(s) or may own patents relating to product(s) or process(s) that compete 

29 

with those that we are developing or are seeking to protect. Our efforts in obtaining our patents may be costly and, unsuccessful. We cannot assure you that we will be granted patent(s) that we apply for, in a timely manner, or at all. Even if we are successful in obtaining patent(s) with respect to our pending application(s), third parties may challenge, seek to invalidate or circumvent our patent(s) and patent application(s). Although we may defend our patent rights, there can be no assurance that our action will be successful. Moreover, patent litigation may be costly and unpredictable. 

As a technology and innovation driven company, with strong focus on R&D, we possess extensive technical knowledge about our products which has been built up through our own experiences and significant investment in our in-house R&D capabilities. Our total expenditure on R&D amounted to ₹244.04 million, ₹404.49 million and ₹915.03 million during Fiscal Years 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. Our R&D expenditures as a percentage of our revenue from operations were 1.7%, 3.3% and 5.8% for Fiscal Years 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. As at March 31, 2021, we had 186 on-roll employees engaged in R&D activities. We have also established digital simulations, testing and validation facilities in three R&D centers located at Gurugram and Chennai in India. 

Our technical knowledge is a significant independent asset, which may not be adequately protected by intellectual property rights such as patent registration. Some of our technical knowledge is protected only by secrecy. As a result, we cannot be certain that our technical knowledge will remain confidential in the long run. Certain proprietary knowledge may be leaked, either inadvertently or wilfully. A significant number of our employees have access to confidential design and product information and there can be no assurance that this information will remain confidential. Moreover, certain of our employees may leave us and join our various competitors or form a competing business. Although we may seek to enforce non-disclosure agreements in respect of R&D and certain other key employees, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully enforce such agreements. We also enter into non-disclosure and non-solicitation agreements with a number of our customers and suppliers but we cannot assure you that such agreements will be enforceable or successful in protecting our technical knowledge. The potential damage from such disclosure is increased as many of our designs and products are not patented, and thus we may have no recourse against copies of our products and designs that enter the market subsequent to such leakages. In the event that the confidential technical information in respect of our products or business becomes available to third parties or to the general public, any competitive advantage we may have over other companies in the automotive components sector could be harmed. If a competitor is able to reproduce or otherwise capitalize on our technology, it may be difficult, expensive or impossible for us to obtain necessary legal protection. Consequently, any leakage of confidential technical information could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects. 

# **_5. Our business largely depends upon our top ten customers and the loss of such customers or a significant reduction in purchases by such customers will have a significantly adverse impact on our business. The discontinuation or loss of business with respect to, or a lack of commercial success of, a particular vehicle model for which we are a significant supplier could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

We derive a significant portion of our revenue from our top ten customers. For Fiscal Years 2019, 2020 and 2021, income from sale of goods to our top ten customers amounted to ₹10,794.03 million, ₹9,536.74  million and ₹11,858.81 million, respectively, representing 79.0%, 80.8% and 79.6% of our total income from sale of goods for Fiscal Years 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively, of which, income from sale of goods to our top three customers amounted to ₹5,733.06 million, ₹5,302.87 million and ₹6,770.19 million, representing 42.0% , 44.9%  and 45.4% of our total income from sale of goods for Fiscal Years 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. Further, two of our largest customers that together accounted for approximately 41.8% (₹5,711.14 million), 43.5% (₹5,139.33 million) and 32.3% (₹4,819.48 million) of our total income from sale of goods for Fiscal Years 2019, 2020 and 2021, form part of a single global automotive group. 

Loss of all or a substantial portion of sales to any of our top ten customers, in particular, our top two customers, for any reason (including, due to loss of contracts or failure to negotiate acceptable terms in contract renewal negotiations, loss of market share of these customers, lack of commercial success of key parts that we manufacture, disputes with customers, adverse change in the financial condition of such customers, including due to possible bankruptcy or liquidation or other financial hardship, merger or decline in their sales, reduced or delayed customer requirements, plant shutdowns, labor strikes or other work stoppages affecting production by such customers) and/or, continued reduction of prices to these customers, could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. These customers may demand price reductions, set off any payment obligations, require indemnification for themselves or their affiliates, change their outsourcing strategy by moving more work in house, replace us with our competitors, or replace their existing products with alternative products which we do not supply. For risks related to contractual arrangements with our customers, see “– _Our Company may not realize all of the revenue expected from our new and incremental business backlog and does not have firm commitment agreements with customers_ .” below. There can be no assurance that we will not lose all or a portion of sales to these customers, or that we will be able to offset any reduction of prices to these customers with reductions in our costs or by obtaining new customers. 

Further, under the engineering statement of work, our customers provide us with program specific sourcing confirmations, including specific part numbers, volume projections of their requirements for the specific program, program life and supply locations. As our orders are linked to specific vehicles/models and are not generally interchangeable with other models/vehicles, the discontinuation of, loss of business with respect to, or a lack of commercial success of, a particular vehicle model, for which 

30 

we are a significant supplier could reduce our sales and affect our estimates of anticipated sales, which could in turn have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We are also exposed to the risk of failure by our customers to successfully launch new programs in a timely and cost efficient manner which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

# **_6. Our Company may not realize all of the revenue expected from our new and incremental business backlog and does not have firm commitment agreements with customers._** 

The amount of our sales to the customers, including the realization of future sales from awarded business or obtaining new business or customers, is inherently subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including the accuracy of customer estimates relating to the number of vehicles to be produced and sold and the timing of such production. Typically, we participate in a lengthy and rigorous vendor selection process with our customers, which can take up to two to three years from the date of issue of a request for information or request for quote for securing business. Upon winning a program, we expect to receive all or a sizable portion of revenue from the development program. However, there is no assurance in relation to the sales volumes and revenue that the program will eventually generate for us. Further, our customers may delay or cancel a development program that has been awarded to us due to various reasons. For example, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, four of our development programs which were due to commence production in Fiscal Year 2021 have been delayed. Since we do not have firm commitment or long term supply agreements with our customers, and instead rely on letters of intent, purchase orders, statements of work and customer schedules to govern the volume and other terms of the development program and sales, which may be amended or cancelled prior to finalization, we may not have any recourse in the event of an unexpected delay or cancellation of a development program. We base our growth projections, in part, on volume projections given to us by our customers. Under the letter of intent and statement of work, our customers provide us only with forecast volume for the program and there is no commitment on the part of the customer to purchase the quantities specified in the volume projections. Such volume projections are based on a number of economic and business factors, variables and assumption, some or all of which may change or may not be accurate. Accordingly, our order book and growth projections are not necessarily an accurate indication of what our actual sales and revenues from such orders will be, nor does it purport to project our results of operations, financial position or cash flows for any future period or date. 

Further, our purchase orders with customers are generally open-ended in terms of period and quantity to be supplied. Pursuant to the purchase order, our customers provide program specific delivery schedules throughout the period of the program which specify the details of delivery. The purchase orders are valid as long as the customers require the specific components from us. Accordingly, there is no commitment on the part of the customer to continue to place new work orders with us and as a result, our sales from period to period may fluctuate significantly as a result of changes in our customers’ vendor preferences or the discontinuation of, loss of business with respect to, or a lack of commercial success of, a particular vehicle model or program or platform. Our customers may terminate their arrangements with us for cause or otherwise with notice, including on account of change of control of our Company, strikes or lock-outs at the premises of our suppliers and non-compliance with contractual obligations such as stringent standards for product quality and quantity as well as delivery schedules, and in certain cases have no liability to pay or reimburse for lost profits, unabsorbed overhead, capital investment made by us, product development and engineering costs, facilities and equipment rental and other related costs such as penalties or administrative charges incurred directly or indirectly by our Company in connection with cancelled orders. In addition, we do not have exclusive contracts with some of our large customers, which entitles them to replace us with another supplier under certain circumstances. Accordingly, we may not in fact realize all of the future sales represented by our awarded business. Any failure to realize substantially all the revenue from these sales and our new and incremental business backlog, could have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_7. The COVID-19 pandemic, or a similar public health threat, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations._** 

An outbreak of the COVID-19 was recognized as a pandemic by the World Health Organization (“ **WHO** ”), on March 11, 2020. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the governments of many countries, including India, US, Europe and China have taken preventive or protective actions, such as imposing country-wide lockdowns, restrictions on travel and business operations and advising or requiring individuals to limit their time outside of their homes. Individuals’ ability to travel both within and outside of India have been curtailed through mandated travel restrictions and may be further limited. Since May 2020 some of these measures had been lifted and partial travel had been permitted. However, continuing into Fiscal 2021, the world has been, and continues to be, impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Resurgence of the virus or a variant of the virus in March 2021 that causes a rapid increase in cases and deaths has resulted in several Indian states and countries re-imposing lockdown restrictions to control the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, which if prolonged may cause significant economic disruption in India and the rest of the world. These measures have impacted and may have a further impact on our workforce and operations in India and overseas jurisdictions in which we operate, the business of our customers and suppliers. COVID-19 impacts that had subsided may again impact our business in the future and new impacts may emerge, particularly given the rise of COVID19 cases in India in the first half of 2021. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has led to a significant downturn in the global economy and substantial curtailment of business activities worldwide, which adversely affected, and may adversely affect in the future, our results of operations, financial 

31 

condition and cash flows. The resultant disruptions to the supply chain and reduced levels of orders, consumer spending and industrial production in the affected countries has precipitated an economic slowdown in those economies which, if prolonged, could cause a global recession. A significant portion of our income is derived from sale of goods with end-use in the overseas markets, including North America, Europe and China. We also have assembly plants and warehouses across USA, China, Mexico, Germany and Belgium and sell our products in various countries outside India. The COVID-19 pandemic and the related preventive and protective actions had impacted our business through complete suspension of activities at our manufacturing and assembly facilities in India and overseas jurisdictions. 

The table below sets forth the periods during which our manufacturing and assembly facilities were shut down due to the COVID19 pandemic. 

||**Period of shut down**|**Duration of shutdown (in**<br>**number of working days)**|
|---|---|---|
|China|• December 30, 2019 until February 9, 2020|35|
|Mexico|• April 1, 2020 until May 20, 2020; and<br>• December 24, 2020 until January 3, 2021|43|
|USA|• March 20, 2020 until May 16, 2020|41|
|Chennai|• March 23, 2020 until May 8, 2020; and<br>• June 8, 2020 until July 6, 2020|56|
|Three units in Gurugram|• March 23, 2020 until May 3, 2020|29|
|Manesar|• March 23, 2020 until April 23, 2020|23|
|Pune|• March 23, 2020 until May 17, 2020|40|



As a result, in Fiscal 2020 and the period thereafter during which our manufacturing facilities were shut down, we experienced overall low consumer demand in the automotive markets, and consequently low orders from our customers for our systems and components. Although lockdown was partially and gradually eased since May 2020, as a result of the movement restrictions in India and globally to curb the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic, production in our manufacturing facilities was adversely impacted due to manpower constraints, supply chain disruption, disruption in timely availability and transportation of raw materials, unavailability of personnel, delays in obtaining local approvals and clearances and cash flow challenges of suppliers and contractors. For example, four of our development programs which were due to commence production in Fiscal Year 2021 have been delayed. There is no assurance how long the lockdown restrictions and advisories may be in place or when commercial and industrial activities will return to pre-pandemic levels even after such restrictions or advisories are lifted. 

After commencement of operations at our manufacturing facilities due to easing of lockdown measures, production levels at our manufacturing facilities returned to pre-COVID levels as set forth below. 

|China|February, 2020|
|---|---|
|Mexico|November, 2020|
|USA|May, 2020|
|Chennai|July, 2020|
|Three units in Gurugram|July, 2020|
|Manesar|July, 2020|
|Pune|July, 2020|



Due to the lockdown imposed during the COVID-19 pandemic and consequent breakdown of the supply chain, some of our suppliers invoked force majeure clauses under their agreements with us, requesting for extension in delivery duration. Our customers may also face financial difficulties due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, which may lead to difficulties for us to collect our accounts receivables and increased risks of incurring bad debt. Due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, our income from sale of goods in the quarter ended June 30, 2020 was ₹1,355.06 million, which was lower by 54.3% compared to ₹2,968.28 million in the immediately previous quarter. Therefore, the receivables outstanding as on June 30, 2020 were lower compared to March 31, 2020. However, we did not incur any doubtful or bad debts against receivables during this period. Thereafter, the income from sale of goods in quarters ended September 30, 2020, December 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021 was higher at ₹3,648.27 million by 169.2%, ₹4,681.34 million by 28.3% and ₹5,204.67 million by 11.2%, over the respective previous quarters, in each case and accordingly, our receivables outstanding and trade payables in these quarters were also higher. Our receivables amounted to ₹4,169.87 million as on March 31, 2021, which was 78.5% higher as compared to ₹2,336.28 million as 

32 

on March 31, 2020. Our trade payables were ₹2,241.09 million as on March 31, 2021, which was 92.8% higher as compared to ₹1,162.25 million as on March 31, 2020. 

Our cash and liquidity needs are impacted by the level, variability and timing of our customers’ worldwide vehicle production and other factors outside of our control. If the global economy experiences significant decline in the future, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow could be materially adversely affected. Given that there are fixed costs associated with our business operations, it may be difficult to adjust our cost base to the extent necessary, to withstand a complete and prolonged lockdown situation like COVID-19 and can result in non-cash impairment charges as the value of certain long-lived assets is reduced. As a result, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected during periods of prolonged declining production and sales volumes in one or all of our product segments. The negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations from continued volume declines could also have negative effects on our liquidity. If cash flows are not available from our operations, we may be required to rely on the banking and credit markets to meet our financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs. However, we cannot predict whether that funding will be available at all or on commercially reasonable terms. 

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have taken active measures to promote health and safety and social distancing efforts, including providing for PPEs, masks, hand sanitizers, and gloves to employees in our manufacturing facilities and in affected areas, staggered working shifts at our manufacturing and assembly plants and working closely with health authorities for obtaining approvals to commence operations at our plants and to enact and enforce safety guidelines. In addition, as part of our risk management policy, we developed a mobile phone based application for our employees to report their health status on a daily basis and also implemented a safety SOP applicable for our employees travelling between workplace and home, inside shop safety management practices including vendor safety management and measures to check vehicles entering and leaving our premises and employees returning to the workplace after easing of lockdown. However, our efforts may not be successful and we may not have sufficient protection or recovery plans to continue to deal with the COVID-19 pandemic or similar public health threats in the future, which may negatively affect our ability to meet demands of our customers and may increase the costs of our production and sales. In connection with public health threats, we may also be required to temporarily close our manufacturing facilities, R&D centers and warehouses, which may impact productivity and otherwise disrupts our business operations. In addition, the current outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a widespread global health crisis and adversely affected global economies and financial markets, and similar public health threats could do so in the future as well. Such events have impacted, and could in the future impact, demand for automobiles and consumer purchase patterns, which in turn, could adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. 

Even if a virus or other disease does not spread significantly and such measures are not implemented, the perceived risk of infection or significant health risk may adversely affect our business. Manufacturing facilities may be perceived as unsafe during such public health threats. If any of our workforce or our manufacturing plants, R&D centers and warehouses are identified as a possible source of spreading COVID-19, or if there is a public perception that such risk exists, our facilities may have to be shutdown and our business operations may be adversely affected. Any negative impact on consumers’ willingness or ability to purchase automobiles or automobile components, consumers’ willingness or ability to make purchase orders, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, consumer demand in the automotive sector was adversely affected during the quarters ended March 31, 2020 and June 30, 2020 as a result of which, our restated consolidated income from sale of goods was ₹2,968.28 million and ₹1,355.06 million, respectively for these quarters. Our restated consolidated income from sale of goods increased to ₹3,648.27 million during the quarter ended September 30, 2020, an increase by 169.2% as compared to the immediately previous quarter and further to ₹4,681.34 million during quarter ended December 31, 2020 representing a growth of 64.6% in our restated consolidated income from sale of goods as compared to ₹2,844.00 million for the quarter ended December 31, 2019. Similarly, Our Pro Forma consolidated income from sale of goods for Fiscal 2021 was ₹14,889.34 million, which showed a year on year growth of 26.1% in our Pro Forma consolidated income from sale of goods of ₹11,804.19 million for Fiscal 2020. It is not possible to accurately predict the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, financial condition and results of operations due to the evolving and varying nature of the COVID-19 pandemic and the extent of its impact across industries and geographies and numerous other uncertainties, including the duration and spread of the pandemic, additional actions that may be taken by governmental entities, the further impact on our customers, suppliers and business partners, our ability to continue to manufacture and sell our systems and components, including as a result of travel restrictions and people working from home, ability of our customers to pay in a timely manner, any closures of our facilities and the facilities of our customers and suppliers and demand for our systems and components. In addition, there can be no assurance that any efforts taken by us to address the adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic or actions taken to contain the COVID-19 pandemic or its impact will be effective or will not result in significant additional costs. 

**_8. Development of our technologically advanced systems and components involves a lengthy and expensive process with uncertain timelines and uncertain outcomes. We are dependent on the success of our R&D and the failure to develop new or improved products or process improvements or production techniques could subject us to write-offs or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and have a negative impact on our competitive position._** 

33 

Our future growth depends on our ability to continue to develop and commercialize innovative, viable and sustainable new automotive systems and components in a timely and cost-effective manner, improve our existing systems and components, or to develop process improvements that can improve time, quality and cost efficiency. The development and commercialization of new products is complex, time-consuming and costly, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. The automotive industry is characterized by rapid and frequent advancements in technology and changes in market demand can often render existing technologies and equipment obsolete and could require substantial new capital expenditures or subject us to write-offs. Due to the long lead times associated with development for many of the technologically advanced automotive systems and components, as well as the competitive advantage that can come from being the initial developer of a new product, it is important that we maintain a sufficiently large portfolio of systems and components and a product pipeline and manage their development processes so as to bring our systems and components to market on a timely basis. The launch of a new product is a complex process, the success of which depends on a wide range of factors, including the production readiness of our manufacturing facilities and manufacturing processes and those of our suppliers, as well as factors related to tooling, equipment, employees, initial product quality and other factors. Production shortfalls or production delays, if any, or our inability to accurately estimate the cost to design, develop and launch new products could result in our failure to effectively manage our manufacturing costs relating to these product program launches. If we are unable to bring enough products to market, or if products are brought to market after competing products are commercialized, our growth strategy may not be successful and our business would be adversely affected. 

During Fiscal Years 2019, 2020 and 2021, our total expenditure on R&D amounted to ₹244.04 million, ₹404.49 million and ₹915.03 million, respectively, representing 1.7%, 3.3% and 5.8%, respectively, of our total revenue from operations in those periods. As at March 31, 2021, we had 186 on-roll employees engaged in R&D activities, representing approximately 15.4% of our total on-roll manpower, with 16 software engineers focused on R&D. We have also established digital simulations, testing and validation facilities located at three R&D centers in India. We cannot assure you that the investments we have made in R&D will yield satisfactory results in terms of improved products, or will yield any results at all. Despite our investments in this area, our R&D efforts may not result in the discovery or successful development of new and innovative systems and components. In addition, even where we successfully develop any such new or improved products in a timely manner, there can be no assurance that the new or improved product will be commercially successful and meet the price expectations of our customers. Further, if our competitors develop new processes or production techniques, or improve existing processes or production techniques that may give them significant cost and marketing advantages, we may be unable to retain our customers, which would adversely affect our revenues and profitability. We also cannot guarantee that any investment we make in developing products will be recouped, even if we are successful in commercializing those products. 

# **_9. We may not be successful in implementing our growth strategies, including our strategy to capture market opportunity in the growing Electric Vehicle market._** 

The success of our business depends on our ability to effectively implement our business growth strategies. See “ _Our Business_ ” on page 167, for details on our growth strategies. Even if we have successfully executed our business strategies in the past, there can be no assurance that we will be able to execute our strategies on time and within the estimated budget, or that we will meet the expectations of targeted customers. 

As part of our growth strategy, we plan to increase our market share in both the Indian and overseas markets by catering specifically to EV OEMs. As at March 31, 2021, we had 15 development programs for supply of our systems and components to EV manufacturers across North America, Europe, China and India, of which, active production process has commenced for eight programs and regular production is yet to commence for seven programs. We have been supplying differential gears in the global EV market since April 2016 and differential assemblies since 2018, and according to the Ricardo Report, our global market share of BEV differential assemblies in calendar year 2020 was 8.7%. According to Ricardo, BEV sales as a percentage of total global vehicle sales was 3.3% in calendar year 2020. In Fiscal Years 2019, 2020 and 2021, our income from sale of goods to the BEV market amounted to ₹174.19 million, ₹233.59 million and ₹2,056.98 million, respectively. Our income from sale of goods to the BEV market as a percentage of our total income from sale of goods were 1.3%, 2.0% and 13.8% in Fiscal Years 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. Further, our total expenditure on R&D amounted to ₹244.04 million, ₹404.49 million and ₹915.03 million during Fiscal Years 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. Our R&D expenditures as a percentage of revenue from operations were 1.7%, 3.3% and 5.8% for Fiscal Years 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. The Company does not keep a track of R&D expenditure in the EV segment separately. As a result, we are well-positioned to benefit from the global trend in the automotive industry towards electrification of vehicles which continues to expand, driven by government regulations related to emissions, such as Corporate Average Fuel Economy standards, as well as consumer demand. According to the Ricardo Report, among the available propulsion technologies, BEV has been the fastest growing segment at a CAGR of approximately 46% between calendar years 2015 to 2020 and is expected to grow at a CAGR of approximately 36% between calendar years 2020 to 2025 with increased market penetration. However, the market for electric vehicles is relatively new, rapidly evolving, characterized by rapidly changing technologies, price competition, additional competitors, evolving government regulation and industry standards, frequent new vehicle announcements and consumers’ willingness to adopt electric vehicles. A decline in the trend towards electrification driven by changing consumer preference or any change in government policy, laws and regulations that reduces or eliminates support for electrification of vehicles, resulting in lower demand for electrical vehicles and consequently a significant reduction in production of electric vehicles could have an adverse effect on our sales to EV OEMs and lead to a decline in our earnings from the EV market. 

34 

We also plan to increase our market share across our product verticals and diversify our offerings of systems and components, customer base and geographical footprint, develop, engineer and bring to market new and innovative technologically advanced products and solutions to meet the growing demands of our customers and continue to invest in our R&D and technological capabilities. 

We expect our strategies to place significant demands on our management and other resources and require us to continue developing and improving our operational, financial and other internal controls. We may not be successful in implementing our growth strategies due to various factors, including failure to adapt to rapidly evolving technological changes, anticipate and accurately assess potential growth opportunities and new markets and effectively allocate resources and capital investment in a timely and cost-effective manner to capitalize on such opportunities, attract new customers, obtain sufficient financing for our expected capital expenditures, control input costs, effectively manage our internal supply chain, manufacturing processes and operations and costs related to R&D and maintain sufficient operational and financial controls. We may also not be successful in implementing our goals due to factors beyond our control, including shift in customer preferences towards products that we are unable to manufacture, change in business and spending plans of our customers with whom we have collaborated to produce new and innovative systems and components or downturn in the global economic, financial and market conditions resulting in decline in demand for our products. 

Our inability to effectively manage the expansion of our business and execute our strategies effectively, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_10. We rely on the skills and experience of our management team and other key personnel and the loss of any of these team members or the inability to attract and retain qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business operations._** 

Our future success is significantly dependent upon the continued efforts and service of our management team as well as other key personnel. In an event of their retirement or departure from the company, there is no assurance that we will be able to find suitable replacements for such key management personnel in a timely manner or at all and implement a smooth transition of responsibilities to any newly appointed management personnel. This could affect our operations resulting in a decline in the performance of our business. 

We are a technology driven company with significant focus and investment in our in-house R&D capabilities. The future success of our investments in innovation will depend upon, among other factors, our ability to continue to attract and retain qualified personnel, particularly engineers and other associates with critical expertise, know-how and skills that are capable of helping us develop technologically advanced systems and components and support key customers and products. The scarcity of labor in certain employment areas makes it difficult to hire the employees needed to increase production. If we lose the services of any member of our key management or other skilled personnel, we may not be able to locate suitable or qualified replacements, which could adversely affect our business and growth. 

Our rapid growth also requires us to continue to attract, hire and retain a wide range of qualified, experienced and skilled personnel at all levels of our business and operations who can adapt to a dynamic, competitive and challenging business environment. Competition for skilled personnel in the automotive component manufacturing industry is intense, and we may need to offer a more attractive compensation and other benefits package, including share-based compensation, to attract and retain them. Even if we were to offer higher compensation and other benefits, there is no assurance that these individuals will choose to join or continue to work for us. For example, in Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021, our attrition rate was 12%, 11.4% and 8.7%, respectively. The loss of the services of our executive officers or other key associates, unexpected turnover, or the failure to attract, retain or motivate key management and experienced, skilled and capable personnel could impact the progress of our product innovation, development, launch and production operations and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_11. Pricing pressure from customers may affect our gross margin, profitability and ability to increase our prices, which in turn may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Pursuing cost-cutting measures while maintaining rigorous quality standards may lead to an erosion of our margins, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, estimating amounts of such price reductions is subject to risk and uncertainties, as any price reduction is the result of negotiations and other factors. Accordingly, suppliers must be able to reduce their operating costs in order to maintain profitability. Such price reductions may affect our sales and profit margins. If we are unable to offset customer price reductions in the future through improved operating efficiencies, new manufacturing processes, sourcing alternatives and other cost reduction initiatives, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. Our customers also negotiate for larger discounts in price as the volume of their orders increase. In addition, substantially all of our systems and components are customized to specific customer requirements, which requires us to incur significant costs in setting up our capabilities to manufacture these products, which may or may not be fully recovered from the customers. To maintain our profit margins, we focus on developing new systems and components, the benefits of which support stable or increased prices. In addition, we seek price reductions from 

35 

our suppliers, improved production processes to increase manufacturing efficiency and streamlined product designs to reduce costs. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able to avoid future customer price reductions or offset the impact of any such price reductions through continued technology improvements, improved operational efficiencies, cost-effective sourcing alternatives, new manufacturing processes, cost reductions or other productivity initiatives, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_12. We are exposed to counterparty credit risk and any delay in receiving payments or non receipt of payments may adversely impact our results of operations._** 

Due to the nature of, and the inherent risks in, the agreements and arrangements with our customers, we are subject to counterparty credit risk and a significant delay in receiving large payments or non-receipt of large payments may adversely impact our results of operations. Our operations involve extending credit to our customers in respect of sale of our products and consequently, we face the risk of the uncertainty regarding the receipt of these outstanding amounts. There is no assurance that we will accurately assess the creditworthiness of our customers. Further, macroeconomic conditions, such as a potential credit crisis in the global financial system, could also result in financial difficulties for our customers, including limited access to the credit markets, insolvency or bankruptcy. Such conditions could cause our customers to delay payment, request modifications of their payment terms, or default on their payment obligations to us, all of which could increase our receivables. Timely collection of dues from customers also depends on our ability to complete our contractual commitments and subsequently bill for and collect from our clients. If we are unable to meet our contractual obligations, we may experience delays in the collection of, or be unable to collect, our customer balances, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. We are also dependent upon the market for financing, and the inability for us, our customers or our suppliers to obtain and maintain sufficient capital financing, including working capital lines, and credit insurance may adversely affect our, our customers’ and our suppliers’ liquidity and financial condition. 

Accordingly, we had and may continue to have high levels of outstanding receivables. As of Fiscal Years 2019, 2020 and 2021, our trade receivables were ₹2,732.98 million, ₹2,336.28 million and ₹4,169.87 million, respectively, which constituted 19.1%, 19.1% and 26.6% of our revenue from operations for the respective periods. If our customers delay or default in making these payments, our profits margins and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

# **_13. If we are unable to anticipate, identify, understand and respond timely to rapidly evolving technological and market trends and preferences and develop new products to meet our customers’ demands and to adapt to major changes and shifts in the automotive market, our business may be materially adversely affected._** 

The automotive markets in which we operate are undergoing significant technological changes, with increasing focus on, among other things, electrification of vehicles, development of hybrid vehicles and advanced driver assistance technologies, power storage capacity and technological changes in ICE engines. Our results of operations and financial condition are impacted, in part, by our competitive advantage in developing, engineering and manufacturing innovative and/or improved products. According to the CRISIL Report, as compared to the publicly listed top ten auto-component manufacturers in India by market capitalization, we were the highest in terms of operating EBITDA margin, PAT margin, ROCE and ROE and one of the top ten auto-component manufacturers in India in terms of operating EBITDA and profit before tax in Fiscal Year 2020. Our total operating income has grown at a CAGR of 10.9% from Fiscal 2016 to 2020 as compared to the average CAGR of 8.1% for the top ten listed auto-component manufacturers in India by market capitalization, in the same period, according to the CRISIL Report. For further details on our performance metrics as compared to our competitors in the automotive market, see, “ _Industry Overview –Key competitors and benchmarking of financial data_ ” on page 164. Our ability to anticipate changes in technology, successfully develop, engineer, and bring to market new and innovative and/or improved products, or successfully respond to evolving business models (including electric vehicle advances), may have a significant impact on our market competitiveness. Maintaining our competitive position is dependent on our ability to develop commercially-viable products that support the future technologies adopted by our customers and meet our customers’ demands in a timely manner. 

According to the Ricardo Report, we are among the limited number of players who are well placed to combine our motor and driveline capabilities to offer a compelling value proposition to our EV customer base. To meet our various customers’ requirements and maintain our technological leadership, we have incurred in the past and continue to incur capital expenditures to develop new systems and components and adapt our range of systems and components based on collaboration with our key customers and to meet customers’ demands. Accordingly, any change in our customers’ preferences, delay in product launches by our customers or failure by our customers to successfully launch new programs, could render our current systems and components obsolete or less attractive which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, unexpected advances in a given technology in the market or difficulties encountered in developing a new technology internally, could prevent us from seizing opportunities relating to technological breakthroughs and as a result could impact our competitive positioning, growth and profitability. We are also subject to the risks generally associated with new product 

36 

introductions and applications, including lack of market acceptance, delays in product development and failure of our systems and components to operate properly. If we are unable to maintain our competitive advantage through innovation or if we do not sustain our ability to meet customer requirements relative to technology, or acquire new and compelling products that capitalize upon new technologies in response to OEM and consumer preferences, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

# **_14. Our business faces substantial competition._** 

We compete globally with a number of other automotive component manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell products similar to ours. According to the CRISIL Report, as compared to the publicly listed top ten auto-component manufacturers in India by market capitalization, we were the highest in terms of operating EBITDA margin, PAT margin, ROCE and ROE and one of the top ten auto-component manufacturers in India in terms of operating EBITDA and profit before tax in Fiscal Year 2020. Our total operating income has grown at a CAGR of 10.9% from Fiscal 2016 to 2020 as compared to the average CAGR of 8.1% for the top ten listed auto-component manufacturers in India by market capitalization, in the same period, according to the CRISIL Report. For further details on our performance metrics as compared to our competitors in the automotive market, see, “ _Industry Overview –Key competitors and benchmarking of financial data_ ” on page 164. Technology, price, design, quality, delivery, engineering development and program launch support are the primary elements of competition in our markets. Our competitors include manufacturing facilities controlled by OEMs, as well as many other independent domestic and foreign suppliers. In some instances we also sell to and collaborate with our competitors to develop automotive systems and components, which may adversely affect our competitive situation. In addition to traditional competitors in the automotive sector, the trend towards advanced electronic integration and electrification has led to an increase in the significance of technology to our current and future products and the amount of capital we need to invest to develop these new technologies, as well as an increase in the amount of competition we face from technology focused new market entrants. A number of our competitors are larger than we are, and some competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do and other economic advantages as compared to our business, such as patents, existing underutilized capacity, lower labor costs, lower health care costs, lower tax rates and, in some cases, export or raw materials subsidies. As a result of these competitive pressures and other industry trends, OEMs and suppliers are developing strategies to reduce costs. These strategies include supply base consolidation, OEM in-sourcing and global sourcing. Our OEM customers may change their outsourcing strategy due to various reasons, resulting in change in our position from a single source supplier for certain systems and components to some customers to becoming a dual source supplier for such customers. Some of our major OEM customers also manufacture products for their own uses that directly compete with our products. 

Increased competition could adversely affect our business. In addition, any of our competitors may foresee the course of market development more accurately than we do, develop products that are superior to our products, produce similar products at a cost that is lower than our cost, or adapt more quickly than we do to new technologies or evolving customer requirements. As a result, our products may not be able to compete successfully with our competitors’ products, and we may not be able to meet the growing demands of customers. If we misjudge the amount of capital to invest or are otherwise unable to continue providing products that meet our customers’ needs in this environment of rapid technological change, our market competitiveness could be adversely affected. 

# **_15. Growth of the Electric Vehicle market depends on the development and maintenance of the required charging infrastructure. Lack of availability of, and access to relevant and adequate charging infrastructure, will result in a slowdown in the increasing trend towards vehicle electrification, which may impact our ability to capture the growth opportunity in the Electric Vehicle market._** 

The growing trend towards vehicle electrification and faster adoption of EVs among consumers, is dependent on the availability of, access to, convenience and cost-effectiveness of relevant and adequate infrastructure and facilities required for EV charging as well as requisite support for development and maintenance of charging infrastructure. According to the Ricardo Report, availability of charging infrastructure is a potential issue for uptake of EVs. However, Governments across the world are making efforts to boost charging infrastructure. For example, France has allocated €1.3 billion to fund incentives that include grants and subsidies such as tax credit up to €300 and a grant of up to 50% of the purchasing and installation costs of charging infrastructure for individuals. China has extended its EV incentive program until 2023 which includes exemption from purchase tax calculated on the basis of battery energy density and energy consumption and the federal government of the USA offers up to US$ 7,500 in tax credits to consumers purchasing electric plug-in vehicles. 

According to the Ricardo Report, to enhance public charging, the Government of India has announced a plan to have at least one charging station in every 3km x 3km grid in cities and every 25 kms on either side of highways. For this purpose, the GoI has de-licensed the setting-up of public charging stations, enabling any individual or organization to set-up public charging stations that can obtain electricity from any generation company through open access. Further, according to the Ricardo Report, pursuant to the Faster Adoption and Manufacturing of Hybrid and Electric Vehicles in India Scheme, 2015 (“ **FAME II Scheme** ”), the GoI has approved 2,636 EV charging stations, of which, 1,633 are fast charging and 1,003 are slow charging stations, across 62 Indian cities and has allocated a budget of ₹100 billion for a period of three years commencing from April 1, 2019 to support, among other things, installation of charging infrastructure. The Ricardo Report further states that special electricity tariffs have 

37 

also been announced by DISCOMS in India for charging stations, which allow the charging providers to lower operating cost. For example, Bengaluru’s energy provider, BESCOM charges a special tariff of ₹5 per unit for the energy consumed by charging stations. 

If the initiatives taken by various Governments around the world to encourage creation of EV charging infrastructure is not successful, government spending towards EV purchase incentives and creation of charging infrastructure may decline, resulting in a slowdown in the trend towards faster vehicle electrification due to limited and expensive charging infrastructure. This will reduce the demand for our automotive systems and components specifically for EV OEMs, resulting in a decline in our earnings from the EV markets, which could adversely affect our business, prospectus and results of operations. 

**_16. Our business is subject to costs, risks and uncertainties, including those associated with laws and regulations in domestic and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate, tariffs and trade relations and international political conditions. Breach of applicable laws and regulations, including those related to environmental, health and safety regulations could adversely affect our business, operations and reputation._** 

The markets and customers we serve are subject to substantial government regulations, which often differ by state, region and country. We have operations in multiple countries that can be impacted by expected and unexpected changes in the legal and regulatory environments in which we operate. We have nine manufacturing and assembly facilities across India, China, Mexico and USA, of which six are located in India. We also have eight warehouses, of which, five are located in India and three across USA, Germany and Belgium and digital simulation, testing and validation facilities located at three R&D centers in India. For details, see “ _Our Business_ ” on pages 167 to 195. 

Our operations are subject to various domestic and foreign laws and regulations governing, among other things, noise control, emissions to air, discharge to waters and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste and other materials, environmental concerns (including concerns about global climate change and its impact such as greenhouse gas emissions), fuel economy standards, health and safety of employees, labor and accounting laws, foreign trade and investment, import and export license requirements and tariffs and taxes and intellectual property enforcement issues. We are also required to obtain and comply with environmental permits for certain of our operations. For instance, we require approvals under the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974, the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981, the Hazardous and Other Waste (Management and Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016 in order to establish and operate our manufacturing facilities in India. For details on the regulations and policies applicable to our Company, please see “ _Key Regulations and Policies in India_ ” on page 196. These government regulatory requirements could also significantly affect our customers by altering their global product development plans and substantially increasing their costs, which could result in limitations on the types of vehicles they sell and the geographical markets they serve. Any of these outcomes could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

We believe that our operations and manufacturing facilities have been, and are being, operated in compliance, in all material respects, with such laws and regulations. However, there can be no assurance that we will be in complete compliance at all times with such laws, regulations and the terms and conditions of any consents or permits. If we violate or fail to comply adequately with these requirements, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by the relevant regulators or our operations may be temporarily shut-down pending such compliance. Occurrence of any such events could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, these requirements may become more stringent over time and there can be no assurance that we will not incur significant costs or liabilities in the future in order to comply with evolving laws and regulations, including environmental, health and safety laws, regulations or other pertinent requirements that may be adopted or imposed in the future by governmental authorities. We do not carry any insurance to cover environmental liabilities in India and in the foreign jurisdictions where we operate. 

Our overseas business and growth initiatives are also exposed to changes in international tariffs, trade relations and policies, including renegotiated trade agreements, import and export license requirements, and imposition of tariffs that make unjustified, unreasonable or discriminatory trade actions impacting the countries in which we have a presence. There is no assurance that cost increases resulting from trade policies and tariffs will not adversely impact our profitability. Our sales may also be adversely impacted if tariffs are assessed directly on the products we produce or on our customers’ products containing content sourced from us. In addition, political activities within the countries where we conduct business, could also adversely impact our ability to operate in those countries. 

If we are unable to comply with any applicable domestic or foreign laws, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Further, changes in domestic and foreign laws, regulations and policies, including restrictions on trade, import and export license requirements, and tariffs and taxes, intellectual property enforcement issues as well as changes in policies relating to foreign trade and investment, may affect our ability to operate and the manner in which we manage our business in the countries in which we operate. 

# **_17. Our international operations are subject to a number of risks_** 

38 

We have manufacturing facilities and assembly plants and warehouses across US, Mexico, China, Germany and Belgium and sell our products in various countries outside India. For the Fiscal Year 2021, we derived 75.0% (₹11,162.05 million) of our income from sale of goods with end-use in the overseas markets, including 36.1% (₹5,368.10 million) in North America, 26.5% (₹3,950.51 million) in Europe and 7.6% (₹1,129.64 million) in China. Our international operations are subject to a number of risks inherent in operating abroad. We have significant exposure in foreign currencies like U.S. Dollar, Euro, British Pound and Japanese Yen on account of our export revenue, international operations and imports of materials, capital goods and services. Accordingly, we are exposed to foreign currency risks that arise from our business transactions denominated in foreign currencies and investments done in foreign jurisdictions. Since our local reporting currency is Indian Rupees, we are also subject to currency translation risk as all foreign currency transactions including sales, purchases and expenses are translated into Indian rupees for the purposes of our consolidated financial statements. We are also required to translate the financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries in USA, Hongkong, Mexico and China to Indian Rupees. 

In accordance with “ _Accounting Standard 21 - Consolidated Financial Statements_ ” issued by Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, at the time of conversion of the financial statements of the foreign subsidiary during the consolidation process, line items of the profit and loss account are converted using an average exchange rate for the period or year under consideration except for opening and closing stock, which are converted at the opening and closing exchange rate respectively, whereas items of the balance sheet are converted using the closing exchange rate for the period or calendar year under consideration. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the Indian Rupee may have an adverse effect on our reported revenues and financial results because of variations in the exchange rate prevailing in the previous comparative period and also affect the value of our foreign assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currency and the relative prices at which we and our foreign competitors sell products in the same markets. 

While we hedge a significant part of our net foreign currency transaction exposure estimated on a rolling 12 months’ forward basis to help mitigate certain of these risks and reduce the effects of fluctuations in exchange rates on our results of operations, our efforts to manage these risks may not be successful and we may still incur losses on account of fluctuations in exchange rates. According to the currency hedging policy approved by our Board, we are required to hedge 75% of our net foreign currency exposure on the basis of projected foreign currency collections and payments for the next 12 months. As on March 31, 2021, our USD denominated foreign currency trade receivables amounted to USD 43.67 million and we had USD denominated hedge contracts for USD 89.09 million based on our hedging policy. 

The table below sets forth our gain/(loss) on account of fluctuations in foreign currency for the periods indicated. 

||**Line item of the financials**<br>**impacted**|**For Fiscal 2021**|<br>**For Fiscal 2020**|_(Amount in ₹ million )_<br>**For Fiscal 2019**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Foreign exchange gain<sup>*</sup>|Other operating revenue|357.34|-|86.07|
|Foreign exchange (loss)<sup>*</sup>|Other expenses|-|(118.56)|(8.00)|



* Inclusive of fair value gain/loss on derivatives. 

We also file income-tax returns in and are subject to tax laws in foreign jurisdictions in which we have a presence and are subject to examinations of these income tax returns by the relevant tax authorities. Changes in tax laws and treaties or tax rates, the resolution of tax assessments or audits by various tax authorities and our inability to fully utilize any tax loss carry forwards and tax credits could adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, our international operations are exposed to risks related to restrictive governmental actions and laws and policies of India and foreign governments affecting trade, foreign investment and loans (such as restrictions on transfer and repatriation of funds and trade protection measures, including import and export duties, licensing requirements, quotas, customs duties and tariffs) and compliance with local laws in foreign jurisdictions in which we have a presence. 

There can be no assurance that these risks and other adverse developments in the economic conditions of any of the markets in which our Company and its customers are present, particularly US, Europe and China, will not have a material adverse impact on our ability to increase or maintain our foreign sales or on our business, financial condition and/or results of operations. 

# **_18. The geographical concentration of our manufacturing facilities may restrict our operations and adversely affect our business and financial conditions._** 

The table below sets forth the details of our manufacturing facilities. For further details, see “ _Our Business – Our operations – Manufacturing locations_ ” on page 183. 

|**Location**|**Facilities**|**Nature of interest in the facilities**|
|---|---|---|
|In India|Gurugram(manufacturing)|1unit owned and2unitsleased|
||Manesar (assembly)|1 unit leased|
||Pune (manufacturing)|1 unit owned|
||Chennai (manufacturing)|1 unit owned|



39 

|Outside India|Hangzhou (assembly)|1 unit leased|
|---|---|---|
||Mexico (assembly)|1 unit leased|
||Tecumseh(assembly)|1unit owned|



Due to the geographic concentration of our manufacturing plants in India, our operations are susceptible to local and regional factors, such as accidents, system failures, civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic and political events in India, weather conditions, natural disasters, regional conflicts and demographic and population changes, and other unforeseen events and circumstances. We have a tool and die shop, which is only situated in Gurugram in India and caters to the production needs of all our manufacturing facilities. Any damage or destruction of or interruption of activities or capacity constraints in our tool and die shop will result in a temporary disruption of our manufacturing abilities for gears and differential assembly business resulting in delays in shipments of such systems and components. In addition, our assembly plants in Mexico, China and USA mostly manufacture automotive components for two of our top ten customers. As a result, any disruption or damage or stoppage of work in our plants in Mexico, China and USA may severely affect our ability to meet the demands of such customers and the loss of any of these top ten customers or a significant reduction in demand from such customers could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_19. We depend on third parties for the supply of raw material and delivery of certain products. A disruption in the supply of components and raw materials or failure of our suppliers to meet their obligations could impact our production and increase our costs._** 

We are dependent on third party suppliers for our raw materials and certain components used in the manufacture of our products. Although we purchase most of the commodities used in our manufacturing process from more than one supplier, we typically source components and assemblies for a particular part number from a single supplier. Accordingly, we are exposed to the risk of inadequate capacity leading to temporary production allocation or disruption of supplies for such components and assemblies which are procured for a single supplier. There is no assurance that if we experience a disruption of supplies, we will be able to source such commodities from alternative suppliers on similar commercial terms and within a reasonable timeframe. For certain key critical components such as drive assemblies, solenoid assemblies, machined steel components, carbon brushes assemblies and magnets required for manufacturing of our starter motors, we are dependent primarily on a limited number of suppliers in China, which cannot be replaced easily. If the available supply of such parts is insufficient to meet the needs of our business or if there is an interruption in supply from our Chinese suppliers, including due to any unanticipated outage, shutdown and/or suspension of production at their facilities, change in political relationship between India and China or implementation of laws and policies impacting our relationship with our Chinese suppliers, our ability to manufacture and sell our starter motors could be limited due to such sudden shortage of parts in the market which could result in order cancellations for our starter motors and have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

We select suppliers based on total value (including total landed price, quality, delivery, and technology), taking into consideration their production capacities and financial condition and expect that they will deliver in accordance with our quality standards and comply with their contractual obligations with us. However, there can be no assurance that capacity limitations, industry shortages, labor or social unrest, weather emergencies, commercial disputes, government actions, riots, wars, sabotage, cyberattacks, non-conforming parts, acts of terrorism, “Acts of God” such as fire, earthquake, floods, natural disasters and other events beyond human control, financial or operational instability of suppliers or other problems that our suppliers experience will not result in occasional shortages or delays in their supply of components to us. We are dependent upon the ability of our suppliers to meet performance and quality specifications and delivery schedules. The inability of a supplier to meet these requirements, the loss of a significant supplier, or any labor issues or work stoppages at a significant supplier could disrupt the supply of raw materials and parts to our facilities, preventing our Company from delivering to its customers, or cause returns of products under warranty or product recalls. This would have a material adverse impact on our customer relations, reputation and business and also generate additional costs for our Company such as exceptional transportation costs and costs related to finding alternative suppliers within constrained timelines which could adversely impact our financial condition. 

If we were to experience a significant or prolonged shortage of critical components from any of our suppliers and could not procure the raw materials or components from other sources, we would be unable to meet the production schedules for some of our key products and could miss customer delivery expectations. We cannot assure you that our suppliers will continue to supply the required components or raw materials to us or supply such raw materials and components at prices favorable to us, particularly at a time that we face substantial pressure from OEMs to reduce the prices of our products. Any change in the supplying pattern of our raw materials can adversely affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations. 

We also use third parties for the deliveries of finished and unfinished products from our manufacturing facilities and warehouses to our domestic and overseas customers as well as between production facilities. Transportation strikes have in the past and could in the future have an adverse effect on our supplies and deliveries to and from particular plants on a timely and cost efficient basis. An increase in freight costs or the unavailability of adequate port and shipping infrastructure for transportation of our products to our markets may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Further, we are also exposed to risks associated with various modes of transportation. While delivery of components to customers within India is generally shipped by road or rail, the majority of our shipments to China, Europe and USA are by sea and subject to risks, including 

40 

damage or loss of containers due to shipwreck, mishandling of our shipment at port or at sea, damage during transportation, loading and unloading, damage due to moisture, accidental fires and bad weather conditions, theft at sea, delay in customs clearance and other factors beyond our control. The occurrence of all or any of the above factors will result in delays in deliveries to our customers which could further cause a shutdown in our customer’s production processes and adversely affect our reputation, business and results of operations. While we have obtained insurance to cover such risks, which is in line with industry practice, our insurance policies may not be adequate to cover fully all potential risks related to delivery and transportation of our systems and components. Further, there no assurance that the amount of our insurance coverage will be sufficient to satisfy any damages arising from the occurrence of all or any of the above risks. See “ _Risk Factors – Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry – Our insurance may be insufficient to cover all losses associated with our business operations_ .” below. 

# **_20. Our business could be adversely affected by volatility in the price or availability of raw materials, components and sub-assemblies, utilities and natural resources and transportation costs._** 

Our Company uses a variety of raw materials and commodities (including aluminum, copper, nickel, plastic resins, steel, other raw materials and energy) and materials purchased in various forms such as peeled alloy steel bars, aluminum castings, steel forgings, magnets, steel and brass stampings, and plastic components in the production of our components. Although we have not experienced any disruption in our business due to price volatility or availability of raw materials in the last three financial years, there is no certainty that we may not experience volatility in the cost or availability of such raw materials and commodities or in the cost or availability of utilities and natural resources used in our operations, such as electricity, water and natural gas as well as increasing transportation costs in the future 

We have historically passed the increase in costs of some of the raw materials on to our customers. However, our cash flows may still be adversely affected because of any gap in time between the date of procurement of those primary raw materials and date on which we can reset the component prices for our customers, to account for the increase in the prices of such raw materials. Further, some customers may challenge such increased costs. The discontinuation or lessening of our ability to pass through transportation or raw material costs or otherwise mitigate these cost increases or obtain adequate supply of raw materials, utilities and natural resources could adversely affect our business. From time to time, commodity prices may also fall rapidly. If this happens, suppliers may withdraw capacity from the market until prices improve which may cause periodic supply interruptions. This may also be true of our transportation carriers and energy providers. If these supply interruptions occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

# **_21. We have significant power, water and fuel requirements and any disruption to power or water sources could increase our production costs and adversely affect our results of operations._** 

We require substantial power, water and fuel for our manufacturing facilities, and energy costs represent a significant portion of the production costs for our operations. For Fiscal Years 2019, 2020 and 2021, our power and fuel charges were ₹444.15 million, ₹329.72 million and ₹390.89 million, constituting 3.1%, 2.7% and 2.5%, respectively, of our total income. If energy or water costs were to rise, or if electricity or water supplies or supply arrangements were disrupted, our profitability could decline. 

We purchase utilities for our operations in India and overseas from the local utility companies in the jurisdictions in which we operate. In India, we also purchase utility from third party suppliers, where costs are less than purchasing directly from the state electricity boards. The cost of electricity from state electricity boards could be significantly higher, thereby adversely affecting our cost of production and profitability. Interruptions of electricity supply can result in production shutdowns, increased costs associated with restarting production and the loss of production in progress. If energy or water costs were to rise, or if electricity or water supplies or supply arrangements were disrupted, our profitability could decline. 

# **_22. We are subject to strict quality requirements and any failure by us or our component suppliers to comply with quality standards may lead to cancellation of existing and future orders, product recalls, product liability, warranty claims, litigation and other disputes and claims._** 

We are subject to strict quality standards imposed by our customers, applicable to our manufacturing processes. Failure by us or one of our component suppliers to achieve or maintain compliance with these requirements or quality standards may disrupt our ability to supply products sufficient to meet our customers’ demands until compliance is achieved. Our or our component supplier’s failure to comply with applicable quality standards could also result in our products failing to perform as expected, or alleged to result in bodily injury or property damage or both due to product failure, work accidents, fire or explosion, if our products are defective or are used incorrectly by our customers (or by their customers, who are the end-users). The occurrence of any such events could expose us to warranty, product recall or field action and product liability claims. Under the product warranties provide by us to certain key customers, we may be required to bear costs and expenses for the repair or replacement of these defective products. In addition, we may also be required to indemnify customers against losses occurring as a result of defective products and reimburse our customers for administrative, labor, material and other such costs. Such warranties may be enforced against us even in cases where the underlying sales contract has expired. In addition, costs and expenses associated with warranties, field actions, product recalls and product liability claims could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition and may differ materially from the estimated liabilities that we have recorded in our 

41 

consolidated financial statements. Our expenditure incurred for product warranties, product recalls and product liability claims was ₹2.10 million, ₹4.23 million and ₹8.87 million which was 0.01%, 0.03% and 0.06% of the total income for Fiscal Years 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. 

In addition to warranty claims relating directly to products we produce, potential product recalls for our customers and their other suppliers, and the potential reputational harm that may result from such product recalls, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. A recall claim could require us to review our entire product portfolio to assess whether similar issues are present in other product lines, which could result in significant disruption to our business and have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 

While we maintain insurance for product liability and recall, the amount of insurance may not be adequate to cover all insured claims and liabilities. The incurring of significant liabilities for which there is no, or insufficient, insurance coverage could adversely affect our business. Further, as a result of product liability legislation, civil claims may be brought against OEMs, where damages may have been caused by any faulty products that we produced. As a result, our OEM customers are entitled to claim indemnity from us under our agreements. We are currently, and may in the future become subject to legal proceedings and commercial or contractual disputes incidental to our business. Although we believe that none of these matters are likely to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition, there can be no assurance as to the ultimate outcome of any such legal proceeding or any future legal proceedings. 

# **_23. A failure of or disruption in our information technology infrastructure, including a disruption related to cybersecurity or non-compliance with data protection, privacy or information security related Indian or foreign laws, could adversely impact our business and operations._** 

We rely on the capacity, reliability and security of our IT systems and infrastructure in our operations. These include procurement, production, distribution, billing, reporting and consolidation software, as well as new product design and development. IT systems are vulnerable to disruptions, including those resulting from natural disasters, cyber-attacks or failures in third-party-provided services. Cybersecurity risks can include breaches of confidentiality, loss of integrity and/or availability of the data and/or transactions processed by the information systems (system malfunction, data theft, data destruction and loss of data integrity). These may result from external (denial of service, hacking, malware) or internal (tampering, breach of data confidentiality) threats. We are also exposed to other indirect social engineering related threats such as “fake chairman” or “fake treasurer” fraud, blackmail and threats related to ransomware and data hostage. In addition, we face threats in relation to onboard systems and products, in their design phase and also in their operational and service phases, as the case may be. These threats are increasing with the rise of autonomous and connected cars. 

A large-scale IT malfunction or interruption of one or more of our IT systems or cyber-attacks on our network could compromise the security of our systems and our ability to protect our networks and the confidentiality of sensitive data which may lead to tempering with or theft of our design drawings, proprietary design software, computer simulation software, testing software and other trade secrets, information relating to our intellectual property or business strategy, and data of third parties, including our employees and customers, resulting in production downtimes, lost revenues, inappropriate disbursement of funds and both internal and external supply shortages. Some cyber-attacks depend on human error or manipulation, including phishing attacks or schemes that use social engineering to gain access to systems or carry out disbursement of funds or other frauds, which raise the risks from such events and the costs associated with protecting against such attacks. In addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by such attacks or disruptions in the future or failure by us to comply with Indian or foreign laws and regulations, including laws and regulations regulating privacy, data protection or information security. These consequently could cause significant damage to our reputation, disruption of our operations, result in a loss or damage to our data or an inappropriate disclosure of confidential information, affect our relationships with our customers, suppliers and employees, lead to legal claims, proceedings or actions against our Company, liability or regulatory penalties under Indian or foreign laws protecting the privacy of personal information and ultimately adversely affect our business. 

Although we have implemented security policies, processes, and layers of defense designed to help identify and protect our systems and data from current and emerging technology threats and damage from intentional and unintentional misappropriation or corruption of our systems and information due to computer viruses, unauthorized access, cyber-attack and other similar disruptions, we have been, and likely will continue to be, subjected to such attacks or disruptions. For instance, we have in the past, been subject to a phishing attack by hackers pursuant to which we have been defrauded of ₹16.61 million. There is no assurance that the security measures we have in place will be successful or sufficient to protect our IT systems and data. Further, unavailability of, or failure to retain, well trained employees capable of constantly servicing our IT and/or ERP systems may lead to inefficiency or disruption of IT system thereby adversely affecting our ability to operate efficiently. 

**_24. We have undertaken and may continue to undertake strategic investments, acquisitions and collaborations (including in overseas locations) in the future, which may be difficult to sustain, integrate and/or manage successfully. These may expose us to uncertainties and risks, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial conditions and result of operations._** 

42 

We have invested and may continue to invest in business entities and even pursue acquisitions and strategic alliances in India, as well as, overseas that may enable us to achieve our growth objectives or provide us with complementary technologies. However, there are risks and uncertainties related to these investments and acquisitions, including the risk of failure of these business entities, financial risks, risks related to integrating enterprise resource planning systems and failure to successfully integrate and fully realize the expected benefits of such acquisitions and collaborations. The success and timing of any such present or future investments will depend on a variety of factors, many of which are not within our control. If we engage in investments or acquisitions, we may finance these transactions by borrowing or issuing additional debt or equity securities. The agreements entered into under such acquisition transactions typically include reciprocal obligations as well as representations and warranties, along with indemnity obligations of the transferor for any liabilities arising in connection with breaches of such representations and warranties, which will cause us to pay for remedies if there is any breach. The additional debt from any such investments or acquisitions, if consummated, could increase our debt to capitalization ratio. In addition, the ultimate benefit of any such investment or acquisition would depend on our ability to successfully integrate the acquired entity or assets into our existing business and to achieve any projected synergies, which is a significant challenge. Further, the consummation of certain acquisitions and amalgamations may require approvals and consents from regulatory authorities and other third parties which we may not receive in a timely manner or at all. For instance, we inter-alia require the approval of the NCLT Chandigarh, in order to consummate the proposed amalgamation of Comstar Automotive with our Company. In the event that we do not receive the requisite approvals, we may not be able to timely achieve the expected benefits of this amalgamation including the simplification of our existing holding structure, optimal utilization of existing resources, among others. There is also no assurance that the total costs associated with any current or future restructuring will not exceed our estimates, or that we will be able to achieve the intended benefits of these transactions. See “ _Risk Factors – Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry – We have assumed existing liabilities in relation to the Comstar Entities, which liabilities if realized may impact our profitability, cash flows and results of operations_ ” for risks related to our acquisition of Comstar Entities on page 43. 

Further, assessing a potential investment or growth opportunity involves extensive due diligence. However, the amount of information we can obtain about a potential investment or growth opportunity can be limited, and we can give no assurance that such future business ventures, acquisitions, and strategic alliances will not adversely affect our financial performance or will perform as planned. In the past, we have in the interests of the Company and its stakeholders, had to take write-offs or make provisioning related to our business entities in USA (pertaining to investment in Sona BLW Precision Forging Inc, USA) for ₹1,071.62 million and Europe (pertaining to investment in Sona Holdings B.V., The Netherlands) for ₹328.28 million, which had to file for insolvency proceedings. Our inability to successfully achieve the levels of organic and inorganic growth from our strategic initiatives could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_25. We have assumed existing liabilities in relation to the Comstar Entities, which liabilities if realized may impact our profitability, cash flows and results of operations._** 

We have assumed existing liabilities of the Comstar Entities pursuant to their acquisition. Although we have conducted due diligence on the Comstar Entities with the objective of identifying any material existing liabilities, we may not have been able to identify all such liabilities prior to the consummation of the acquisition. The terms of the Comstar Acquisition Agreement contain limited representations and warranties. There are also indemnities, which are limited to specified monetary limits, which will limit our recourse under these agreements. For details, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters_ ” on page 200. Any losses or liabilities suffered by us in relation to the Comstar Entities for which we are unable to recover under these agreements will materially adversely impact our results of operations, profitability, cash flows, the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_26. Any misappropriation or infringement of intellectual property rights of others could harm our business._** 

While we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty as to whether we are infringing on any existing third party intellectual property rights, which may force us to alter our technologies, obtain licenses or cease some of our operations. We may also be susceptible to claims from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims. Certain trademarks applied for by us have been objected to. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the registrations in a timely manner or at all. If claims or actions are asserted against us, we may be required to obtain a license, modify our existing technology or cease the use of such technology and design a new non infringing technology. Such licenses or design modifications can be extremely costly. Furthermore, necessary licenses may not be available to us on satisfactory terms, if at all. In addition, we may decide to settle a claim or action against us, which settlement could be costly. We may also be liable for any past infringement. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, in certain cases, our customers share their intellectual property rights in the course of the product development process that we carry out for them. If our customer’s intellectual property rights are misappropriated by our employees in violation of any applicable confidentiality agreements, our customers may seek damages and compensation from us. This could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and damage our reputation and relationships with our customers. 

43 

# **_27. Our continued operations are critical to our business and any shutdown of our manufacturing facilities or other manufacturing or production problems caused by unforeseen events may reduce sales and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our manufacturing facilities are subject to operating risks and we may encounter manufacturing problems or experience difficulties or delays in production as a result of occurrence of the following events or any other events beyond our control: 

- forced or voluntary closure of manufacturing plants, including as a result of regulatory inspections. 

- problems with supply chain continuity, including as a result of natural or man-made disasters at one of our facilities or at a suppliers or vendors’ facility; 

- manufacturing shutdowns, breakdown or failure of equipment, performance below expected levels of efficiency, obsolescence of our equipment and production facilities, industrial accidents and the need to comply with the directives of relevant government authorities; 

- labor disputes, strikes, lock-outs that may result in temporary shutdowns or manufacturing disruptions; 

- failure of a supplier to provide us with the critical raw materials or components for an extended period of time, which could impact continuous supply. 

- shortage of qualified personnel; 

- changes in applicable local and international laws and regulations impacting our manufacturing facilities where we operate; 

- changes in political relationships between India and the countries in which we have set-up manufacturing and assembly plants, impacting our facilities where we operate; 

- failure or bottlenecks in production processes, especially if we are unable to obtain adequate supply of utilities such as power and water or inability to successfully implement debottlenecking measures to reduce idle time or improve operating efficiency by reducing plant outages, wastage or yield losses or otherwise; and 

- other problems including, limits to our manufacturing capacity due to failure of our customer to set-up their plants or assembly lines properly resulting in loss of sale and revenue from such customer. 

The assembly lines of our customers rely significantly on the timely delivery of our components and our ability to provide an uninterrupted supply of our products is critical to our business. In addition, certain of our customers may impose significant penalties on us for any stoppage in any assembly line, caused either by delayed delivery of a component or a defect in the components delivered. Our business and financial results may be adversely affected by any disruption of operations at our manufacturing facilities, including as a result of any of the factors mentioned above, resulting in reduced production and reduced sales. This may also lead to loss of business and/or loss of customer which could impact our business adversely. 

# **_28. We regularly work with hazardous materials and activities in our operation can be dangerous, which could cause injuries to people or property._** 

Our operations are subject to operating risks associated with auto-component manufacturing, including related to handling and storage of raw materials used in our manufacturing processes. Our varnishing operations and heat treatment processes involve handling of heated billets, gears and forging dies and hazardous materials such as methanol, acetylene and nitrogen, which can cause accidents during the forging process resulting in serious injuries or death of employees or other persons, if improperly handled, and cause damage to our properties and the properties of others. Despite compliance with requisite safety requirements and standards, our operations are subject to significant hazards, including: 

- explosions; 

- fires; 

- mechanical failures and other operational problems; 

- inclement weather and natural disasters; 

- discharges or releases of hazardous substances, chemicals or gases; and 

44 

- other environmental risks. 

The occurrence of any of these hazards could result in a suspension of operations and the imposition of civil or criminal liabilities. For instance, in 2017, a fire broke out in one of our Company’s plants in Gurugram, however, there were no casualties, and no ensuing criminal or civil liabilities were imposed on our Company. The loss or shutting down of our facilities could disrupt our business operations and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and reputation. We may also face claims and litigation, in India or overseas, filed on behalf of persons alleging injury predominantly as a result of occupational exposure to hazards at our facilities. If these claims and lawsuits, individually or in the aggregate, are resolved against us, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

# **_29. Any disruption to the steady and regular supply of workforce for our operations, including due to strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our workforce or any other kind of disputes with our workforce or our inability to control the composition and cost of our workforce could adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations._** 

As of March 31, 2021, we had 1,204 on-roll and 1,939 off-roll employees, of which 315 employees are members of unions and we may be subject to industrial unrest, slowdowns and increased wage costs, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. While we consider our relationship with our employees to be good, we could experience disruptions in work due to disputes or other problems with our work force, which may adversely affect our ability to perform our business operations. 

Our Company also appoints independent contractors who in turn engage on-site contract labor for performance of certain of our ancillary operations in India. Although we do not engage these laborers directly, it is possible under Indian law that we may be held responsible for wage payments to laborers engaged by contractors should the contractors default on wage payments. Any requirement to fund such payments may adversely affect our results of operations. Furthermore, pursuant to the provisions of the Contract Labor (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970, we may be directed to absorb some of these contract laborers as our employees. Any such order from a court or any other regulatory authority may adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations. 

Further, work stoppages due to strikes or other events could result in slowdowns or closures of our operations which could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows and results of operations. For example, in 2011, operators in our Chennai plant went on strike for 54 days. During the period of the strike, the Chennai plant was accessible to rest of the employees and the movement of materials and employees was not constrained. We hired temporary manpower and used them along with all the professionals to assemble/manufacture our systems and components. There is no assurance that we may not experience any such events in the future. Work stoppages or slow-downs experienced due to labor unrest or strike could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_30. The availability of counterfeit products, such as products passed off as our systems and components by others, could adversely affect our goodwill and results of operations._** 

Entities in India and abroad could pass off their own products as ours, including counterfeit or pirated products. Certain entities could imitate our brand name, packaging materials or attempt to create look alike products. As a result, our market share could be reduced due to replacement of demand for our systems and components and deficiency in the quality of the counterfeit products will adversely affect our goodwill. We have also invested in our systems and components to distinguish it and to prevent counterfeit versions of our products from being distributed in the markets. The proliferation of counterfeit and pirated products, and the time and attention lost to defending claims and complaints about counterfeit products could have an adverse effect on our goodwill and our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition could suffer. 

# **_31. Our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group will continue to hold a significant equity stake in our Company after the Offer and their interests may differ from those of the other shareholders._** 

Upon completion of the Offer, our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group will hold [●]% of our paid-up Equity Share capital. For details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 77. Our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group will therefore have the ability to influence our operations significantly. This will include the ability to appoint Directors to our Board and the right to approve significant actions at Board and at shareholders’ meetings including issue of Equity Shares, payment of dividends, determining business plans and mergers and acquisitions strategies. The Promoters have also entered into an inter-se agreement which governs their relationship vis-à-vis each other. The inter-se agreement sets out how the parties to the agreement will vote on certain matters such as appointment of non-independent directors. For further details, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters - Shareholders’ agreements and other agreements_ ” on page 210. Further, if, in the future, our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group are unwilling to dilute their equity stake in our Company and do not, or are unable to, fund us, our growth may be affected. In addition, the trading price of the Equity Shares could be materially adversely affected if potential new investors are disinclined to invest in us because they perceive disadvantages to a large shareholding being concentrated in the hands of our Promoters. Certain of our Promoters and their affiliates engage in a broad spectrum of activities, including investments in the auto components industry. In the ordinary course of their business activities, certain of our Promoters and 

45 

their respective affiliates may engage in activities where their interests conflict with our interests or the interests of our shareholders and Promoter Group. 

Singapore Topco has availed a loan from certain overseas lenders. As on April 30, 2021, an aggregate principal amount of approximately USD 28 million remains outstanding under this loan. Security has been created over the entire share capital of Singapore Topco by BCP Topco I Pte. Ltd., the holding company of Singapore Topco in favor of such overseas lenders in this regard. While there are no events of default that are continuing on the date hereof under the overseas loan documents, to the extent that any amount under the loan facility remains outstanding, any continuing event of default at any time during the term of the overseas facility may lead to enforcement of the pledge, which could potentially lead to a change in control of our Company. 

# **_32. Our Company, Directors and Subsidiaries are involved in certain legal proceedings and potential litigation. Any adverse decision in such proceedings may render us/them liable to liabilities/penalties and may adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our Company, one of our Directors and Subsidiaries are currently involved in certain legal proceedings. These legal proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts and tribunals. The summary of outstanding litigation in relation to our Company, Directors and our Subsidiaries as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus have been provided below in accordance with the materiality policy adopted by our Board. For details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 399. 

|**Types of Proceedings**|**Number of Cases**|**Amount (in ₹ million)* **|
|---|---|---|
|**_Litigation against our Company_**|||
|Direct tax proceedings|4|88.28|
|Indirect tax proceedings|2|15.32|
|**_Litigation by our Company_**|||
|<br>Materialcivilproceedings|2|39.5|
|**_Litigation against our Directors_**|||
|Direct tax proceedings|2|Not ascertainable|
|**_Litigation against Comstar Automotive_**|||
|Direct tax proceedings|9|178.56|
|Indirect taxproceedings|1|281.97|
|**_Litigation involving Comstar Automotive Technology Services Private Limited_**|||
|<br>Direct taxproceedings|1|0.15|



* To the extent quantifiable. 

# **_33. We are yet to receive approval for a write-off from the regulator in respect of our erstwhile overseas step-down subsidiary._** 

In relation to one of our erstwhile step-down subsidiaries, Sona BLW Precision Forge Inc., USA, which had filed for insolvency proceedings, we were required to take certain write-offs, as stated in the risk factor “ _We have undertaken and may continue to undertake strategic investments, acquisitions and collaborations (including in overseas locations) in the future, which may be difficult to sustain, integrate and/or manage successfully. These may expose us to uncertainties and risks, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial conditions and result of operations_ ” on page 42. As required under applicable law, we had applied for approval to the RBI for write-off of an amount of USD 2.03 million paid by our Company against invocation of a standby letter of credit issued by one of its banks in favour of a lender of our step down overseas subsidiary, among other things, in our letter dated April 24, 2017 and subsequently in our letters dated December 13, 2018 and January 11, 2019. While the RBI had approved the other matters for which we had applied for write-offs, we are yet to receive approval from the RBI for the write-off of USD 2.03 million. If approval of the RBI is not received for such write off, and if it is considered as a violation of FEMA ODI Regulations by RBI, a monetary penalty may be imposed on the Company by RBI, at its discretion, including for an amount which may go up to thrice the above mentioned amount involved in the contravention. 

# **_34. We require certain licenses, permits and approvals in the ordinary course of business, and the failure to obtain or retain them in a timely manner may materially adversely affect our operations._** 

We are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals in India and in US, Europe and China, generally for carrying out our business and for each of our manufacturing facilities. For further details, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 403. A majority of these approvals, including the consent to establish and operate under environmental laws, are granted for a limited duration and require renewal from time to time. While we have applied for some of these approvals, we cannot assure you that such approvals will be issued or granted to us in a timely manner, or at all. If we do not receive such approvals or are not able to renew the approvals in a timely manner, our business and operations may be materially adversely affected. 

46 

Further, the licenses, permits and approvals required by us are subject to several conditions and we cannot assure you that we will be able to continuously meet such conditions, which may lead to cancellation, revocation or suspension of the relevant licenses, permits and approvals. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased compliance costs, be subject to penalties, have our licenses, approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

# **_35. The agreements governing our indebtedness contain conditions and restrictions on our operations, additional financing and capital structure._** 

As at March 31, 2021, our total indebtedness was ₹3,662.60 million. We have entered into several borrowing facilities of varying terms and tenures. 

The table below sets forth the details of our borrowings for the periods indicated. 

||||(_Amount in ₹ million_)<br>|
|---|---|---|---|
|**Category of Borrowing**|**As on March 31, 2021**|**As on March 31, 2020**|**As on March 31, 2019**|
|Total current borrowings (A)|1,144.99|846.09|620.10|
|Secured term loan facilities (B)|2,497.48|2,190.19|956.98|
|Secured deferred payment liabilities (C)|20.13|31.54|113.96|
|**Total Borrowings (A+B+C)**|3,662.60|**3,067.82 **|**1,691.04 **|



The financing agreements governing such facilities include conditions and restrictive covenants that require us to obtain consents, no-objections or waivers from lenders prior to carrying out specified activities or entering into certain transactions, including among other things, prepaying existing debt, declaring dividends, creating pledge over shares of our Company, amending our constitutional documents, changing our capital structure, shareholding pattern or management and selling, transferring, leasing or disposing our encumbered assets. Additionally, under such financing agreements, we are also required to comply with certain financial covenants, such as maintaining prescribed financial ratios at all times. 

Undertaking any of the above without the consent of our lenders or non-compliance with any of the covenants of our financing agreements could trigger an event of default which will entitle the respective lenders to enforce remedies under the terms of the financing agreements, that include, among other things, acceleration in repayment of the amounts outstanding under the financing agreements, enforcement of any security interest created under the financing agreements and taking possession of the assets given as security in respect of the financing agreements. Further, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain approvals to undertake any of these activities as and when required or to comply with such covenants or other covenants in the future. A default by us under the terms of any financing agreement may also trigger a cross-default under some of our other financing agreements, or any other agreements or instruments of our containing cross-default provisions, which may individually or in aggregate, have an adverse effect on our operations, financial position and credit rating. If the lenders of a material amount of the outstanding loans declare an event of default simultaneously, we may be unable to pay its debts when they fall due. For details of our borrowings, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 359. 

# **_36. We have substantial capital expenditure and working capital requirements and may require additional capital and financing in the future and our operations could be curtailed if we are unable to obtain required additional capital and financing when needed._** 

Our business is capital intensive. In Fiscal Years 2019, 2020 and 2021, our capital expenditure (comprising of payments for acquisition of property, plant and equipment, intangibles and capital work in progress including capital advances) amounted to ₹1,163.88 million, ₹2,240.59 million and ₹2,189.37 million, respectively. The actual amount and timing of our future capital requirements may differ from estimates as a result of, among other factors, unforeseen events beyond our control such as the global lockdown due to the COVID-19 pandemic, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, economic conditions, engineering design changes, weather related delays, technological changes and additional market developments and new opportunities in the automotive components industry. 

In many cases, a significant amount of our working capital is required to finance the purchase of materials and the performance of designing, manufacturing and other work before payment is received from customers. Our working capital requirements may increase if the payment terms in our agreements include reduced advance payments or longer payment schedules. Continued increases in our working capital requirements may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We may need to raise additional capital from time to time, dependent on business requirements. While we do not anticipate seeking additional financing in the immediate future, any additional equity financing may result in dilution to the holders of the Equity Shares. Further, additional debt financing may impose affirmative and negative covenants that restrict our freedom to operate our business, including covenants that: 

47 

- limit our ability to pay dividends or require us to seek consent for the payment of dividends; 

- limit our flexibility in raising capital in the form of debt or equity; 

- require us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund capital expenditures, working capital and other general corporate purposes; 

- limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry; 

- limit us from formulating any scheme of amalgamation or reconstruction, merger or demerger; and 

- limit us from entering into borrowing arrangements with other banks or financial institutions. 

We cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain additional capital, including through financing on terms that are acceptable to us, or any financing at all, and the failure to obtain sufficient financing could adversely affect our business operations. 

# **_37. Our insurance may be insufficient to cover all losses associated with our business operations._** 

We maintain insurance coverage for anticipated risks which are standard for our type of business and operations. Our insurance policies currently cover breakdowns, failure or substandard performance of equipment, third party liability claims, labour disturbances, accidents, employee fraud and infrastructure failure, as well as fire, theft, burglary, earthquake, flood, acts of terrorism and other force majeure events. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have 100% or more insurance coverage of book value of all our fixed assets and inventories. Notwithstanding the insurance coverage that we carry, we may not be fully insured against certain types of risks. There are many events, other than the ones covered in the insurance policies specified above, that could significantly impact our operations, or expose us to third-party liabilities, for which we may not be adequately insured. There can be no assurance that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honored fully, in part, or on time. To the extent that we suffer any loss or damage that is not covered by insurance or exceeds our insurance coverage, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. For further risks relating to the impact on our business due to inadequacy of insurance coverage for product liability, see “ _Risk Factors – We are subject to strict quality requirements and any failure by us or our component suppliers to comply with quality standards may lead to cancellation of existing and future orders, product recalls, product liability, warranty claims, litigation and other disputes and claims_ ” above. 

# **_38. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to successfully manage, or accurately report, our financial risks._** 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to prepare reliable financial reports and effectively avoid fraud. Moreover, any internal controls that we may implement, or our level of compliance with such controls, may deteriorate over time, due to evolving business conditions. There can be no assurance that additional deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise in the future, or that we will be able to implement, and continue to maintain, adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls. 

**_39. Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus disclose information from industry reports which are paid reports and commissioned by us exclusively in connection with the Offer and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Offer is subject to inherent risks._** 

Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus include information based on, or derived from, the CRISIL Report and the Ricardo Report (together, the “ **Industry Reports** ”) or extracts of the Industry Reports. We commissioned the Industry Reports for the purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Offer. None of our Company (including our Directors), Singapore VII Topco III Pte. Ltd. (“ **Selling Shareholder** ”), the Book Running Lead Managers or any other person connected with the Offer, has verified the information in the Industry Reports and cannot provide any assurance regarding the information in this Red Herring Prospectus derived from, or based on, the Industry Reports. Further, these reports are prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. The Industry Reports may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. While industry sources take due care and caution while preparing their reports, they do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the data. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information. 

In view of the foregoing, you may not be able to seek legal recourse for any losses resulting from undertaking any investment in the Offer pursuant to reliance on the information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the Industry Reports. You should consult your own advisors and undertake an independent assessment of information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the Industry Reports before making any investment decision regarding the Offer. See “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 108. 

48 

# **_40. We have certain commercial relationships in the ordinary course of business with Ricardo UK Limited, an industry consulting firm, which has been commissioned by us to prepare the Ricardo Report referred to in this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus include information based on, or derived from the Ricardo Report which was commissioned by us. We also have commercial relationships with Ricardo on an arms’ length basis and in the ordinary course of our business. In Fiscal Years 2018, 2019 and 2020, Ricardo assisted us in the development of our 48V BSG hybrid motor to meet our customer’s requirements, including assisting us with review of software for our motor designs, providing gap analysis relating to software architecture, functionality, design standards, EMI/EMC capability and thermal management, implementation of base software in accordance with global standards and development of our BSG motor in compliance with our customer’s requirements of functional safety standards. In 2018, Ricardo also assisted us in conducting a market survey and analysis for the hybrid and electrical vehicles market. As a percentage of Ricardo’s total revenue, approximately 0.2% and 1.2% of Ricardo’s revenue (based on invoice amounts) was generated from business relationships with our Company for Ricardo’s financial year ended June 30, 2019 and June 30, 2020, respectively. These engagements we have entered into and any such future commercial relationships with Ricardo could potentially involve conflicts of interest. 

# **_41. We have contingent liabilities._** 

As of March 31, 2021, we had ₹101.35 million of contingent liabilities that had not been provided for. A summary table of our contingent liabilities as of March 31, 2021 as provided for in the Restated Consolidated Financial Information is set forth below: 

||**As of March 31, 2021**|
|---|---|
||**(₹ in millions)**|
|1) Claims against the Group not acknowledged as debts ......................................................||
|i) Service tax||
|Cases pending before Appellate Authorities in respect of which the Company has filed appeals /<br>show cause notices. (FY 2005-06 to 2007-08) .............................................................|0.47|
|ii)IncomeTax*||
|Cases pending before Appellate Authorities in respect of which the Company has filed appeal<br>(AY-2013-14)  .............................................................................................................|2.12|
|Cases pending before Appellate Authorities in respect of which the Company has filed appeal<br>(AY-2012-13)  .............................................................................................................|3.18|
|Cases pending before Appellate Authorities in respect of which the Company has filed appeal<br>(AY-2011-12) .............................................................................................................|4.21|
|Cases pending before ITAT in respect of which the Company has filed appeal (AY-2016-17)|2.00|
|Cases pending before CIT in respect of which the Company has filed appeal (AY-2017-18)**|70.78|
|Cases pending before CIT in respect of which the Company has filed appeal (AY-2018-19)***|3.73|
|iii) Central Excise Act, 1944 .............................................................................................||
|Case pending before Directorate General of Goods And Service Tax Intelligence in respect of<br>whichthe Grouphasfiled appeals/show causenotices. (FY 2014-15 toFY 2017-18)|14.85|



_* Amount paid under protest of ₹24.48 million._ 

_** Total disputed amount of the case is ₹79.40 million(including interest liability) out of which ₹8.63 million (including interest liability) has been provided as a provision and balance amount of ₹70.78 million (including interest liability) is being disclosed as a contingent liability._ 

- _*** One of the subsidiaries of the Group has received an assessment order on April 2, 2021 under section 143(3) for the Assessment Year 2018-19 by disallowing: (i) the deduction claimed under section 35(2AB) of Income Tax Act 1961 (the Act) amounting to ₹307.24 million whereas the amount of allowance in Form 3CL amounted to ₹266.23 million resulting in excess claim of ₹41.01 million. Of the excess claim of ₹ 41.01 million, the assessing officer has admitted an amount of ₹27.34 million as revenue expenditure under section 35(2AB) which the Company is otherwise eligible to claim under section 37 of the Act. Therefore, the net disallowance amounted to ₹13.67 million (ii) provision for warranty amounting to ₹9.00 million was disallowed on the grounds that the same is disallowed during the Assessment Years 2016-17 and 2017-18. Considering the above mentioned disallowances, the assessing officer has raised a demand of ₹3.73 million under section 156 of the Act. The Company intends to file an appeal with the Commissioner of Income Tax-Appeals. Based on professional advice, the Company strongly believes that the case will be decided in their favour and hence no provision has been considered._ 

For details, see “ _Financial Information_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Contingent Liabilities_ ” on pages 239 and 394 for more information. Any or all of these contingent liabilities may become actual liabilities. In the event that any of our contingent liabilities become non-contingent, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will not incur similar or increased levels of contingent liabilities in the current fiscal year or in the future. 

# **_42. We have issued Equity Shares during the last one year at a price that may be below the Offer Price._** 

During the last year we have issued the following Equity Shares at a price that may be lower than the Offer Price: 

49 

|**Date of**<br>**Allotment**|**Number of**<br>**Equity Shares**<br>**Allotted**|**Face**<br>**Value**<br>**(₹)**|**Issue price per**<br>**Equity Share (₹)**|**Names of allottees**|**Nature of**<br>**consideration**|**Reason for**<br>**allotment**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|January 27,|594,436<sup>*</sup>|10|384.83|Singapore VII Topco III|Cash<sup>*</sup>|Conversion of|
|2021||||Pte. Ltd.||Preference Shares|



_* Consideration for such Equity Shares was paid at the time of issuance of Preference Shares._ 

The price at which Equity Shares have been issued by our Company in the immediately preceding year is not indicative of the price at which they will be issued or traded. For further information refer to the section “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 77. Further, we cannot assure you that the Equity Shares issued in the future will be at or lower than the Offer Price. 

# **_43. Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds of the Offer have not been appraised by a bank or a financial institution and if there are any delays or cost overruns, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

We intend to use the Net Proceeds of the Fresh Issue for the purposes described in “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 89. The objects of the Fresh Issue have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. Whilst a monitoring agency will be appointed for monitoring utilization of the Net Proceeds, the proposed utilization of Net Proceeds is based on current conditions, internal management estimates, contracts and are subject to changes in external circumstances or costs, or in other financial condition, business or strategy, as discussed further below. Based on the competitive nature of our industry, we may have to revise our business plan and/ or management estimates from time to time and consequently our funding requirements may also change. Our internal management estimates may exceed fair market value or the value that would have been determined by third party appraisals, which may require us to reschedule or reallocate our project and capital expenditure and may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our Company, in accordance with the policies established by the Board from time to time, will have flexibility to deploy the Net Proceeds. Further, pending utilization of Net Proceeds towards the Objects of the Offer, our Company will have the flexibility to deploy the Net Proceeds and to deposit the Net Proceeds them temporarily in deposits with one or more scheduled commercial banks included in Second Schedule of Reserve Bank of India Act, 1939, as may be approved by our Board or IPO Committee. Accordingly, prospective investors in the Offer will need to rely upon our management’s judgment with respect to the use of Net Proceeds. 

# **_44. While our Company will receive proceeds from the Fresh Issue, it will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale._** 

In addition to the Fresh Issue from which our Company will receive proceeds, the Offer includes an Offer for Sale by Singapore VII Topco III Pte. Ltd. (“ **Selling Shareholder** ”). The Selling Shareholder will receive the entire proceeds from the Offer for Sale (after deducting applicable Offer Expenses) and our Company will not receive any part of such proceeds. For further details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 89. 

# **_45. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future._** 

We have entered into certain transactions with related parties, including with respect to the payment of remuneration of certain of our Directors and our Key Managerial Personnel, reimbursement of expenses to our Promoters, receipt and repayment of loans obtained from our Promoters and purchase and sale of goods from other related parties. While we believe that, except for the relinquishment of our put option right in relation to shares of Sona Holding BV for a value of ₹19 million as set forth in Note 52 in our Restated Consolidated Financial Information, all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis and on commercially reasonable terms, there can be no assurance that we could not have achieved more favorable terms had such transactions not been entered into with related parties. Further, it is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. While in terms of the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations, certain related party transactions require Audit Committee and shareholders’ approval, there can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations or that we could not have achieved more favorable terms if such transactions had not been entered into with related parties. Additionally, any future transactions with our related parties could potentially involve conflicts of interest. For details of the related party transactions and as reported in the Restated Consolidated Financial Information, see “ _Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note 40_ ” on page 293. 

# **_46. Information relating to our installed capacities and the historical capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity utilization may vary._** 

Information relating to our installed capacities and the historical capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on various assumptions and estimates of our management, including proposed operations, assumptions relating to availability and quality of raw materials and assumptions relating to potential utilization levels and 

50 

operational efficiencies. Actual utilization rates may differ significantly from the estimated installed capacities or historical estimated capacity utilization information of our facilities. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on our installed capacity or historical estimated capacity utilization information for our existing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_47. Certain of our immovable properties, where some of our manufacturing units are located, are leased. If we are unable to renew existing leases or relocate our operations on commercially reasonable terms, there may be an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operations._** 

Some of our business operations are being conducted on premises leased from third parties. The tenure of the leases is generally agreed in the relevant lease agreements and in some cases are subject to renewal after the agreed period of time. The term of lease agreements for our manufacturing and assembly facilities ranges from 144 months to 1,140 months with restricted right to terminate the leases available with the lessors in majority of leases, subject to lock-in period and option of renewals in terms of the lease agreements available to the Company. While there are currently no instances of non-compliance of the terms of our lease agreements, there can be no assurance that there will be no such non-compliance leading to termination of such leases in the future. Any change in the terms and conditions of the lease agreements and any premature termination of such lease agreements may have an adverse impact on our operations. For details on location of properties, see “ _Our Business – Our operations – Manufacturing locations”_ on page 183. 

Any adverse impact on the title, ownership rights, development rights of the owners from whose premises we operate, breach of the contractual terms of any lease, leave and license agreements, or any inability to renew such agreements on acceptable terms may also affect our operations. In addition, the terms of certain of our leases require us to obtain the lessor’s prior consent for certain actions, including making structural alterations to the leased premises, which may be required if we were to undertake an expansion in the future. There can be no assurance that we will be able to renew these leasing arrangements at commercially favorable terms, or at all. If we are unable to renew all or any of our leasing arrangements, it may cause disruptions in our business and we may incur substantial costs associated with shifting to new premises, all of which may adversely affect our business operations. 

# **_48. We are entitled to certain tax benefits in respect of certain of our manufacturing facilities and in-house Research and Development centers. These tax benefits are available for a definite period of time, which, on expiry or if withdrawn prematurely, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

We are entitled to certain benefits in respect of our manufacturing facilities in Chennai and Mexico. All components and capital goods imported for our manufacturing unit in Chennai are exempt from payment of GST and customs duty as our Chennai manufacturing unit enjoys the status of a 100% export oriented unit (“ **EOU** ”). If our Chennai unit loses the EOU status either by way of a change in law or the business model (with domestic sales exceeding exports by more than 50%), we will be required to pay customs duty and GST upfront relating to the import of our components and capital goods for our unit in Chennai. We may be able to claim refund on the GST paid upfront against purchase of raw materials and components as input tax credit and the refund on customs duty as ‘duty drawback’ only after exports. This will result in additional cash outflows which could impact our cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Our unit in Mexico is also entitled to certain tax benefits such as duty exemption for import of goods, as it is set up as a ‘Maquiladora’ unit. If such tax benefits are withdrawn, our unit in Mexico will be subject to additional tax payments on the import of components. 

For further details, please see “ _Statement of Special Tax Benefits_ ” on page 98. 

Our profitability will be affected to the extent that such benefits will not be available beyond the periods currently contemplated. Our profitability may be further affected in the future if any of such benefits are reduced or withdrawn prematurely or if we are subject to any dispute with the tax authorities in relation to these benefits or in the event we are unable to comply with the requisite conditions in order to avail ourselves of each of these benefits. In the event that any adverse development in the law or the manner of its implementation affects our ability to benefit from these tax incentives, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected. 

# **_49. Discontinuance or non-availability of fiscal benefits enjoyed by us or our inability to comply with related requirements may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

Our Company currently enjoys certain fiscal benefits on account of policies of the GoI, including concessions under the Export Promotion Capital Goods Scheme (the “ **EPCG Scheme** ”) of the GoI. The EPCG scheme allows import at zero custom duty and requires the importer to export equivalent to six times of duty saved on capital goods. Such equivalent amount is required to be fulfilled within six years from the date of issue of authorization. A 50% export obligation is required to be fulfilled within the first four years with the remaining 50% within the next two years. Non-fulfilment of such obligations may result in confiscation of capital goods imported under this scheme and other penalties as set out in this scheme. As of March 31, 2021, our export obligation under EPCG scheme was ₹2,903.78 million. In the event of any default under the EPCG Scheme, our results of operations may be adversely affected. As we seek to export a larger proportion of our systems and components outside India, any changes in the policies of the GoI could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

51 

Prior to January 1, 2021, we were also eligible to avail the incentives under the Merchandise Exports from India Scheme (“ **MEIS** ”), pursuant to which, we could use duty credit scrips for payment of import duty obligations or sell such duty credit scrips in the open market to other importers. In the case of our export products, with our current product mix, the average rate of MEIS was approximately 2.3% to 2.6% of free on board (“ **FOB** ”) value of exports. However, the Ministry of Finance, GoI has discontinued MEIS with effect from January 1, 2021 and announced a scheme for remission of duties and taxes on export products (“ **RODTEP Scheme** ”) for exporters. The GoI has also announced the Production Linked Incentive Scheme (“ **PLI Scheme** ”) for various industries, including the automotive industry. Although the RODTEP Scheme and the PLI Scheme are effective from January 1, 2021, the details of benefits available under these schemes are yet to be issued by the GoI. Since MEIS is already discontinued and specific details of the new schemes are not available, it is difficult to ascertain whether the discontinuation of the MEIS will have a positive or negative impact on our business. 

# **_50. Our Company has unutilized amount from the Corporate Social Responsibility activities_** 

For Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021, our Company had earmarked ₹16.54 million, ₹22.99 million and ₹25.44 million, respectively, on a standalone basis, for corporate social responsibility (“ **CSR** ”) activities to be undertaken by our Company, of which, our Company has utilized ₹16.10 million, ₹11.79 million and ₹25.91 million, on standalone basis (including an amount of ₹5 million transferred to the CSR Unspent Account of our Company for an ongoing project) for various CSR initiatives for Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively. Although we have increased our focus on utilizing funds earmarked for CSR activities, we cannot assure you that we will be able to spend the amounts earmarked for CSR initiatives in the future. 

# **External Risks** 

# **_51. Changing regulations in India could lead to new compliance requirements that are uncertain._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and is subject to change. The government of India (“ **GoI** ”) may implement new laws or other regulations and policies that could affect the automobile or manufacturing industry, which could lead to new compliance requirements, including requiring us to obtain approvals and licenses from the GoI and other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements. New compliance requirements could increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, the manner in which new requirements will be enforced or interpreted can lead to uncertainty in our operations and could adversely affect our operations. Any changes to such laws, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects: 

For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019, a tax legislation issued by India’s Ministry of Finance effective as of September 20, 2019, prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this legislation, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favour of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which reduces the rate of income tax payable to 22% subject to compliance with conditions prescribed, from the erstwhile 25% or 30% depending upon the total turnover or gross receipt in the relevant period. Any such future amendments may affect our other benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

The Finance Act, 2020 (“ **Finance Act** ”), has, amongst others things, provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime and that dividend distribution tax (“ **DDT** ”), will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident and likely be subject to tax deduction at source. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. 

Further, the Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2022, pursuant to which the Finance Bill, 2021 (“ **Finance Bill** ”), has introduced various amendments. The Finance Bill has received assent from the President of India on March 28, 2021, and has been enacted as the Finance Act, 2021. We have not fully determined the impact of these recent and proposed laws and regulations on our business. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. Further, if we are affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of such laws and regulations or any related proceedings, or are required to bear any costs in order to comply with such provisions or to defend such proceedings, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected. 

**_52. A downgrade in credit ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

52 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating decreased from Baa2 with a “negative” outlook to Baa3 with a “negative” outlook by Moody’s and from BBB with a “stable” outlook to BBB with a “negative” outlook (Fitch) in June 2020; and from BBB “stable” to BBB “negative” by DBRS in May 2020. India’s sovereign ratings from S&P is BBB- with a “stable” outlook in May 2021. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for reasons beyond our control such as, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_53. Political changes, natural disasters and other macroeconomic factors could adversely affect economic conditions in India_** 

Our Company is incorporated in India and the majority of its assets are located in India. Consequently, our performance and the market price of the Equity Shares may be affected by interest rates, government policies, taxation, social and ethnic instability and other political and economic developments affecting India. 

Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations, may include: 

- the macroeconomic climate, including any increase in Indian interest rates or inflation; 

- any exchange rate fluctuations, the imposition of currency controls and restrictions on the right to convert or repatriate currency or export assets; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse effect on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing for our expansions; 

- prevailing income conditions among Indian consumers and Indian corporations; 

- epidemic, pandemic or any other public health in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighboring countries, such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19 pandemic; 

- volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; 

- political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighboring countries; 

- occurrence of natural or man-made disasters (such as typhoons, flooding, earthquakes and fires) which may cause us to suspend our operations; 

- prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; 

- other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India or its consumption sector; 

- international business practices that may conflict with other customs or legal requirements to which we are subject, including anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws; 

- protectionist and other adverse public policies, including local content requirements, import/export tariffs, increased regulations or capital investment requirements; 

- logistical and communications challenges; 

- downgrading of India’s sovereign debt rating by rating agencies; 

- difficulty in developing any necessary partnerships with local businesses on commercially acceptable terms or on a timely basis; and 

- being subject to the jurisdiction of foreign courts, including uncertainty of judicial processes and difficulty enforcing contractual agreements or judgments in foreign legal systems or incurring additional costs to do so. 

53 

Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_54. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe, China and certain emerging economies in Asia. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on India. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (“ **Brexit** ”), the United Kingdom ratified a trade and cooperation agreement governing its future relationship with the European Union, which is being applied provisionally from January 1, 2021 until it is ratified by the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union. Significant political, regulatory and economic uncertainty remains about how the precise terms of the relationship between the parties will differ from the terms before withdrawal, and more generally, as to the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European economies and any consequential impact on global financial markets. For example, Brexit could give rise to increased volatility in foreign exchange rate movements and the value of equity and debt investments. In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. Risks resulting from a relapse in the Eurozone crisis or any future debt crisis in Europe or any similar crisis could have a detrimental impact on consumer confidence levels and global economic recovery. The sovereign rating downgrades for Brazil and Russia (and the imposition of sanctions on Russia) have also added to the growth risks for these markets. These factors may also result in a slowdown in India’s export growth. 

These developments, or the perception that any related developments could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_55. If inflation rises in India, increased costs may result in a decline in profits._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increasing inflation in India could cause a rise in the costs of rent, wages, raw materials and other expenses. High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. If we are unable to increase our revenues sufficiently to offset our increased costs due to inflation, it could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, the GoI has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **_56. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in India, International Financial Reporting Standards and U.S. GAAP, which may be material to investors’ assessments of our financial condition, result of operations and cash flows._** 

Our Restated Consolidated Financial Information for Fiscal Years 2019, 2020 and 2021 included in this Red Herring Prospectus are presented in conformity with Ind AS, in each case restated in accordance with the requirements of Section 26 of part I of the Companies Act, 2013, the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on “ _Reports in Company Prospectus (Revised 2019)_ ” issued by the ICAI. Ind AS differs from accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar, such as Indian GAAP, IFRS and U.S. GAAP. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS and Indian GAAP. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS and Indian GAAP financial statements, which are restated as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

**_57. Our business and activities may be regulated by the Competition Act, 2002 and any breach thereof may invite sanctions._** 

54 

The Competition Act prohibits any anti competition agreement or arrangement, understanding or action in concert between enterprises, whether formal or informal, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. 

The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. The combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to, and pre-approved by, the Competition Commission of India, or CCI. Any breach of the provisions of Competition Act, may attract substantial monetary penalties. 

The Competition Act aims to, among other things, prohibit all agreements and transactions, which may have an appreciable adverse effect in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside of India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect in India. We are not currently party to any outstanding proceedings, nor have we ever received any notice in relation to non-compliance with the Competition Act. Any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI in future, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_58. Our ability to raise foreign capital may be constrained by Indian law._** 

As an Indian company, we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources and could constrain our ability to obtain financings on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, we cannot assure you that any required regulatory approvals for borrowing in foreign currencies will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. Limitations on foreign debt may have an adverse effect on our business growth, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_59. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations which are currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified under applicable law. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and does not fall under any of the exceptions, then prior approval of the relevant regulatory authority is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. Further, this conversion is subject to the shares having been held on a repatriation basis and, either the security having been sold in compliance with the pricing guidelines or, the relevant regulatory approval having been obtained for the sale of shares and corresponding remittance of the sale proceeds. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained with or without any particular terms or conditions. 

For further information, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 444. Our ability to raise any foreign capital under the FDI route is therefore constrained by Indian law, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects. 

# **Risks Related to the Offer** 

# **_60. We cannot assure payment of dividends on the Equity Shares in the future._** 

While our declaration of dividends is at the discretion of our Board and subject to Shareholder approval as set out in the section titled “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 238, the amount of future dividend payments by our Company, if any, will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditures, applicable Indian legal restrictions and other factors. Our Company may decide to retain all of its earnings to finance the development and expansion of its business and therefore, we may not declare dividends on the Equity Shares. Additionally, we may, in the future, be restricted by the terms of our loan agreements to make any dividend payments unless otherwise agreed with our lenders. 

# **_61. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the Offer Price may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to 

55 

the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. Consequently, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all. 

There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and our Equity Share price could fluctuate significantly because of market volatility. A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause investors to lose some or all of their investment. 

# **_62. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of income arising on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws and regulations, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of equity shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold using any other platform other than on a recognized stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, are subject to long-term capital gains tax in India. Until March 31, 2018, any gain realized on the sale of equity shares, listed on a stock exchange and held for more than 12 months was not subject to capital gains tax in India if STT was paid on the transaction. However, with the enactment of the Finance Act, 2018 the exemption previously granted in respect of payment of long-term capital gains tax has been withdrawn and such taxes are now payable by the investors with effect from April 1, 2018. The Finance Act, 2018 provides that existing investors are eligible for relief on such capital gains accrued until January 31, 2018 and any long-term capital gains made after January 31, 2018 shall be subject to taxation. 

The Finance Act, 2019 amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020 clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our Company’s business and operations. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short-term capital gains tax in India. In cases where the seller is a non-resident, capital gains arising from the sale of the equity shares will be partially or wholly exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. 

Historically, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the equity shares. 

Further, we cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_63. Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately five Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

# **_64. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after Bid/Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at 

56 

any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed including Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

# **_65. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will be listed on the BSE and NSE in a timely manner or at all._** 

In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing and trading of our Equity Shares will not be granted until after certain actions have been completed in relation to this Offer and until Allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to this Offer. 

In accordance with current regulations and circulars issued by SEBI, our Equity Shares are required to be listed on the BSE and NSE within such time as mandated under UPI Circulars, subject to any change in the prescribed timeline in this regard. However, we cannot assure you that the trading in our Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining final listing and trading approvals may restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. 

# **_66. Investors may have difficulty in enforcing foreign judgments against our Company or our management._** 

Our Company is a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of India. The majority of our directors and executive officers are residents of India. A substantial portion of our Company’s assets and the assets of our Directors and executive officers resident in India are located in India. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process upon us or such persons outside India or to enforce judgments obtained against our Company or such parties outside India. 

India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions, which includes, the United Kingdom, Singapore, UAE, and Hong Kong. A judgment from certain specified courts located in a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Civil Code. The United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in a non-reciprocating territory, such as the United States, for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general securities laws of the United States, would not be enforceable in India under the Civil Code as a decree of an Indian court. 

The United Kingdom, Singapore, UAE, and Hong Kong have been declared by the Government of India to be reciprocating territories for purposes of Section 44A of the Civil Code. A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit on the judgment under Section 13 of the Civil Code, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the Civil Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated on except (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case, (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable, (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice, (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the Civil Code, a court in India shall, on the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. The Civil Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. 

However, the party in whose favor such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States or other such jurisdiction within three years of obtaining such final judgment. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Moreover, it is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages to the extent awarded in a final judgment rendered outside India if it believes that the amount of damages awarded were excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered. 

**_67. Holders of Equity Shares could be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and could thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

57 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India is required to offer holders of its Equity Shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of Equity Shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the Equity Shares who have voted on such resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without us filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. We may elect not to file a registration statement in relation to pre-emptive rights otherwise available by Indian law to you. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares, you may suffer future dilution of your ownership position and your proportional interests in us would be reduced. 

# **_68. Any future issuance of Equity Shares or convertible securities or other equity linked securities by our Company may dilute your shareholding and sales of the Equity Shares by our major shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future issuance of the Equity Shares or securities linked to the Equity Shares by our Company, including issuance of Equity Shares to employees or former employees upon exercise of vested options held by them under ESOP 2020, may dilute your shareholding. Any such future issuance of the Equity Shares or future sales of the Equity Shares by any of our significant shareholders may also adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and impact our ability to raise funds through an offering of our securities. Any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. Additionally, the disposal, pledge or encumbrance of the Equity Shares by any of our significant shareholders, or the perception that such transactions may occur, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that our existing Shareholders including our Promoters will not dispose of further Equity Shares after the completion of the Offer (subject to compliance with the lock-in provisions under the SEBI ICDR Regulations) or pledge or encumber their Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of shareholder’s investment in the Equity Shares and adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Such securities may also be issued at prices below the Offer Price. We may also issue convertible debt securities to finance our future growth or fund our business activities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. 

# **_69. A third party could be prevented from acquiring control of our Company because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

There are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company, even if a change in control would result in the purchase of your Equity Shares at a premium to the market price or would otherwise be beneficial to you. Such provisions may discourage or prevent certain types of transactions involving actual or threatened change in control of our Company. Under the SEBI Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to its stakeholders, it is possible that such a takeover would not be attempted or consummated because of the SEBI Takeover Regulations. 

# **_70. Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and widespread as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

58 

