# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all of the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks and uncertainties described in this section are not the only risks that we currently face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any or a combination of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected, the price of the Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment._ 

_In making an investment decision, as prospective investors, you must rely on your own examination of us and the terms of the Offer, including the merits and the risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial, legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. To obtain a complete understanding of our business, you should read this section in conjunction with the sections titled “Industry Overview”, “Our Business”, “Financial Information” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” beginning on pages 98, 115, 191 and 398, respectively, of this Red Herring Prospectus, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including the considerations described in this section and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. See “Forward Looking Statements” on page 20 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information used in this section is derived from the Restated Consolidated Summary Financial Information or the Carved Out Combined Financial Statements, as the case may be._ 

_We describe in this Red Herring Prospectus the businesses that have been contributed to us by Sterling & Wilson Private Limited (“_ **_SWPL_** _”), as part of our demerger from SWPL (the “_ **_Demerger_** _”), as if they were our businesses for all historical periods described. The Demerger was conducted pursuant to the Scheme of Arrangement that was effective from April 1, 2017 (the “_ **_Appointed Date_** _”). Accordingly, the operational and financial information for Fiscal 2017 included in this section, are prior to the Appointed Date of the Demerger and may not be reflective of our performance as a standalone company._ 

_As used in this Red Herring Prospectus, the terms “we”, “us” or “our” may, depending on the context, refer to the Solar EPC Division of SWPL prior to the Demerger or to Sterling and Wilson Solar Limited and its Subsidiaries after giving effect to the Demerger._ 

_Our financial year ends on March 31 of each year. Accordingly, references to Fiscals 2017 and 2019 are for the 12-month period ended March 31 of that year. References to Fiscal 2018 mean the period from March 9, 2017 to March 31, 2018, reflecting the incorporation of our Company as a separate company on March 9, 2017. We did not recognize revenue from operations or incur any expenses in our Company from March 9, 2017 to March 31, 2017; therefore, there is no impact to our Restated Consolidated Summary Statement of Profit and Loss for Fiscal 2018 from this additional 22-day period._ 

# **Internal Risk Factors** 

**_1. If solar photovoltaic (“PV”) and related technologies are regarded as unsuitable for widespread adoption, or if demand for solar power does not develop or takes longer to develop than we anticipate, our revenues may decline and we may be unable to sustain our profitability._** 

The solar power market is still developing and the extent of acceptance of solar power as a form of energy generation remains uncertain. In many of the geographies in which we operate, the solar power market is at an early stage or nascent stage of development and we cannot assure that a sustainable market for solar power will emerge in those countries. Historical and current market data on the solar power industry are not as readily available as those for more established industries where trends can be assessed more reliably from data gathered over a longer period of time. 

In addition, according to CRISIL Research, demand for solar power has not developed as fast as many market players have anticipated although the solar industry continues to experience increasingly lower costs, 

28 

improved efficiency and higher electricity output. Many factors may affect the viability of widespread adoption of solar power technology and demand for solar power and the need for and viability of solar power projects, including but not limited to: 

- cost-effectiveness, performance and reliability of solar power compared to traditional energy sources and other renewable energy sources and the availability of grid capacity to dispatch power generated from solar power projects; 

- success of other alternative energy generation technologies such as wind power, hydroelectric power and biomass power; 

- public perceptions of the direct and indirect benefits of adopting renewable energy technology; 

- the availability of suitable storage solutions for solar energy to ensure continuity of energy supply; 

- price volatility of solar power equipment such as modules, inverters, trackers and transformers; 

- fluctuations in economic and market conditions that may affect the viability of traditional and other alternative renewable energy sources such as increases or decreases in the prices of oil and other fossil fuels; 

- decreases in capital expenditures by end-users of solar power projects; 

- the cost of capital and availability of credit, loans and other forms of financing for solar power projects; 

- the availability of government subsidies and incentives to support the development of the solar power industry, such as capital cost rebates, feed-in tariffs, tax credits, net metering and other incentives to end users; and 

- regulations and policies governing the solar power or electric utility industries that may present technical, regulatory or economic barriers to the establishment of solar power projects and the purchase and use of solar energy. 

If solar PV technology is regarded as unsuitable for widespread adoption or the demand for solar power or solar power projects fails to develop or takes longer to develop than we anticipate, our revenues may decline and we may be unable to sustain our profitability. 

**_2. We may work on projects for a limited number of customers in a financial period. The loss of a key customer in a financial period could significantly reduce our revenue and could have a material adverse effect on our business, future prospects, results of operations and financial condition_ .** 

The following table provides the percentage of our revenue from operations contributed by our top two customers and top five customers for the periods indicated: 

||**F**<br>|**or the year ended Marc**<br><sup>*****</sup>|**h 31,**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|
||**2017**|**2018**|**2019**|
|**Particulars**|**SWPL – Solar**<br>**EPC Division**<br>**(Prior to**<br>**Demerger)**|**Sterling and Wilson**<br>**Dem**|**Solar Limited (post**<br>**erger)**|
||(**_%_**<br>|**_of revenue from operat_**<br>|**_ions_**)<br>|
|Top two customers in terms of revenue generated|49.42%|57.28%|36.86%|
|Top five customers in terms of revenue generated|62.70%|76.44%|53.68%|



____________ 

_*For the period from March 9, 2017 to March 31, 2018._ 

We neither assure you that we will be able to maintain the historic levels of business from our key customers or that we will be able to replace these key customers should we lose any or all of them. Since we are dependent on our key customers for a significant portion of our operations, the loss of any one of our key customers or a significant reduction in demand from such key customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, future prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_3. Several of our key raw materials and components are sourced from a single or a limited group of local or global third-party suppliers giving rise to supplier concentration risks. Any restrictions in supply or defects in quality could cause delays in project construction or implementation and impair our ability to provide_** 

29 

**_our services to customers at a price that is profitable to us which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations_ .** 

Our failure to obtain raw materials and components that meet our quality, quantity and cost requirements in a timely manner could interrupt or impair our ability to provide our services or increase our operating costs. We depend on a limited number of suppliers for our key raw materials. For example, In Fiscals 2017, 2018 and 2019 our top 10 suppliers constituted 73.32%, 67.66% and 45.46% of the aggregate costs of construction materials, stores and spare parts, purchase of traded goods, changes in inventories of stock-in-trade, respectively. As a result, any failure of any of our suppliers to perform could disrupt our global supply chain and materially and adversely affect our operations. For example, we depend on a single supplier for PV cells that are critical for PV modules and any failure to receive the PV cells on time could materially and adversely affect our operations. 

In addition, we engage with local and global suppliers for raw materials for our projects and any adverse regulations for engaging local suppliers; import and export restrictions; transportation and related infrastructure failures; or deterioration in diplomatic relationships and bilateral trade disputes could increase supply costs which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. For instance, anti-dumping and countervailing or anti-subsidy duties imposed on solar PV cells imported from certain countries, such as China, may restrict our choice of suppliers, which may result in increased supply costs for our projects, materially and adversely affecting our profitability, financial condition and results of our operations. 

Further, some of our suppliers are small companies that may be unable to supply our increasing demand for raw materials and components as we expand our business. We may be unable to identify suppliers in new markets or qualify their products for use in our business in a timely manner and on commercially reasonable terms. We may also be subject to adverse local regulations for appointing suppliers. Any constraints on our suppliers may result in an inability for us to meet our development plans and our obligations under our customer contracts, which may have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, reductions in our order volume may put pressure on suppliers and could result in increased material and component costs, materially and adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_4. Our global business operations are subject to global and local risks related to economic, regulatory and, social and political uncertainties, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Currently, we have a presence across 26 countries. We use our subsidiaries and branch offices (which include SWPL’s branch offices) globally for our operations. Our business is therefore subject to diverse and constantly changing economic, regulatory and social and political conditions in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Operating in the international markets exposes us to a number of risks globally including, without limitation: 

- compliance with local business, environmental, safety, health and other labour laws and regulations, which can be onerous and costly as the magnitude and complexity of, and continual amendments to, those laws and regulations are difficult to predict and the liabilities, costs, obligations and requirements associated with these laws and regulations can be substantial; 

- dependence on governments, utility companies and other entities for electricity, water, telecommunications, transportation and other utilities or infrastructure needs; 

- difficulties with local operating and market conditions, particularly regarding customs, taxation and labour; 

- difficulties in organizing a skilled workforce for efficient execution of solar power plants including processing visas or entry permits quickly and repeatedly for our personnel; 

- economic and financial conditions, including the stability of credit markets, foreign currency fluctuations and controls, particularly the ability to repatriate funds to India and other countries; 

- changes in solar industry practices or trends, for example, with the reduction of solar module costs, there is a noticeable shift towards balance of system solutions, in India and outside India; 

- changes in government regulations, policies, tax, subsidies and incentives, including transfer pricing rules; and 

30 

- political risks, risks of expropriation and nationalization of assets, potential losses due to civil unrest, acts of terrorism and war, regional and global political or military tensions, strained or altered foreign relations and protectionism. 

To the extent that our operations are affected by unexpected and adverse economic, regulatory and, social and political conditions in the countries in which we operate, we may experience operational disruptions, loss of assets and personnel and other indirect losses that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_5. We operate in a competitive industry and as such we may not be successful in bidding for and winning bids for solar power projects to grow our business globally, which may have a material adverse effect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

Our business depends on our ability to continually win bids for solar power projects and our current business strategy focuses on increasing the number of solar power projects to which we provide EPC services and expanding our operations into new geographies. We bid for solar power projects and compete with other EPC solutions providers based on, among other things, pricing, technical and design and engineering expertise, financing capabilities, past experience, amount and type of guarantees given and track-record. The bidding and selection process is also affected by a number of factors, including factors which may be beyond our control, such as market conditions or government incentive programs. Our market position therefore depends on our financing, development and operation capabilities, reputation, experience and track-record. We believe our primary competitors are traditional global and local EPC solutions providers and solar power companies that have their own in-house operations and maintenance (“ **O&M** ”) operations. Our competitors may have greater financial resources, a more effective or established local business presence with specific regional advantages or a greater willingness or ability to operate with little or no operating margins for sustained periods of time. Some of our competitors may have advantages over us in terms of greater operational, technical, management or other resources in particular markets or in general, better track records, stronger lender relations, as well as know-how of regulatory and political challenges in the geographies in which we operate or into which we intend to expand our operations. Our competitors may also have more experience than us in this business and a longer track record of operations. Further, as we have only been operating as a separate, independent company for two years, we may not meet the bid requirements of track-record or technical and financial specifications on our own. For example, in Vietnam, we faced difficulties in satisfying bid requirements because we were not able to demonstrate the required period of prior EPC experience. Such requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and give a competitive advantage to other market players. Any increase in competition during the bidding process or reduction in our competitive capabilities could have a material adverse effect on our market share and on the margins we generate from our solar power project portfolio. 

In addition, our competitors may choose to enter into strategic alliances or form affiliates with other competitors to our detriment. Suppliers or subcontractors may merge with our competitors which may limit the choice of subcontractors we have available to us which may limit the flexibility of our overall service capabilities. There can be no assurance that our current or potential competitors will not offer the services we provide comparable or superior to those that we offer at the same or lower prices; adapt more quickly to industry challenges; or expand their operations at a faster pace than we do. Increased competition may result in price reductions, reduced profit margins and loss of market share, thereby causing a material adverse effect on our operations, prospects and financial condition. 

**_6. We may be unable to accurately estimate costs under fixed-price EPC contracts, fail to maintain the quality and performance guarantees under our EPC contracts and we may experience delays in completing the construction of solar power projects, which may increase our construction costs and working capital requirements, and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flow and results of operations._** 

We enter into fixed-price EPC contracts with most of our customers. We estimate essential costs, such as the cost of construction materials and direct project costs, at the time we enter into an EPC contract for a particular project and these are reflected in the overall fixed-price that we charge our customers for the solar power project. However, these cost estimates are preliminary, and at the time we submit bids for a project or enter into EPC contracts, we may not have finalized these costs in our related contracts with subcontractors, suppliers and other parties involved in the solar power project. Our EPC contracts may include provisions allowing for changes by our customers to the scope of work. Such provisions generally allow us to reprice the EPC contract and charge our customer for any additional work. Other than through such changes, we 

31 

generally cannot reprice or renegotiate an EPC contract once it has been entered into with our customer. As a result, any failure to accurately estimate costs could result in our actual costs exceeding our estimated costs, thereby causing an increase in our construction costs and working capital requirements, and as a result, we may incur losses. 

Under our EPC contracts we also typically provide certain performance guarantees that require us to complete the solar power project in accordance with a specified timeline and to be responsible for the solar power project maintaining a specified plant performance ratio for a specified time period, typically for up to two years after commissioning of the solar power project. Any failure to maintain these performance guarantees may subject us to penalties under our EPC contracts, such as requiring us to perform remediation work to meet the guarantees, pay liquidated damages or allowing the counterparty to terminate the EPC contract. As a result, we may face losses under a particular project, may not be able to achieve our expected margins and may record an overall loss in the relevant financial period. As at March 31, 2019, we had a provision for liquidated damages of ` 460.39 million for time/cost overruns at our projects, which are based solely on management estimates. However, we cannot assure that any actual liquidated damages that we are required to pay as a result of such delays would not exceed the amount of such provision. Additionally, with respect to our solar power project in Abu Dhabi, we received notices for liquidated damages for not meeting performance ratios, aggregating to ` 59.32 million between May 4, 2019 and July 9, 2019 primarily due to the faulty performance of certain equipment supplied by one of our suppliers. While we believe we have recourse for an amount in excess of these losses in the form of contractual performance guarantees from the supplier, in the event we are unsuccessful in recovering these losses under the performance guarantees from the supplier it could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We may also fail to complete our solar power projects by the specified timeline due to construction delays as a result of various factors, including unanticipated changes in engineering design; increase in the cost of equipment, materials or manpower; shortages of skilled labour; supply shortages or delays in the delivery of equipment and materials to the project site; unforeseen conditions or occurrences, including the inability of the customer to obtain the requisite environmental and other approvals, resulting in delays and increased costs; adverse local weather conditions; suppliers’ or subcontractors’ failure to perform; disputes, delay or failure in obtaining required cash inflow and financial assistance from our customers; or delays caused by us or due to factors outside our control. For example, the execution of a project in Argentina was delayed due to high velocity winds. We also experienced delay in the execution of a project in Namibia due to a transporters’ strike that disrupted operations. We also faced delays in completing the construction of a solar power project in Morocco for various reasons, including extreme weather conditions and certain topographical challenges. Another project in Zambia was delayed due to difficult topographical conditions, such as sinkholes and limestone. Delays in project completion may subject us to penalties under our EPC contracts and harm our reputation with our customers and other stakeholders. Furthermore, delays on our part, beyond a specified period stipulated in the contract, may require us to purchase the solar power project from the developer, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 

**_7. We as well as our Promoters may be involved in certain legal proceedings, which may materially and adversely affect our business financial condition and results of operations._** 

We may be involved in disputes with various parties, including local governments, suppliers, customers and subcontractors. These disputes may lead to legal or other proceedings and may result in substantial costs, delays in our development and operation schedule, and the diversion of resources and management’s attention, regardless of the outcome. We may also have disagreements with regulatory authorities in the course of our operations, which may subject us to administrative proceedings and unfavourable decisions that result in penalties or delay or disrupt the development and operations of our facilities. 

We as well as our Promoters are involved in certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, which are pending at various levels of adjudication in different fora across various jurisdictions. 

According to the Materiality Policy, any outstanding litigation proceedings, other than criminal proceedings, statutory or regulatory actions and taxation matters, is considered material if the monetary amount of claim by or against: (a) our Company, our Subsidiaries and/or Promoters (individually or in the aggregate), in any such pending matter is in excess of ` 321.61 million or if the outcome of any such litigation could have a material and adverse effect on our position, business, operations, prospects and reputation; and (b) our Directors, the outcome of any such litigation could have a material and adverse effect on our position, business, operations, prospects and reputation. Further, pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, we are required to disclose all outstanding litigation proceedings involving our Group Companies, which may have 

32 

a material adverse effect on our Company. 

A summary of outstanding litigation proceedings as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus as disclosed in the section titled “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Materiality Policy is provided below: 

|**Type of Proceedings**|**Number of cases**|**Amount**<sup>*****</sup><br>**(**`**in million)**|
|---|---|---|
|**Cases against our Company**|||
|Otherpendingmaterial litigationproceedings|1|218.98******|
|**Total**|**1**|**218.98**|
|**Cases by our Company**|||
|Criminalproceedings|2|6.00|
|Other pending material proceedings|1<sup>#</sup>|65.66<sup>#**</sup>|
|**Total**|**3**|**71.66**|
|**Cases against our Promoters**|||
|Criminalproceedings|1|-|
|Actions bystatutoryand regulatoryauthorities|2|1.10|
|Claims related to direct and indirect taxes|41|29,559.99|
|Otherpendingmaterial litigation|8<sup>$</sup>|21,336.02<sup>$</sup>|
|**Total**|**52**|**50,897.11**|
|**Cases by our Promoters**|||
|Criminalproceedings|3|100.00|
|Otherpendingmaterial litigation|16|116,645.79|
|**Total**|**19**|**116,745.79**|



_*To the extent quantifiable._ 

_** Based on the exchange rate of the US$ to the Indian Rupee as on March 31, 2019, rounded off to the second decimal (1US$ =_ ` _69.32). $ These also include the counter-claims made against SPCPL in relation to arbitration proceedings initiated by SPCPL. # This proceeding is a counter-claim made by our Company in relation arbitration proceedings initiated against us._ 

# **_8. This Red Herring Prospectus contains information from BloombergNEF and industry reports, which we have commissioned from CRISIL Research and IHS Markit._** 

The information in this section and the sections entitled “ _Summary of the Offer Document_ ”, “ _Our Business_ ”, “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” and “ _Industry Overview_ ” on pages 22, 115, 398 and 98, respectively, of this Red Herring Prospectus includes information that is derived from BloombergNEF and certain industry reports by CRISIL Research and IHS Markit that we commissioned in connection with the Offer for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the industry. Neither we, nor any of the Book Running Lead Managers, their associates or affiliates or any other person connected with the Offer has verified the information provided by BloombergNEF or included in the industry reports of CRISIL Research and IHS Markit. CRISIL Research and IHS Markit have advised that while they have taken due care and caution in providing the information and in preparing the reports, as applicable, based on information obtained from sources which they consider reliable, they in no way guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the industry reports or the data therein and are neither responsible for any errors or omissions nor for the results obtained from the use of the information derived from the industry reports. The information derived from BloombergNEF and the industry reports highlight certain industry and market data relating to us and our competitors. Such data is subject to many assumptions. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in our industry, and methodologies and assumptions may vary widely among different industry sources. Further, such assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that the assumptions inherent in the information provided by BloombergNEF, CRISIL Research or IHS Markit are correct or will not change and accordingly our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the industry reports are not a recommendation to invest or disinvest in us or any company to which reference is made in the industry reports. CRISIL Research and IHS Markit have each stated that they disclaim responsibility for any loss or damage arising from the use of the industry information or industry reports, as applicable. You are advised not to unduly rely on the industry reports or industry information when making your investment decision. 

33 

# **_9. We have, and may continue to have, negative cash flows from operating activities_** 

The following table sets forth a summary of our Statement of Cash Flows for the periods indicated: 

||**For**<br>|**the Year Ended March**<br><sup>*****</sup>|**31,**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|
||**2017**|**2018**|**2019**|
||**SWPL – Solar EPC**<br>**Division**<br>**(Prior to Demerger)**|**_(_**` **_in million)_**<br>**Sterling and Wils**<br>**(Post-De**|**on Solar Limited**<br>**merger)**|
|Net cash flows generated from/(used in)<br>operating activities ................................|(3,186.38)|2,510.58|(7,233.44)|
|Net cash flows generated from/ (used in)<br>investing activities ................................|(20.59)|(187.42)|(9,288.33)|
|Net cash flows generated from/(used in)<br>financing activities ................................|3,242.66|(1,409.72)|19,722.09|
|**Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the**<br>**period**...................................................|**37.64**|**954.66**|**4,207.70**|



* For the period from March 9, 2017 to March 31, 2018. 

We had negative cash flow from operating activities of ₹(3,186.38) million and ₹(7,233.44) million in Fiscals 2017 and 2019, respectively. In Fiscal 2017 we had negative cash flow from operating activities primarily because of interest bearing credit given to a customer amounting to ₹2,770.71 million led to an increase in our working capital. The amount was subsequently collected in Fiscal 2018. We also recorded negative cash flow from operating activities in Fiscal 2019 due to reduction in a large advance from customer on substantial completion of the project which led to an increase in our working capital. 

For further details, see “ _Restated Consolidated Summary Financial Information”, “Carved Out Combined Financial Statements”_ and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on pages 192, 313 and 398, respectively, of this Red Herring Prospectus. We cannot assure you that our net cash flows will be positive in the future. 

**_10. One of our Promoter Selling Shareholders has encumbered their Equity Shares with a deposit accepting housing finance company. Any exercise of such encumbrance by such deposit accepting housing finance company could dilute the shareholding of such Promoter and consequently dilute the aggregate shareholding of our Promoters, which may materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition._** 

The Equity Shares offered by the Promoter Selling Shareholders as part of the Offer are free from any encumbrances and eligible in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. However, up to 35.76% of our Equity Shares held by SPCPL shall be pledged in favour of a deposit accepting housing finance company, namely, Housing Development Finance Corporation Limited after creation of lock-in in accordance with Regulation 16(b) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Any default under the agreements pursuant to which these Equity Shares are pledged will entitle the pledgee to enforce the pledge over these Equity Shares. If this happens, the aggregate shareholding of the Promoters may be diluted and we may face certain impediments in taking decisions on certain key, strategic matters. As a result, we may not be able to conduct our business or implement our strategies as currently planned, which may materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition. Further, any rapid sale of Equity Shares by such third parties may materially and adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. 

Any significant dilution in the shareholding of the SP Group in our Company (as a result of any enforcement of the pledge against SPCPL) may have a material adverse effect on us, our business and our financial condition including our reputation and ability to access capital, credit ratings and industry talent. 

**_11. Our EPC contracts generally include provisions permitting our customers to terminate the agreement at their convenience. If our EPC contracts are terminated prematurely, we may not receive payments otherwise due to us which may result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our EPC contracts typically include provisions permitting our customers to terminate the EPC contract prior to the issue of a notice to proceed (“ **NTP** ”) or at their convenience with a relatively short notice period. In 

34 

such circumstances, we are generally able to recover actual costs incurred until that time, but we do not recover the full payment that would otherwise have been due to us under the contract. If our customers cancel some of our significant EPC contracts and we are unable to secure new contracts on substantially the same terms, or if our customers use such termination rights as leverage to re-negotiate the terms and conditions of the EPC contract, including pricing terms, changes to the scope of work or delivery schedule, this may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_12. We depend on various subcontractors and suppliers to procure materials and construct and provide our services and solutions. We are exposed to risks arising from the pricing, timing or quality of their services, equipment and supplies and warranties given. This may materially and adversely affect our business, profitability, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We enter into contracts with subcontractors and suppliers to supply equipment, materials and other goods and services for our EPC and O&M businesses and for providing certain services related to our operations. We are subject to the risk that suppliers or subcontractors may not perform their obligations under their respective contracts with us. If suppliers or subcontractors fail to deliver components on time or deliver components with manufacturing defects; do not comply with the specified quality standards and technical specifications; do not comply with local regulations; cause or are subject to accidents on the solar power project site; otherwise fail to perform their obligations; terminate their contracts with us; or are subject to insolvency proceedings, we may be unable to fulfil our warranty obligations under our EPC contracts with customers. We may also suffer disruptions in our operations and may need to enter into new contracts with other suppliers or subcontractors at a higher cost which we may not be able to recover from our customers under our EPC contracts. Such events could have a material and adverse effect on our ability to fulfil our obligations to our customers and meet agreed timelines and may cause an increase in our construction costs and working capital requirements. If any shutdowns continue for extended periods, this could give rise to contractual penalties or liabilities under our EPC contracts, a delay or inability to recognize revenues, loss of customers and damage to our reputation. Although we are entitled to compensation from such suppliers and subcontractors for certain solar power equipment failures and defects in certain cases, these arrangements may not fully compensate us for the damage and loss suffered as a result thereof. 

Our profitability largely depends on our ability to manage costs relating to our EPC operations. Our most significant cost is the cost of construction materials, including modules, inverters and trackers, the prices of which are subject to price volatility. We seek to manage the cost of some of these materials by entering into pre-bid pricing arrangements for modules and inverters with our key suppliers at competitive rates. These pre-bid pricing arrangements are typically valid for a couple of months. We do not, however, enter into prebid pricing arrangements with our key suppliers for materials other than modules and inverters and cannot manage volatility in the prices of those raw materials, cannot assure that the supply of these materials will be at competitive rates. Any failure to enter into pre-bid arrangements with our suppliers, the termination of the pre-bid arrangement by our supplier or a delay in entering into the EPC contract, could subject us to price escalation risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We also make advance payments in connection with our procurement agreements for equipment and materials used in our operations. We may not be able to recover such advance payments and would suffer further losses if any subcontractor, supplier or specialist agency fails to fulfil its delivery obligations under its contract, including failing to provide sufficient quantities of materials of such quality as specified in the contract. In addition, to the extent that there is collateral or security attached to our advance payments, it is uncertain whether the advance payment can be repaid in full upon enforcement of such collateral or security. Any negotiation or litigation arising out of disputes with subcontractors, suppliers and specialist agencies could distract management from the day-to-day operation of our business, subject us to potentially significant legal expenses, the forfeiture of our advance payments to these subcontractors, suppliers and specialist agencies and interrupt our operations, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are also required to negotiate product and performance warranties and related insurance, for ourselves and our customers, with suppliers. Our failure to negotiate the product and performance warranties and procure insurances from suppliers for the required scope and period or at all, exposes us to the risks of compensating our customers for any defects in the modules or inverters. Where the warranty period by our suppliers is shorter in duration than our warranty obligations under the EPC contract, we may be exposed to further claims in case of defects and this may materially and adversely affect our profitability and financial condition. 

35 

**_13. Orders in our order book may be delayed, modified or cancelled, and letters of intent may be withdrawn or may not translate to confirmed orders, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition_ .** 

Our order book, which we define as the value of solar power projects for which we have entered into definitive EPC contracts minus the revenue already recognized from those projects, was ` 38,315.77 million, as of March 31, 2019. Order book projects only represent business that is considered ‘firm’, although cancellations or unanticipated variations or scope or schedule adjustments may occur. Due to changes in project scope and schedule, we cannot predict with certainty when, or if the solar power projects in our order book will be performed. In addition, when a project proceeds as scheduled, it is possible that our customers may default and fail to pay amounts due. We cannot guarantee that the income anticipated in our order book will be realized on time, or at all. Any project cancellations or scope adjustments, which may occur from time to time, could reduce the amount of our order book and the income and profits that we ultimately earn from the contracts. Any delay, cancellation or payment default could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

For some of the contracts in our order book, our customers are obliged to perform or take certain actions, such as acquiring land, securing rights of way, clearing forests, supplying owner-supplied material, securing required licenses, authorizations or permits, making advance payments or procuring financing, approving designs, approving supply chain vendors and shifting existing utilities. If customers do not perform these and other actions in a timely manner or at all, and the possibility of such failure is not provided for in the EPC contract, our projects could be delayed, modified or cancelled and as a result, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

As at March 31, 2019, letters of intent for projects for which we have won the bid, but have not yet executed definitive EPC contracts, was ` 39,081.60 million (of which ` 21,959.31 million were converted into definitive EPC contracts since March 31, 2019). Before entering into a binding contract with us, our customers generally issue letters of intent which they can withdraw at any time before entering into an EPC contract. As such, issued letters of intent may not lead to confirmed orders, which could impact our operations and financial condition. There have been instances in the past where letters of intent have been withdrawn and we cannot guarantee that customers will enter into a definitive contract with us after issuing a letter of intent. 

**_14. We have entered into certain related party transactions in the past and may continue to do so in the future on an arm’s length basis._** 

We have entered, and are likely to continue to enter, into transactions with related parties, including our Promoters and our Group Companies on an arm’s length basis. The following table provides an overview of our related party transactions for Fiscals 2017, 2018, and 2019 as a percentage of total revenue from operations in the relevant period. 

||**For the yea**|**r ended Marc**|**h 31,**|
|---|---|---|---|
|**Related party transactions**<br>|**2017**<br>**SWPL – Solar EPC**<br>**Division (Prior to**<br>**Demerger)**<br>(_as a % of Re_<br>|**2018**<br>**Sterling and**<br>**Limi**<br>**(Post-de**<br>_venue from operat_<br>|**2019**<br>**Wilson Solar**<br>**ted**<br>**merger)**<br>_ions_)<br>|
|Total income|2.67%|4.52%|7.76%|
|Expenditure|0.40%|1.01%|0.76%|
|Liabilities|0.97%|1.70%|0.85%|
|Assets|15.22%|17.62%|29.06%|
|Off Balance SheetItems|-|0.75%|0.34%|



For more information on our prior related party transactions, see “ _Summary of the Offer Document -_ 

36 

_Summary of Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 25 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

We have entered into certain loan arrangements with our related parties arising due to the Demerger. Under the terms of these loans, our related parties are required to make interest payments to us. We cannot assure you that the related parties will continue to be able to repay the principal amounts under these loans or that they will continue to be able to service the interest payable to us. Any failure by our related parties or their inability to repay the loans or pay interest due to us could have a material adverse impact on our operations, prospects and financial condition. 

We believe that all of our related party transactions are in compliance with applicable law. Further, the transactions into which we have entered and any future transactions into which we may enter into with our related parties have involved or could potentially involve conflicts of interest. In addition, the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations have brought into effect significant changes to the Indian company law framework including specific compliance requirements such as obtaining prior approval from the audit committee, board of directors and shareholders for certain related party transactions. There can be no assurance that such transactions would be approved. There can also be no assurance that we would be able to maintain existing terms, or in case of any future transactions with related parties. While we have entered into transactions with related parties on an arm’s length basis, we cannot assure you that any related party transactions in future, individually or in the aggregate, will not be negatively perceived or have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

**_15. We depend on SWPL for certain services as a result of the Demerger and we may encounter difficulties adjusting to operating as a separate company after the Demerger, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flow, prospects and results of operations. Further, we also depend on our Prompter, SPCPL, for use of their intellectual property, termination of which may adversely affect our prospects and results of operations._** 

We began operations in 2011 as a business segment of SWPL and with effect from the Appointed Date, we completed our Demerger from SWPL on May 14, 2018. See “ _History and Other Corporate Matters – Mergers or Amalgamation_ ” on page 140 of this Red Herring Prospectus for more information on the Demerger. We have historically operated as part of SWPL’s corporate organization, and SWPL has provided us with various corporate functions. Following the Demerger, SWPL is under no obligation to provide assistance other than the services agreed under the Framework Agreement. Under the Framework Agreement, we depend on SWPL for utilizing some of its branch offices for our operations. SWPL, certain of its foreign branch offices and project offices (the “ **Foreign Branches** ”) and certain of its subsidiaries (the “ **SWPL Relevant Subsidiaries** ”) have been authorized to represent us in connection with our contracts entered into prior to the Demerger until the expiration such contracts or the novation of such contracts. SWPL, the Foreign Branches and the SWPL Relevant Subsidiaries have been authorized to execute necessary project-related documentation, tracking payment due dates, notifying us of impending payments, initiating or defending any action, suit or other legal proceedings and generally facilitating dealing with counterparties in relation to such contracts. Any failure by SWPL, the Foreign Branches or the SWPL Relevant Subsidiaries in performing these services efficiently or on time could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

We also depend on SWPL for certain transitional services, such as information technology, human resources and taxation. If SWPL fails to provide the quality of services necessary to operate effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. In addition, these services may not be sufficient to meet our needs, and, after the Framework Agreement with SWPL expires or if it is terminated, we may not be able to replace these services at all or obtain these services at prices and on terms as favourable as we currently have. Any failure or significant downtime in our own financial or administrative systems or in SWPL’s financial or administrative systems during the transitional period could impact our results and prevent us from paying our suppliers and employees, or performing other administrative services in a timely manner and could materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Because our business has historically operated as part of the wider SWPL’s organization, we may be unable to successfully establish the infrastructure or implement the changes necessary to operate wholly independently, or may incur additional costs that could materially and adversely affect our business. 

Additionally, under the Framework Agreement, SWPL has granted us the right to use all logos and brands of SWPL. Further, our Subsidiary, SW FZCO and our Company have entered into brand sharing agreements dated September 26, 2018 with SPCPL (the “ **Brand Sharing Agreements** ”) under which we have the right to use intellectual property belonging to the SP group and to benefit from the SP Group’s track record of 

37 

project execution in bidding for large scale projects. For further details in relation to the Framework Agreement and Brand Sharing Agreements, please see section the section titled “ _History and Other Corporate Matters – Other Material Agreements_ ” on page 141 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

We believe that we benefit in reputational terms with customers, as well as in terms of access to capital, credit ratings and industry talent as a result of being a part of the SP Group and S&W. In order to benefit from the goodwill attached to SP and S&W brands we will need to expend significant time, effort and resources to continue to maintain the “SP” and “S&W” brand names in the marketplace. If we are unsuccessful in maintaining the brand identity or if SWPL or SPCPL terminates the Framework Agreement or the Brand Sharing Agreement, and as a result we are not able to use the “SP” and “S&W” brand and logo, our business, results of operations and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 

In addition, as result of the Demerger, we have limited experience in conducting our operations on a standalone basis and we may encounter operational, administrative and strategic difficulties as we adjust to operating as a standalone company. This may cause us to react more slowly than our competitors to market conditions, may divert our management’s attention from running our business or may otherwise harm our operations. 

**_16. We are required to provide bank guarantees and performance guarantees under our EPC contracts. Any inability to arrange such guarantees or the invocation of such guarantees may materially and adversely affect our ability to bid for new projects and have a material adverse effect on our future revenues and business prospects._** 

As is customary in the EPC services industry, we are usually required to provide financial and performance bank guarantees to secure our financial and performance obligations under the respective contracts for our projects. These guarantees are typically required to be provided within a few days of the signing of an EPC contract and remain valid until the expiration of the defect liability period prescribed in that EPC contract. Where any such guarantee is invoked during the subsistence of a contract, we are likely to be required to replace such guarantee with another guarantee. In certain cases we may also be required to provide additional guarantees in case performance ratios are not met on the date of commissioning of the project for so long as such defect continues. In addition, letters of credit are often required to satisfy payment obligations to suppliers and subcontractors. We may not be able to continue to obtain new financial and performance bank guarantees in sufficient quantities to match our business requirements. If we are unable to provide sufficient collateral to secure the financial bank guarantees, performance bank guarantees or letters of credit, our ability to enter into new contracts or obtain adequate supplies could be limited. Providing security to obtain letters of credit, financial and performance bank guarantees also increases our working capital requirements. Our ability to obtain such guarantees or letters of credit depends upon our capitalization, working capital, available credit facilities, past performance, management expertise and reputation and certain external factors, including the overall capacity of the surety and letter of credit market. Surety companies and banks consider such factors by reference to the amount of our backlog and their underwriting standards, which may change from time to time. Events that adversely affect the insurance and bonding markets, and the banking markets generally, may result in bonding, financing or letters of credit becoming more difficult to obtain in the future, or being available only at a significantly greater cost. If we are not able to continue obtaining new letters of credit, bank guarantees and performance bank guarantees in sufficient quantities to match our business requirements, it could have a material adverse effect on our future revenues and business prospects. 

**_17. We may be subject to unforeseen costs, liabilities or obligations when providing O&M services. In addition, certain of our O&M contracts include provisions permitting the counterparty to terminate the agreement without cause. This may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We provide ongoing O&M services to our customers for whom we have commissioned solar power projects under separate O&M contracts as well as to third-parties, pursuant to which we generally perform standard activities associated with operating a fully or partially commissioned solar power project, including monitoring, control, trouble-shooting and security on a 24/7 basis, data recording and reporting, compliance activities, energy forecasting, scheduled and unscheduled maintenance, cleaning and overall operational management of the project. We may not be successful in winning separate O&M service contracts or in renewing expired contracts, which may materially and adversely affect our O&M business. Furthermore, we estimate the cost of performing these services at the time we enter into the O&M contract for a particular project, and these are reflected in the prices we charge our customers, including certain contracts which feature fixed pricing. If our estimates of O&M costs prove inaccurate, our growth strategy and results of 

38 

operations could be materially and adversely affected. Because of the potentially long-term nature of these O&M contracts, the material adverse effect on our results of operations could be significant, particularly if our costs are not capped under the terms of the O&M contracts. 

In addition, certain of our O&M contracts include provisions permitting the counterparty to terminate the agreement without cause or for convenience. We are generally able to recover actual costs incurred until that time, but we do not recover the full payment that would otherwise have been due to us under the contract. The exercise of such termination rights, or the use of such rights as leverage to re-negotiate terms and conditions of the O&M contract, including pricing terms, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_18. We may not be successful in implementing our global expansion strategy effectively, which could have a material adverse effect on the long-term growth of our business, our financial condition and results of operations._** 

As part of our expansion strategy, we focus on new markets and conduct on-the-ground market diligence to tap new opportunities and where necessary, expand our operations through acquisitions and equity investments. As we grow, we expect to encounter additional challenges to our global network supply chain, internal processes, external construction management, capital commitment process, project funding infrastructure, financing capabilities and regulatory compliance. Our existing operations, personnel, systems and internal controls may not be adequate to support our growth and may require us to make additional unanticipated investments in our infrastructure. To manage the future growth of our operations, we will be required to improve our administrative, operational and financial systems, procedures and controls, and expand, train and manage our growing employee base. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, we may not be able to take advantage of market opportunities, execute our business strategies successfully or respond to competitive pressures. As a result, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Additional difficulties executing our growth strategy, particularly in new geographical locations, may include, among other things, accurately prioritizing geographic markets for entry; including estimates on addressable market demand; obtaining construction, environmental and other permits and approvals; managing local operational, capital investment or sourcing regulatory requirements; adopting changes in foreign currency controls and foreign exchange policy; managing fluctuations in the economy and financial market, as well as credit risks; managing possible unfavourable labour conditions or employee strikes; and sourcing cost-competitive financing on attractive terms. 

In connection with our growth strategy, we may acquire companies or technologies; enter into joint ventures or other strategic initiatives; establish permanent branch offices; or make equity investments in companies executing projects under our co-development model to facilitate our operations and business expansion strategy. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of such business combinations or acquisitions. The risks associated with such transactions may include difficulty in integrating and managing the operations and personnel of the acquired or partner company; difficulty in achieving profitable commercial scale from acquired technologies; difficulty in maintaining controls, procedures and policies during the transition and integration; disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of our management and associates from other opportunities and challenges due to integration issues; and difficulty integrating the acquired or partner company’s accounting, management information and other administrative systems. For example, we have adopted a co-development business to secure EPC rights through equity investments in project companies in the United States. Any delay by the developer to commence EPC operations on the project, or the cancellation of the solar power project by the developer, could require us to keep our equity investment locked-in for a longer duration in case of a delay or cause us to withdraw our equity investment in the project at a lower purchase price, causing a material adverse effect on our financial condition and business operations. 

**_19. Any failure by our customers to meet their contractual commitments, the insolvency or liquidation of our customers, or our inability to enter into or renew our contracts with customers, could materially and adversely affect our working capital requirements, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow._** 

We depend on our customers to fulfil their contractual obligations under our EPC contracts with them. Our EPC services are provided under fixed-price short-term EPC contracts to private and state-owned solar power developers. Any reduction, delay or cancellation of orders from one or more of our significant customers; unilateral change of contractual technological specifications by one or more of our customers; failure to reach 

39 

an agreement with our customers on the pricing terms or sales volumes under various contracts; loss of one or more of our significant customers and our failure to identify additional or replacement customers; or failure of any of our significant customers to make timely payment, may cause material fluctuations, or a decrease, in our working capital requirements and our revenue. 

In our EPC business, our customers generally make milestone payments in relation to portions of work completed. Our customers generally inspect and confirm the work progress before making such milestone payments. Our customers may disagree with our assessment of the progress of completed work and there is no assurance that we will be able to fully collect our fees as originally contracted. In the event that we are unable to collect our fees in full and on time, our working capital requirements could increase beyond our estimates and our cash flow and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. 

Our financial condition, profitability and cash flow are also dependent on the creditworthiness of our customers and their ability to pay us promptly when due. Our customers may have low credit ratings and any inability to comply with their contractual payment obligations or the commencement of any insolvency or liquidation proceedings against them during the term of the EPC project could cause working capital shortages and materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. 

**_20. We are required to maintain certain licenses, approvals, registrations, consents and permits in the ordinary course of business, and the failure to maintain them may materially and adversely affect our operations._** 

Our business is highly regulated and we require a number of licenses, approvals, registrations, consents and permits to operate our business in India and globally. As we expand our operations globally and enter new markets, we may not be familiar with local regulations and may need to incur additional costs to ensure regulatory compliance. In addition, we may need to apply for approvals, including the renewal of approvals which may expire, from time to time, as and when required in the ordinary course of business. If we fail to obtain or renew such licenses, approvals, registrations, consents and permits in a timely manner, we may not be able to execute solar power projects in accordance with the terms of our EPC contracts with our customers, or at all, which could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are required to obtain and maintain consents, approvals, registrations and permits with respect to the provision of EPC, O&M and solar rooftop services and solutions for the solar power projects. 

Furthermore, government approvals and licenses are subject to numerous conditions, including adherence to emission standards and regular monitoring and compliance requirements, some of which are onerous and require us to incur substantial expenditure. We may incur substantial costs, including clean up and/or remediation costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions, as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental or health and safety laws, which may have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. We cannot assure you that approvals, licenses, registrations, consents and permits issued to us would not be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. Any failure to renew the approvals that have expired or apply for and obtain the required licenses, approvals, registrations, consents or permits, or any suspension or revocation of any approvals, licenses, registrations and permits that have been or may be issued to us, may materially and adversely affect our operations. See “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 430 of this Red Herring Prospectus for more details, including such approvals for which applications are pending before relevant authorities. 

**_21. Our success will depend on our ability to attract and retain our key managerial personnel, our design and engineering team and other key personnel. Failure to do so may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We are dependent on the services of our executive officers and other members of our senior management team. The loss of one or more of these key employees or any other member of our senior management team could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may not be able to retain or replace these key employees and may not have adequate succession plans in place. Several of our current key employees, including our executive officers are subject to employment laws of the jurisdictions in which they operate and to arrangements that contain post-employment non-competition provisions. However, these arrangements permit our employees to terminate their employment with us upon little or no notice and the enforceability of the non-competition provisions in certain jurisdictions including India, is uncertain. 

40 

In addition, we are dependent on the services of our design and engineering team globally. We benefit from the cost advantages of having the entirety of our design and engineering team in India. However, the demand for specialist design engineers has increased in India, resulting in a shortage of, and increasing costs to hire, such specialists. We face a continuous challenge to recruit and retain a sufficient number of suitably skilled personnel, particularly as we implement our growth and expansion strategy. Generally, there is significant competition for management, engineering and design and other skilled personnel in the businesses in which we operate, and it may be difficult to attract and retain the skilled personnel we need. In particular, even if we were to increase our pay structures to attract and retain such personnel, we may be unable to compete with other companies for suitably skilled personnel to the extent they are able to provide more competitive compensation and benefits. Furthermore, we may not be able to redeploy and retrain our employees to keep pace with continuing changes, evolving standards and changing customer preferences. The loss of key personnel and our inability to recruit suitable replacements may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

These key personnel possess technical and business capabilities that would be difficult to replace. The loss or diminution in the services of our senior management or other key team members or our failure to maintain the necessary management and other resources to operate and grow our business could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. In addition, as our business develops and expands, we believe that our future success will depend on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled and qualified personnel globally, which cannot be guaranteed. 

Currently, pursuant to the terms of our Framework Agreement with SWPL, we rely on SWPL for the group HR services, information technology services, indirect tax services and common management services. See “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters – Other material agreements_ ” on page 141 of this Red Herring Prospectus for further details. 

**_22. Technological changes, evolving customer requirements and emerging industry trends may affect our business, may render our current technologies obsolete and may require us to make substantial capital investments._** 

Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to respond to technological advances, evolving customer requirements and emerging industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis. The development and implementation of such technology entails technical and business risk and not insignificant implementation costs. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully implement new technologies or adapt our processing systems to evolving customer requirements or emerging industry standards. Changes in technology may make newer solutions more competitive than ours or may require us to make additional capital expenditure to upgrade our facilities and technology. If we are unable, for technical, legal, financial or other reasons, to adapt in a timely manner to changing market conditions, evolving customer requirements or technological changes, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

We are dependent on the capacity and reliability of the communications, information and technology systems supporting our operations, whether developed, owned and operated by us or by third parties. Operational risks, such as trading or operational errors or interruptions of our financial, accounting, trading, compliance and other data processing systems, whether caused by the failure to prevent or mitigate data losses and other security breaches, or other cyber security threats or attacks, fire or other disaster, power or telecommunications failure, could result in a disruption of our business and/or cause reputational damage, and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to complete our current technology initiatives or achieve the anticipated efficiencies. Furthermore, unavailability of, or failure to retain, well-trained employees capable of constantly servicing our Information Technology (“ **IT** ”) system, such as our Computerized Monitoring System (“ **CMS** ”) and our Computerized Maintenance Management System (“ **CMMS** ”) that is in the process of being implemented, may lead to inefficiencies or disruption of the IT system and consequently our business and operations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to improve our project management and execution systems and upgrade our technology infrastructure at a rate commensurate with the increase in the size and complexity of the projects that we may undertake in the future. Any resulting impairment in our project management and execution capabilities may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

41 

**_23. Our design, research and development efforts may not yield meaningful results and this may materially and adversely affect our business profitability and financial condition._** 

We devote substantial resources to our design and engineering functions and innovative engineering efforts that continually seek to improve the efficiency of our solutions and services. For example, we are currently developing a research and design centre in Rajasthan to this effect. As at March 31, 2019 our design and engineering team comprises 154 personnel. However, there is no guarantee that any of our research and development activities will yield meaningful results, can be used for our commercial operations or will generate any revenue. There can be no guarantee that our technologies and installation solutions will suit the local conditions, environmental characteristics or comply with the regulations or approval requirements of the various regions and countries in which we operate and such conditions may change in the future, rendering our research and development efforts unsuitable. Technical and operational issues or other problems may delay or hinder our research and development processes and increase our costs and lack of regulatory approvals may cause us to expend more time and resources in the design process. Furthermore, our research and development activities may not always keep pace with our competitors. If we fail to design, research and develop suitable solutions and services for our projects, this may affect our ability to win bids and/or to successfully implement our existing projects and our business profitability and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. 

**_24. Our business operations rely on consistent solar weather conditions and unfavourable solar weather conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Solar power is highly dependent on weather conditions and the profitability of our operations depends not only on observed solar conditions at the project site but also on the consistency of those solar conditions. Unfavourable weather conditions could impair the effectiveness of solar power projects; reduce their output beneath their rated capacity; require the shutdown of key equipment; impede the operation of solar power projects; and could materially and adversely affect our forecasted revenues and cash flows. Sustained unfavourable weather could also unexpectedly delay the installation of solar power projects, which could result in a delay in project completion and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_25. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by strikes, work stoppages and/or increased wage demands by our employees or any other kind of dispute with our employees and other workers._** 

We had 1,160 full-time employees as at March 31, 2019. None of our employees are members of labour unions and we have had no instances of strikes or labour unrest since we commenced operations. However, we cannot guarantee that our employees will not join labour unions in the future and as a result we may experience disruptions in our operations due to disputes or other problems with our workforce. Efforts by our employees to modify compensation and other terms of employment may also divert management’s attention and increase operating expenses or lead to delays in executing our solar power projects, which may result in penalties under our EPC contracts. The occurrence of such events could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

From time to time, we also enter into contracts with subcontractors and other independent contractors to complete specific assignments and these subcontractors are required to provide the labour necessary to complete such assignments. We do not have control over their day-to-day affairs. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, it is possible under the local laws of the countries in which we operate, that we may be held responsible for wage payments to labourers engaged by subcontractors should the subcontractors default on wage payments. Any requirement to fund such payments may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_26. Our operations may cause injury to people or property and therefore could subject us to significant disruptions in our business, legal and regulatory actions, costs and liabilities which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our operations require our employees and other workers to work under potentially dangerous circumstances. Our operations could lead to mechanical and electrical failures due to improper installation of components and power cables, accidents or malfunctions at project sites, including malfunctions of port facilities, rail and road connectivity to project sites, corrosion of equipment and weather-related or other risks related to 

42 

structural integrity post-commissioning. Operation of equipment and machinery can be dangerous and may cause significant personal injury to our employees or other persons, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment, and contamination of, or damage to, the environment. For example, an employee working on the construction of our solar project in South Africa was fatally injured in a workplace accident. Such situations could significantly disrupt our operations, subject us to legal and regulatory actions and additional costs and liabilities, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_27. Environmental obligations and liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flow, and results of operations._** 

Our operations involve the use, handling, generation, processing, storage, transportation, and disposal of certain materials during the construction process of solar power projects. We are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations at local, state, national, and international levels and, during the project construction process, we often prepare environmental impact assessment reports as part of the permitting process. We have to obtain certain environmental permits in order to conduct our business. These environmental laws and regulations include those governing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the use, management, and disposal of certain materials, the clean-up of work sites and occupational health and safety. As we execute our long-term strategic plans and expand our business into foreign jurisdictions worldwide, our environmental compliance burden may continue to increase both in terms of magnitude and complexity. We have incurred and may continue to incur significant costs in complying with these laws and regulations. In addition, violations of, or liabilities under environmental laws or permits may result in restrictions being imposed on our operating activities or in our being subjected to substantial fines, penalties, criminal proceedings, third-party property damage or personal injury claims, clean-up and/or other costs. Such solutions could also result in substantial delay to or the termination of projects under construction within our systems business, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. While passage of climate change legislation or other regulatory initiatives that regulate or restrict emissions of greenhouse gases may encourage use of solar power and accordingly increase demand for our projects and services, this could also cause us to incur additional direct costs in complying with any new environmental regulations during our engineering and construction processes, as well as increased indirect costs resulting from our customers and/or suppliers, incurring additional compliance costs that get passed on to us. Future developments such as more aggressive enforcement policies, the implementation of new, more stringent laws and regulations or the discovery of currently unknown environmental conditions may entail additional costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations. 

**_28. As a significant percentage of our sales are denominated in foreign currency, we are exposed to currency translation and transaction risks which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

The Indian Rupee has been volatile and as of March 31, 2019, the Indian Rupee was ` 69.44 compared to one US$ and ` 77.98 compared to one Euro. Although our reporting currency is the Indian Rupee, we conduct certain business operations and incur costs, such as local manpower and equipment leasing costs, in the local currency of most countries in which we operate. In addition, payments under most of our EPC contracts with our customers outside India are denominated in U.S. dollars and certain acquisitions and equity investments are made in foreign currency. As a result, we are subject to currency translation and transaction risk. Because our financial results are reported in Indian Rupees, if we generate revenue or earnings in other currencies, the translation of those results into Indian Rupees can result in a significant increase or decrease in the amount of those revenues or earnings. Further, to the extent that we are unable to match revenues received in foreign currencies with costs paid in the same currency, exchange rate fluctuations between such currencies could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity or our ability to efficiently utilize our working capital. Therefore, volatility in currency exchange rates may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In conducting our business, we also use various derivative and non-derivative instruments to manage risks arising from fluctuations in exchange rates, interest rates and commodity prices. For details of the hedging program of our Company, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Currency risk”_ on page 419. Such instruments are used for risk management purposes only and, in the last few years, their use has been very limited. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully hedge our risks or that we will not incur such losses in the future. 

43 

**_29. We may not have sufficient insurance coverage to cover all possible economic losses. If we incur an uninsured loss or a loss that significantly exceeds the limits of our insurance policies, the resulting costs may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our operations carry inherent risks of personal injury and loss of life, damage to or destruction of property, plant and machinery and damage to the environment, and are subject to risks such as fire, theft, flood, earthquakes and terrorism. We maintain robust insurance coverage, in amounts we believe are commercially appropriate, including insurance against damage, loss of profit and business interruption, marine inland transit and third party liability insurance with respect to our assets. The percentage of assets covered under insurance as a percentage of our total assets as of March 31, 2019 was 66.58%. However, such insurance may not adequately cover all losses or liabilities that may arise from our operations, including, but not limited to, when the loss suffered is not easily quantifiable. Even where we have made a claim under an existing insurance policy, we may not be able to successfully assert our claim for any liability or loss under such insurance policy. If our losses significantly exceed our insurance coverage or cannot be recovered through insurance, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

In addition, we are obliged to maintain insurance policies under the majority of our EPC contracts and a failure to maintain adequate insurance coverage could trigger an event of default thereunder. However, we may not be able to maintain insurance of the types or at levels which we deem necessary or adequate or at rates which we consider reasonable, in particular, if our premium levels increase significantly when we renew our insurance policies. If we are unable to pass increased insurance costs onto our customers, the costs of higher insurance premiums could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, the occurrence of an event for which we are not adequately or sufficiently insured or for which insurance is not available in the market, or the successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, or changes in our insurance policies (including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements), could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully or on time. Any payments we make to cover any losses, damages or liabilities or any delays we experience in receiving appropriate payments from our insurers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See “ _Our Business- Insurance_ ” on page 131 of this Red Herring Prospectus for more details. 

**_30. Our financial information and certain key performance indicators prior to the Demerger may not be representative of our results as an independent company._** 

We began our operations in 2011 as the Solar EPC Division of SWPL and demerged from SWPL with effect from the Appointed Date. We were incorporated on March 9, 2017. As a result, our Restated Consolidated Summary Financial Information for the period from March 9, 2017 to March 31, 2018, to which we refer as “Fiscal 2018”, and for Fiscal 2019 were prepared on an actual basis after the Demerger. For comparative purposes, we have prepared Carved Out Combined Financial Statements for the financial year prior to the Demerger, Fiscal 2017, on a “carve-out” basis as if we had been in existence as a standalone company since April 1, 2016 and as at March 31, 2017. Similarly, certain key performance indicators for Fiscal 2017 are presented on a carve-out basis. We have made numerous estimates, assumptions and allocations in our financial information and key performance indicators as SWPL did not account for us, and we did not operate, as a standalone business for any period prior to April 1, 2017. The use of such assumptions and estimates means that the Restated Consolidated Summary Financial Information, Carved Out Combined Financial Statements or key performance indicators for periods prior to our Demerger presented in this Red Herring Prospectus may not to be representative of what our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow would have been had we been a separate standalone entity during the periods presented. Furthermore, neither the Restated Consolidated Summary Financial Information nor the Carved Out Combined Financial Statements cannot be used to forecast or accurately predict our future performance with any degree of certainty. 

**_31. We are required to obtain prior consent from our lenders under some of our financing agreements before undertaking certain actions. Our inability to meet our obligations, conditions and restrictions imposed by our financing agreements could materially and adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and operations. Furthermore, our operations are subject to certain restrictions imposed under certain facilities_** 

44 

# **_utilised by us with the combined limits sanctioned to SWPL. which may limit our flexibility in operating our business and may result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial conditions._** 

As on June 30, 2019, our aggregate outstanding borrowings (on a consolidated basis) was ` 67,413.66 million which comprised of facilities that we directly availed and facilities utilised within the combined limits sanctioned to SWPL (the “ **SWPL Facilities** ”). 

The outstanding borrowings directly availed by us (on a consolidated basis) as on June 30, 2019 was ` 64,578.07 million. The documentation in relation to working capital facilities directly availed by us contains, and documents governing our future indebtedness may contain, numerous financial and operating covenants that may limit the discretion of management with respect to certain business matters. These covenants place restrictions on, among other things, our ability to: effect any change in the nature of our business or undertaking any new business, operations or projects; effect any change in our capital structure; undertake or permit any reorganization, amalgamation, reconstruction, takeover, substantial change of ownership or shareholding or any other scheme of arrangement or compromise affecting our present constitution; effect any change in the management set-up; change the practice with regard to remuneration of directors; make any alteration to the Memorandum of Association or Articles of Association attempting or purporting to alienate or create any mortgage, charge, pledge, hypothecation or lien or encumbrance over our assets; and undertake guarantee obligations or extend letters of comfort on behalf of any other company, person, trust or any third party. Certain of our existing debt financing agreements also require, and documents governing our future indebtedness may require, us to furnish certain security in favour of the relevant lender and meet certain financial ratios and tests. 

Further, as on June 30, 2019, we had utilised facilities aggregating to ` 2,835.59 million in connection with our business from the SWPL Facilities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to negotiate more favourable terms with our future lenders compared to the terms of the limits utilised by us from the SWPL Facilities. 

Our ability to comply with these and other provisions of the existing or future debt agreements is dependent on our future performance, which will be subject to many factors, some of which are beyond our control. The breach of any covenants applicable to us or non-compliance with any of financial ratios and tests applicable to us could result in an event of default under the existing debt agreements, which, if not cured or waived, could result in acceleration of the related debt and the acceleration of debt under other debt instruments that may contain cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions. Further, variable rate indebtedness subjects us to the risk of higher interest rates, which could cause our future debt service obligations to increase significantly and may impair our ability to raise future debt or impede business operations **_._** 

**_32. We recognize revenue based on the ‘Percentage of Completion Method’ of accounting on the basis of our management’s estimates of the project cost. Changes to applicable accounting standards that alter the Percentage of Completion Method may materially and adversely affect our operations._** 

We recognize revenue generated from our projects on the basis of the ‘Percentage of Completion Method’ of accounting. Under this method, revenues from sales are recognized as a percentage of the actual project cost incurred against the total estimated cost of the project. Although this method of accounting is widely used in the industry, we cannot assure you that these estimates will match the actual costs incurred with respect to the projects. The effect of such changes to estimates, is recognized in the financial statements of the period in which such changes are determined. Therefore, our revenue recognition is based on the number of projects that qualify for such revenue recognition that are under execution during a period. This may lead to significant fluctuations in our revenues in accounting periods. Currently, we follow accounting standards prescribed under applicable laws. In the event of any change in law or IndAS, which results in a change to the method of revenue recognition, the results of our operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

**_33. We have availed ourselves of certain borrowings which may be recalled by our lenders at any time. Any such recall of borrowings may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We and one of our Subsidiaries, Sterling and Wilson International Solar FZCO have utilized certain financing facilities outstanding (including secured cash credit facilities and working capital demand loans), which may be recalled by the lenders at any time during the tenor of such facilities with or without the existence of an event of default. We had outstanding unsecured loans of ` 19,506.28 million as of March 31, 2019. In the 

45 

event that a lender or a combination of lenders, seeks a repayment of such facilities, we would have to explore alternative sources of financing, which may not be immediately available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable to procure such financing, we may not be able to meet our working capital requirements. As a result, any such recall of our borrowings may materially and adversely affect our business, cash flow, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_34. Contingent liabilities could adversely affect our financial condition_** 

We had contingent liabilities of ` 1.72 million as of March 31, 2019. For further details regarding our contingent liabilities, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis on Financial Position and Results of Operations - Contingent Liabilities and Commitments_ ” on page 418. Our contingent liabilities may become actual liabilities. In the event that any of our contingent liabilities materialize, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will not incur similar or increased levels of contingent liabilities in the current fiscal year or in the future 

**_35. Our investments in certain countries are subject to foreign ownership and investment restrictions which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We are subject to foreign ownership and investment restrictions in some of the jurisdictions in which we operate and those into which we intend to expand. This may affect our ability to assert operational control over such operations or to expand our operations in these jurisdictions. For example, we are subject to foreign ownership laws which provide that nationals must hold a certain percentage of the shares of our subsidiaries incorporated in each of the United Arab Emirates (“ **UAE** ”). UAE law contains local ownership requirements stating that nationals of the UAE must, directly or indirectly, be the legal/registered owners of at least 51% of the share capital of UAE companies and accordingly foreign investors cannot acquire more than 49% of such share capital. Companies which are registered in a free zone in the UAE are exempt from this requirement and may be 100% non-UAE-owned. One of our UAE-based subsidiaries, Sterling and Wilson Middle East Solar LLC, is directly held by our wholly-owned subsidiary, Sterling and Wilson International Solar FZCO, a free zone company, which is considered a foreign entity under UAE law and may not hold more than 49% of Sterling and Wilson Middle East Solar LLC. In order to secure beneficial ownership of our UAE operations above the UAE foreign ownership restriction threshold, we have adopted the approach taken by many non-UAE-owned companies operating in the UAE by implementing a commonly used nominee arrangement whereby Sterling and Wilson FZCO holds 49% of the share capital of Sterling and Wilson Middle East Solar LLC and the remaining 51% is held by a UAE national, Mr. Ahmed Mohammed Jassim Aljassim, for our benefit. 

Our ownership structure for Sterling and Wilson Middle East Solar LLC could be unilaterally challenged before a UAE court, which could decide that the ownership structure violates public policy, morals or law in the UAE. There could be a number of adverse implications for us if our nominee arrangements and ownership structure for Sterling and Wilson Middle East Solar LLC were to be successfully challenged or an enforcement action initiated, including our beneficial ownership through the trust and sponsorship arrangements being deemed void, which could result in a loss of revenue from the Sterling and Wilson Middle East Solar LLC and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_36. An increase in interest rates or tightening of the supply of capital in the global financial markets could make it difficult for our customers to finance their solar power projects, potentially reducing the demand for our services and solutions which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, such conditions could also impact our ability to obtain funding at optimal costs._** 

Many of our customers depend on debt and/or equity financing to fund the initial capital expenditure requirement to develop, engineer and build their solar power projects. As a result, an increase in interest rates, or a reduction in the supply of project debt financing or tax equity investments, could reduce the number of solar power projects that receive financing or could otherwise make it difficult for our customers to secure the financing they require. This could result in us receiving fewer services and solutions orders, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Macroeconomic, political and market conditions may adversely affect the availability and terms of short and long-term funding, volatility of interest rates, the credit quality of our counterparties, currency exchange rates and inflation. Our borrowing costs and access to capital may be adversely affected if our corporate credit 

46 

rating or the credit ratings assigned to our debt are downgraded. 

**_37. Cyber security risks, breaches and/or malfunction of any of our systems could disrupt our operations and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We rely on our information technology systems for our operations and their reliability and functionality is critical to our business success. Our growing dependence on our IT infrastructure, applications and data has caused us to have a vested interest in its reliability and functionality which can be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the increasing complexity of the IT systems, frequent change and short life span due to technological advancements and data security. If our IT systems malfunction or experience extended periods of downtime, we may not be able to run our operations safely or efficiently. We are subject to cyber security risks and may incur costs to minimize those risks. Cyber security breaches, such as unauthorized access, accidents, employee errors or malfeasance, computer viruses, computer hackings or other disruptions could compromise the security of our data and infrastructure, thereby exposing such information to unauthorized access by third parties. Techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, or to sabotage, systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target. We may be required to deploy significant capital and other resources to remedy, protect against or alleviate these and related problems, and we may not be able to remedy these problems promptly, or at all. Any security breaches that occur could disrupt our operations, increase our security costs, or expose us to potential losses due to data corruption or information leakage, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, any damage or system failure that causes interruptions or delays in the input, retrieval or transmission of data could disrupt our normal operations and possibly interfere with our ability to undertake projects pursuant to the requirements of our contracts. Should such an interruption or delay occur, we can neither assure you that it will not result in the loss of data or information that is important to our business nor that we will be able to restore our operational capacity within a sufficiently adequate time-frame to avoid disruptions to our business. If our systems malfunction or experience extended periods of downtime, we will not be able to run our operations safely or efficiently. We may suffer losses in revenue, reputation, volume of business, and our business, financial condition and results of operation may be materially and adversely affected. 

**_38. We may infringe the intellectual property rights of others and we may face claims that may be costly to resolve and/or limit our ability to use such technology in the future which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

As we expand our business, third parties may assert that our technologies or techniques violate their intellectual property rights. Successful intellectual property claims against us could result in significant financial liability or prevent us from operating all or part of our business. Despite our efforts to comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty whether we are infringing any existing third-party intellectual property rights which may force us to alter our technologies, obtain additional licenses or cease significant portions of our operations. We may also be susceptible to claims from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims. Regardless of their merits, such claims could materially and adversely affect our relationships with current or future customers, result in costly litigation, cause product shipment delays or stoppages, divert management’s attention and resources, subject us to significant liabilities, require us to enter into additional royalty or licensing agreements or require us to cease certain activities. Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_39. Our Registered and Corporate Office is located on leased premises. We cannot assure you that the lease agreement will be renewed upon termination or that we will be able to lease other premises on the same or similar commercial terms._** 

We do not own the premises upon which our Registered and Corporate Office is located. We have been authorized to use such premises by a member of our Promoter Group, Transtel Utilities Private Limited, pursuant to their letter dated June 11, 2018. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain and possession of the premises on the same or similar terms or at all, or find an alternative location on similar terms favourable to us, or at all. 

In addition, free zone entities in Dubai are required to enter into lease agreements for leasing business premises procure regulation and approvals. Any failure to maintain these lease agreements or approvals by 

47 

Sterling and Wilson International Solar FZCO could cause its license to be challenged by the authorities, which could even be cancelled for continued failure to maintain these lease agreements and approvals, and could materially impact our operations in the Middle East and North Africa region, and have an adverse impact on our financial condition, business and results of operations. 

# **External Risks** 

**_40. Our business operates in many locations around the world and relies on global supply chains. The occurrence of various socio-political and/or environmental events may disrupt our operations which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We currently have a presence in 26 countries globally and the occurrence of external social and political and/or environmental events, including, but not limited to, civil unrest, acts of terrorism and war, regional and global political or military tensions, strained or altered foreign relations, protectionism, strikes, flooding, drought, fire, earthquake, sandstorm, high velocity wind, tsunami and pandemic, in those territories and in other territories involved in our supply chains, may disrupt our operations and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_41. The solar power industry is heavily influenced by government regulations and policies. Any changes in such regulations and policies, including any reduction, modification, delay or elimination of economic incentives in the solar power industry may have a direct impact on our business and could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations_ .** 

The cost of solar energy currently exceeds, and we believe will continue to exceed in the near term, the cost of conventional fossil fuel energy and certain non-solar renewable energy, particularly in light of low oil prices in recent years. For example, according to IHS Markit, in both India and the United States, the levelized cost of electricity (a measure used to calculate the average total cost of producing electricity over a 25-year system lifetime) of solar PV systems remains higher than other traditional sources of energy such as coal and gas. Many governments have recognized solar power as a viable alternative to conventional power, as demonstrated by the establishment of the International Solar Alliance (“ **ISA** ”) in 2016, and have as a result, used policy initiatives to encourage or accelerate the development and adoption of solar power and other renewable energy sources. The solar power industry is heavily influenced by government regulations and policies, as well as policies adopted by electric utilities companies. Examples of government-sponsored financial incentives to promote solar power include capital cost rebates, feed-in tariffs, tax credits, net metering and other incentives to end-users, distributors, system integrators and manufacturers of solar products. For example, in India, complementary central and state government policies, such as the National Tariff Policy in 2016 together with infrastructure support through the Solar Park Policy in 2014 has continued to drive growth of the solar power industry. Similarly, in Africa and the Middle East, government initiatives, such as South Africa’s Renewable Energy IPP Procurement Programme and Dubai’s Clean Energy 2050 plan, have also driven the solar power industry’s growth. However, government incentive programs are expected to gradually decrease in scope or be discontinued as solar power technology improves and becomes more affordable relative to other types of energy. Governments may reduce or eliminate existing incentive programs for political, financial or any other reasons, which is difficult for us to predict. In addition, an economic downturn could impair the fiscal ability of some governments to maintain existing incentive programs or to offer new incentive programs. Electric utilities companies that do not use solar energy and that have significant political lobbying power may also seek legislative changes in their markets that may materially and adversely affect the development and commercial acceptance of solar power. Until the solar power industry reaches such a scale that it becomes cost-effective on non-subsidized basis, a significant reduction in the scope or discontinuation of government incentive programs could reduce demand for solar power projects and, as a result, cause a decrease in the demand for our services and solutions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_42. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse interpretation or application of tax laws and regulations, may materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, future financial performance, the trading price of the Equity Shares, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Currently, we have a presence across 26 countries. We use our subsidiaries and branch offices (which include SWPL’s branch offices) globally for our operations. As a result, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by changes in law, or interpretations of existing laws, rules and regulations, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations in India and other 

48 

countries, applicable to us and our business, including potentially adverse tax consequences, such as scrutiny of transfer pricing arrangements by authorities in the countries in which we operate, or implementation of potential tariffs and other barriers to trade. 

Governmental and regulatory bodies in India and other countries may enact new regulations or policies, which may require us to obtain approvals and licenses from applicable governments and other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations, in addition to those which we are in the process of obtaining. Any such changes and the related legal uncertainties with respect to the implementation of new regulations or owing to the overlap of different legal regimes may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

For example, in India, as of July 1, 2017, a national goods and service tax (“ **GST** ”) replaced taxes levied by central and state governments with a unified tax regime in respect of certain goods and services for the whole of India. However, given the recent introduction of the GST in India, there is no well-established practice regarding the implementation of, and compliance with, GST. Further, as GST is implemented, we cannot assure you that we will not be required to comply with additional procedures or obtain additional approvals and licenses from the government and other regulatory bodies or that they will not impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations. As the taxation system in India will see significant changes as a result of GST, its consequent effects cannot be determined at present and we cannot assure you that such effects will not have a material adverse effect our business, future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

The application of GST and other applicable laws, rules and regulations to our business or to our equipment suppliers, now or in the future, may be subject to interpretation by relevant authorities, and, if amended or notified, could result in increased tax payments to us (prospectively or retrospectively) or to our equipment suppliers (thereby increasing their costs and the rates they charge us for their services), which could affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Further, there is a risk that the Indian Income Tax Department may assess our tax liability to be materially different from the provision that we have carried in our books for the past periods. 

**_43. Changes in international trade policies and the imposition of trade barriers or anti-dumping duties on solar equipment imports may increase our costs and materially and adversely affect our margins, growth prospects and results of operations._** 

Changes in international trade policies, increases or changes in duties, quotas, tariffs and other trade restrictions may affect our ability to import raw materials from suppliers in certain countries. The Ministry of Finance of the Government of India recently imposed a safeguard duty at the rate of 25% _ad valorem_ minus anti-dumping duty payable on the import of solar panels from July 30, 2018 to July 29, 2019 (inclusive), which will be lowered to a safeguard duty at the rate of 20% from July 30, 2019 to January 29, 2020 (inclusive) and 15% for the six months from January 30, 2019 to July 29, 2020 (inclusive). Such safeguard duty will not apply to import of solar panels from countries notified as developing countries by the Central Board of Excise and Customs, Department of Revenue, Ministry of Finance, pursuant to notification no. 19/2016-Customs (N.T.) dated February 5, 2016, as amended except the People’s Republic of China and Malaysia. While certain solar power producers approached the High Court of Orissa and obtained an interim stay on July 23, 2018, the Supreme Court of India overturned this order on September 10, 2018, and accordingly, while the proceedings remain ongoing, the safeguard duty continues to be in effect. 

Further, pursuant to the Public Procurement (Preference to Make in India) Order, 2017 dated June 15, 2017 issued by the DIPP (the “ **Make in India Order** ”) to promote the manufacture and production of goods and services in India, with a view to enhancing income and employment, the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy, Government of India (“ **MNRE** ”) issued the Memorandum of Implementation of Public Procurement (Preference to Make in India) Order for Renewable Energy Sector, dated December 11, 2018 (“ **Make in India Renewable Energy Order** ”), directing all departments, attached offices or subordinate offices of the MNRE or autonomous bodies controlled by the Government of India or government companies (as defined under the Companies Act) to adhere to the Make in India Order with respect to all of their procurements. Grid-connected solar power projects, apart from civil construction, central ministries, departments, and central public sector undertakings, are required to give preference to domestically manufactured components, with solar PV modules required to be 100% locally manufactured and other components such as inverters required to be at least 40% locally manufactured. With respect to off-grid or decentralized solar power projects (apart from civil construction projects) the requirement of local content in solar street lights, solar 

49 

home lighting systems, solar power packs or micro grids, solar water pumps, inverters, batteries and any other solar PV balance of system is at least 70%. However, products purchased for research and development purpose or demonstration projects are exempt from the Make in India Renewable Energy Order. If the procurement exceeds ` 100 million, the local supplier would be required to provide a certificate from the statutory or cost auditor of the company or from a practicing cost or chartered accountant, giving the percentage of local content. 

In September 2018, the President of the United States announced the imposition of tariffs of 10% to a list of imports from China that includes PV inverters and module level power electronics. These tariffs were originally scheduled to increase to 25% on January 1, 2019, but the increase has been delayed while negotiations between the United States and China continue. Our various inverter suppliers are still determining how they will manage these tariffs. We are currently seeing various responses to the 10% tariff, ranging from no price increases to passing on the majority of the tariff to the purchaser. We are also seeing a disparity in supplier pricing in relation to the potential implementation of the 25% tariff. Additionally, it remains unclear whether the tariff applies to all components that accompany an inverter, or just the inverter itself. 

Such measures could further increase the cost to us of solar panels and other system components and any ability to pass on these costs to our customers could potentially cause a material adverse effect on our costs, results of operations and business prospects. If we are required to pay higher prices, accept less favourable terms or purchase solar modules or other system components from alternative, higher-priced sources, or if supply is otherwise constrained, our costs may increase significantly and it may be less economically beneficial for us to serve certain markets, which would materially and adversely affect our margins, results of operations and growth prospects. 

**_44. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and may have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

The Indian economy is influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including, but not limited to, the conditions in the United States, Europe and certain economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, materially and adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and its business. 

Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby impact the Indian economy. Financial disruptions in the future could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

The global credit and equity markets have experienced substantial dislocations, liquidity disruptions and market corrections. In Europe, the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union, and any prolonged period of uncertainty which results, could have a significant negative impact on international markets. These could include further falls in stock exchange indices and/or greater volatility of markets in general due to the increased uncertainty. These and other related events could have a significant impact on the global credit and financial markets as a whole, and could result in reduced liquidity, greater volatility, widening of credit spreads and a lack of price transparency in the global credit and financial markets. 

There are also concerns that a tightening of monetary policy in emerging markets and some developed markets will lead to a moderation in global growth. In particular, as China is one of India’s major trading partners, there are rising concerns regarding the United States limiting trade and/or imposing a tariff on imports from China and of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy. Such factors might also result in a slowdown in India’s export growth momentum and could materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial performance. 

In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, have implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term impact of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have had the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption in the future could have a material adverse effect on our cost of funding, loan 

50 

portfolio, business, future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. Adverse economic developments overseas in countries where we have operations could have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

**_45. Any constraints in the availability of the electricity grid, including our inability to obtain access to transmission lines in a timely and cost-effective manner, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flow._** 

Solar power projects and our customers rely on transmission lines and other transmission and distribution facilities to transmit power to electricity grids. If transmission and distribution networks are not readily available, which is the case in certain countries in which we operate, we engage contractors to build transmission lines and other related infrastructure, which may extend project timelines and increase project costs. Transmission and distribution facilities are typically owned and operated by state governments or public entities and in many of the countries in which we operate, including India, power transmission infrastructure, including the electricity grid, is less developed than in many more developed countries. As a result, the transmission and dispatch of the full output of our renewable energy assets may be curtailed due to fluctuating power voltages, causing grid constraints, such as grid congestion and restrictions on transmission capacity of the grid. Due to less developed grid infrastructure where our energy assets are established, the electricity generated by solar power projects in such areas may cause frequency disturbances that may lead to power curtailments, a limitation that we currently face. Such events could reduce the net power generation of renewable energy assets. If construction of renewable energy assets outpaces transmission capacity of electricity grids, we may be dependent on the construction and upgrade of grid infrastructure by the government or public entities of those countries. We cannot assure you that the relevant government or public entities will do so in a timely manner, or at all, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on the solar power industry, and consequently on our business, results of operations and cash flow. 

**_46. If global inflation rates were to rise, we may not be able to increase the prices of our services in order to pass costs on to our customers and our profits may decline. This may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Global inflation rates have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. According to CRISIL Research, inflation rates have risen strongly in regions like Africa, while in regions like India, the Middle East, the United States and South America, inflation rates are expected to remain moderate. Increasing inflation could cause a rise in the price of transportation, wages, raw materials and other expenses, and we may be unable to reduce our costs or fully pass the increased costs on to our customer by increasing the price that we charge for our services, and our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations may therefore be materially and adversely affected. 

**_47. Significant differences exist between Indian Accounting Standards (“IndAS”) and other accounting principles, such as the generally accepted accounting principles in the US (“US GAAP”) and International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), which may be material to an investor’s assessment of our financial condition._** 

The financial statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus have been prepared in accordance with IndAS, as applicable, in the relevant period of reporting. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from IndAS. Accordingly, the degree to which the IndAS financial statements, which are restated as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

**_48. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have a material adverse effect on the trading price of, and returns on, our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the 

51 

time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend foreign investors receive. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Equity Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have a material adverse effect on the trading price of our Equity Shares and returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

**_49. Government regulation of foreign ownership of Indian securities may have a material adverse effect on the price of the Equity Shares._** 

Foreign ownership of Indian securities is subject to regulation by the Government of India (“ **GoI** ”). In accordance with foreign exchange regulations currently in effect in India, under certain circumstances, the Reserve Bank of India (“ **RBI** ”) must approve the sale of the Equity Shares from a non-resident of India to a resident of India or vice-versa if the sale does not meet certain requirements specified by the RBI. Additionally, any person who seeks to convert Indian Rupee proceeds from any such sale into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India is required to obtain a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. As provided in the foreign exchange controls currently in effect in India, the RBI has provided that the price at which the Equity Shares are transferred will be calculated in accordance with internationally accepted pricing methodology for the valuation of shares at an arm’s length basis, and a higher (or lower, as applicable) price per share may not be permitted. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other government agency can be obtained on terms favourable to a non-resident investor in a timely manner or at all. Because of possible delays in obtaining requisite approvals, investors in the Equity Shares may be prevented from realizing gains during periods of price increase and/or limiting losses during periods of price decline. This may have a material adverse effect on the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **Risks Related to the Offer** 

**_50. We will continue to be controlled by our Promoters after the completion of the Offer._** 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters hold 99.10% of our issued, subscribed and paidup Equity Share capital. Upon completion of the Offer, our Promoters will continue to exercise control over us, which will allow them to vote together on certain matters in our general meetings. Accordingly, the interests of our Promoters in their capacity as our Shareholders may conflict with your interests and the interests of our other shareholders. 

# **_51. We cannot assure payment of dividends on the Equity Shares in the future._** 

While any declarations of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and subject to Shareholder approval as set out in the chapter entitled “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 190 of this Red Herring Prospectus, the amount of future dividend payments by us, if any, will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditures, applicable Indian legal restrictions and other factors. We may decide to retain all of our earnings to finance the development and expansion of its business and therefore, we may not declare dividends on the Equity Shares. Additionally, in the future, we may be restricted by the terms of our loan agreements to make any dividend payments unless otherwise agreed with our lenders. 

# **_52. After the Offer, the price of our Equity Shares may be highly volatile, or an active trading market for our Equity Shares may not develop._** 

The price of our Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges may fluctuate after the Offer as a result of several factors, including: volatility in the Indian and global securities market; our operations and performance; performance of our competitors; adverse media reports about us or the solar power projects industry generally; changes in the estimates of our performance or recommendations by financial analysts; significant developments in India’s economic liberalization and deregulation policies; and significant developments in India’s fiscal regulations. There has been no public market for our Equity Shares prior to the Offer and the price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate after the Offer. 

If the stock price of the Equity Shares fluctuates after the Offer, investors could lose a significant part of their investment. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there is no market for the Equity Shares. Following 

52 

the Offer, the Equity Shares are expected to trade on the Stock Exchanges. We cannot assure you that active trading in the Equity Shares will develop after the Offer or, if such trading develops, that it will continue. Investors might not be able to sell the Equity Shares rapidly at the quoted price if there is no active trading in the Equity Shares. 

# **_53. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of Equity Shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold **.** The Finance Act, 2018 has levied taxes on such long-term capital gains exceeding ` 0.10 million arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while continuing to exempt the unrealized capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on such equity shares. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long-term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of STT, on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short-term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares may be partially exempt or exempt from taxation in India in cases where such exemption is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain resulting from the sale of the equity shares. 

# **_54. The Offer Price of our Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price will be determined pursuant to the Book Building Process and may not be indicative of prices that will prevail in the open market following the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

- the failure of security analysts to cover the Equity Shares after this Offer, or changes in the estimates of our performance by analysts; 

- the activities of competitors and suppliers; 

- future sales of the Equity Shares by us or our shareholders; 

- investor perception of us and the industry in which we operate; 

- our quarterly or annual earnings or those of our competitors; 

- developments affecting fiscal, industrial or environmental regulations; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases and adverse media reports; and 

- general economic conditions. 

As a result of these factors, investors may not be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. In addition, the stock market often experiences price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of a particular company. These broad market fluctuations and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of the Equity Shares, regardless of our performance. There can be no assurance that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

# **_55. Investors may have difficulty enforcing foreign judgments against us or our management._** 

We are a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of India. The majority of our Directors are residents of India. A substantial portion of our assets and the assets of our Directors resident in India are located in India. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process upon us or such persons outside India or to enforce judgments obtained against us or such parties outside India. 

Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (“ **CPC** ”) on a statutory basis. Section 13 of the CPC provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated upon, except: (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction; (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of 

53 

the case; (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or a refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable; (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice; (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud; and (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the CPC, a court in India shall, upon the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. However, under the CPC, such presumption may be displaced by proving that the court did not have jurisdiction. 

India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. Section 44A of the CPC provides that where a foreign judgment has been rendered by a superior court, within the meaning of that Section, in any country or territory outside of India which the GoI has by notification declared to be in a reciprocating territory, it may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgment had been rendered by the relevant court in India. However, Section 44A of the CPC is applicable only to monetary decrees not being of the same nature as amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges of a like nature or of a fine or other penalties. The United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong have been declared by the Government of India to be reciprocating countries for the purposes of Section 44A of the CPC. 

The United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments, other than arbitration awards, in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in the United States on civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the federal securities laws of the United States, would not be enforceable in India. However, the party in whose favour such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States. The suit must be brought in India within three years from the date of the judgment in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a civil liability in India. 

Further, there may be considerable delays in the disposal of suits by Indian courts. It is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action was brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce a foreign judgment if that court were of the view that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy or Indian practice. It is uncertain as to whether an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments that would contravene or violate Indian law. However, a party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain approval from the RBI under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 2000 (“ **FEMA** ”) to execute such a judgment or to repatriate any amount recovered. 

**_56. QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after closure of the Offer._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Bidders can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until closure of the Offer. 

Therefore, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders would not be able to withdraw or lower their Bids, notwithstanding adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations or financial condition, or otherwise, between the dates of the submission of their Bids and the Allotment. 

While we are required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

54 

**_57. Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding and sales of the Equity Shares by any of our Promoters or other major shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth, whether organic or inorganic, through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in us. Any future issuances of Equity Shares (including under any employee benefit scheme) or the disposal of Equity Shares by any of our Promoters or the perception that such issuance or sales may occur, including to comply with the minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of the Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that shareholders will not dispose of Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of your investment in the Equity Shares. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of the Equity Shares. 

**_58. We will not receive any proceeds from the Offer. Our Selling Shareholders will receive the entire proceeds from the Offer._** 

This Offer comprises an offer for sale by the Promoter Selling Shareholders. The Net Proceeds from the Offer will be paid directly to the Promoter Selling Shareholders. We will not directly receive any Net Proceeds from the Offer and will accordingly not have direct access to such funds. However, the Promoter Selling Shareholders shall utilize a portion of the Net Offer Proceeds to fund complete repayment of loans due to our Company and Sterling and Wilson International Solar FZCO from SWPL and Sterling and Wilson International FZE (a subsidiary of SWPL), respectively, within 90 days of the listing of the Equity Shares. 

55 

