# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment decision in our Equity Shares. If anyone or a combination of the following risks actually occur, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could suffer and the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares or the industry and regions in which we operate. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may arise or may become material in the future and may also impair our business, results of operations and financial condition. To obtain a more detailed understanding of our Company, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with the sections titled “Our Business” “Industry Overview” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 119, 89 and 238, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. Potential investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to them of an investment in this Offer. Potential investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to legal and regulatory environment which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. Please see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 13._ 

_Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risks factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implication of any of the risks described in this section. Unless otherwise stated, the financial information of our Company used in this section has been derived from the Restated Financial Statements._ 

# **INTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **Risks Relating to our Business and our Industry** 

# **1.** **_The trademark for our marquee brand ‘Pigeon’ is the subject matter of litigation, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to protect the trademark in the future._** 

Our Company had registered the _‘_ PIGEON’ trademark in different classes in 2003 and 2005. In 2003, pursuant to an oral understanding with PAPL, our Associate Company, our Company permitted PAPL to manufacture certain products such as mixers and grinders under the _Pigeon_ brand for our Company. However, PAPL continued to manufacture under the ‘PIGEON’ trademark without any authorisation, therefore, in 2015, our Company terminated the oral arrangement with PAPL demanding them to stop manufacture of any item under the _Pigeon_ brand at once. In 2015, our Company filed a suit before the Additional and Sessions City Civil Judge, at Bengaluru, for seeking perpetual injunction from passing off and infringement of the ‘PIGEON’ trademark, for the classes registered by us in 2003 and 2005, in relation to unauthorized sale and manufacture of PIGEON branded products by PAPL. Our Company was granted a temporary injunction in the said suit and PAPL has been restrained from using the ‘PIGEON’ trademark for, _inter-alia,_ the manufacture and sale of kitchen electrical and non-electrical appliances. The matter is currently pending, and there can be no assurance that the final judgement of the court will be favourable to us. For details in relation to the suit, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments- Material outstanding civil litigation by our Company_ ” on page 262. Further, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully protect the trademark against any claims made in the future, and in the event that there is an adverse claim or judgment passed against us in the future in relation to the trademarks, we may be unable to use the brand name or derive the benefits associated with the goodwill of the brand name, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. During the six month period ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2019 and Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, _Pigeon_ branded products contributed 76.90%, 80.86%, 86.20%, 81.24% and 86.89%, respectively to our overall sales. As such, in the event that we are unable to successfully protect the ‘PIGEON’ trademark, it may have an adverse impact on our business condition and results of operations. Further, in the past, certain of our trademark applications have been opposed by third parties before the trademark registry. For details in relation to the applications made for registration of trademarks, see “ _Government and Other Approvals”_ on page 265. 

**2.** **_We source our raw materials from third parties with whom we do not have long term contract or price guarantees._** 

Our business operations are significantly dependent on local third parties at all stages of product development and sales. Further, we import some of our raw material, such as glasses components, aluminum, steel and from foreign suppliers. In Fiscal 2020, and during the six month period ended September 30, 2020, we imported raw material worth ₹706.81 million and ₹428.67 million, respectively. Our principal raw materials, aluminum, aluminum derivatives and steel, are sourced from third party suppliers, and purchased on a purchase order basis. We also source certain equipment such as roller coating line and channel making machine of LPG unit from foreign suppliers. In the event of a discontinuation or closure of the foreign 

19 

suppliers for these equipment, we may not be able to source identical raw materials and equipment from local sources which may lead to increase in production costs and consequently affect the pricing of our products. Non-availability of such raw materials of identical quality from local suppliers may lead to deterioration in quality of such products, which may lead loss of our reputation. The quality of our products is primarily derived from the quality of our raw materials, and any deterioration in the quality of raw materials supplied to us will have an adverse effect on the quality of our products, market reputation and sales volumes. There can be no guarantee that we will be able to maintain our current line-up of suppliers or adequate supply of such raw materials at all times. We source our raw materials on the basis of purchase orders, and do not have long term contracts with our raw material suppliers. An unforeseen shortage of raw materials in the future may adversely impact our results of operations. Further, due to COVID-19 and the consequent lock down imposed by the GoI (“ **COVID-19 Lockdown** ”) our supply of imported products was disrupted. During the period of the initial lockdown (i.e., between March 25, 2020 and May 3, 2020), our Company could, on aggregate import traded goods and raw material valued at approximately Rs. 14.90 million, as compared to the typical average monthly import of approximately Rs. 150 million. Accordingly, the revenues generated from our sale of traded products reduced to Rs. 626.51 million for the six month period ended September 30, 2020, as compared to Rs. 935.97 million for the six month period ended September 30, 2019. In the event a subsequent lockdown is announced due to the pandemic, we may not be able to source adequate and/ or quality raw material at a reasonable price which will have an adverse impact on our manufacturing operations. 

Additionally, the prices of our primary raw materials are volatile and fluctuate based on a number of factors outside our influence, including the price of steel and aluminium. During the six month period ended September 30, 2020, September 30, 2019 and Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, our cost of goods sold (aggregate of cost of materials consumed, purchase of stock in trade and changes in inventories of finished goods, work-in-progress and stock-in-trade) was 65.24%, 65.04%, 65.96%, 68.44% and 66.84% of our total revenue from operations, respectively. We depend on a limited number of raw material suppliers for all of our raw material requirements, and there can be no assurance that we will continue to be able to source our raw materials from such suppliers in the future in the amounts required for our manufacturing purposes, or at all. In the event that one or more of our suppliers discontinues the supply of raw materials to us, there is a change in terms which are less favourable to us, we may not be able to find a new supplier to meet our raw material requirements. Further, there can be no assurance that the price of our raw materials will not increase in the future or that we will be able to recover such increases in costs from our customers. 

Additionally, prices of certain raw materials used in our products among our product portfolio, including steel and aluminium, are volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and international supply and demand, labour costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations and periodic delays in delivery. Rapid and significant changes in such raw materials may affect the production price and consequently the market price of these products. Additionally, we may be unable to pass the entire impact of the rise in the prices of raw materials to our customers, which may result in lower profit margins for our business. Further, any increase in the selling price of our products may adversely impact the demand for our products, our sales and consequently our profit margins. 

# **3.** **_We rely heavily on our brand portfolio, and our inability to successfully maintain and promote our brand portfolio may adversely affect our results of operations._** 

We believe that the market perception of our brands is one of the key factors for the sustained demand of our products amongst consumers. Our business performance is substantially dependent upon the continued success of our Pigeon and Gilma brands. We spent ₹49.31 million, ₹119.64 million, ₹316.26 million, ₹227.01 million and ₹161.73 million, on our business promotion and advertisement expenses during the six month periods ended September 30, 2020. September 30, 2019 and for Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. A brand’s reputational value is based in large part on consumer perceptions, and even an isolated incident that causes harm, particularly one resulting in widespread negative publicity, could adversely influence consumer perceptions and erode consumer trust and confidence in the brand. We believe that continuing to develop awareness of our brands, through focused and consistent branding and marketing initiatives is important for our ability to increase our sales volumes and our revenues, grow our existing market share and expand into new markets and new product categories. Consequently, product defects, consumer complaints, or negative publicity or media reports involving us, or any of our brands or products or any specific product could harm our brands and reputation and may dilute the impact of our branding and marketing initiatives and adversely affect our business and prospects. Negative media coverage regarding the safety or quality of our products or any specific product, and the resulting negative publicity, could materially and adversely affect the level of consumer recognition of, and trust in us or our brands and our products. Any negative publicity or disputes involving our brands could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Currently, in addition to brick and mortar stores, we list our products on various e-commerce websites and our customers are increasingly using such platforms to provide feedback and information about products and store experiences, in a manner that can be quickly and broadly disseminated. Our brands could be damaged by any negative publicity on social media platforms or by claims or perceptions about the quality or safety of the products sold at our stores, regardless of whether such claims or perceptions are true. Any untoward incidents such as litigation or negative publicity, whether isolated or recurring and whether originating from us or otherwise, affecting our business, or suppliers, can significantly reduce our brand value and consumer trust. 

We believe that a large part of the success of our brands is attributable to the after sales services provided by our in-house service personnel, and any deficiency in such after sales services may adversely impact the reputation of our brands. Further, 

20 

we may not be able to collect customer feedback in an adequate or frequent manner, or implement it effectively to improve our products and services, which may adversely impact the development of products in the future for new product and market segments. 

# **4.** **_Our business and results of operations have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by the ongoing COVID19 outbreak and associated responses._** 

Beginning in December 2019, a new strain of the coronavirus (COVID-19) has spread rapidly throughout the world, including in India. The World Health Organisation has declared the COVID-19 outbreak a health emergency of international concern and has categorised the COVID-19 virus outbreak as a pandemic. COVID-19 associated responses have adversely affected workforces, consumer sentiment, economies and financial markets around the world, including in India, and have created significant uncertainty for our business. In order to contain the spread of the COVID-19, the Government of India along with State Governments declared a lockdown of the country, including severe travel and transport restrictions and a directive to all citizens to shelter in place. COVID-19 and the measures taken to reduce the spread of the virus have had and are likely to continue to have negative impacts on our business, such as disruptions in our operations, limitations on our employees’ ability to work and travel, significant changes in the economic or political conditions in India, currency, commodity and financial market volatility, restrictions in our ability to access and source raw materials as well as products in which we trade, deteriorations in consumer sentiment, and changes in the behaviour, preferences and needs of our customers. 

As a result of the COVID-19 Lockdown, our manufacturing facilities in Bengaluru and Baddi were closed for 42 and 34 days, respectively, which resulted in ceasing of our manufacturing and sales activities during that period. The manufacturing activities at our Baddi facility resumed on April 26, 2020, and the manufacturing activities at our Bengaluru facility resumed on May 4, 2020. Upon resumption of manufacturing activities, our factories worked at reduced capacity during the month of May 2020, on account of reduced availability of labour due to COVID-19 pandemic. For information regarding the number of units manufactured in our Bengaluru and Baddi Facilities, please see “ _Our Business – Bangalore Facility_ ” and “ _Our Business – Baddi Facility_ ” on pages 128 and 131 of this Red Herring Prospectus, respectively. The lockdown also resulted in disruption in our supply of imported products. During the period of the initial lockdown (i.e., between March 25, 2020 and May 3, 2020), our Company could, on aggregate import traded goods and raw material valued at approximately ₹14.90 million, as compared to the typical average monthly import of approximately ₹150 million. Accordingly, the revenues generated from our sale of traded products reduced to ₹626.51 million for the six month period ended September 30, 2020, as compared to ₹935.97 million for the six month period ended September 30, 2019. 

Additionally, the number of C&F agents of our Company reduced from 13 as at October 31, 2019 to nine as at September 30, 2020. This was primarily on account of low sales volume in certain areas where some of the C&F agents did not wish to continue their operations since it was unviable for them to continue their operations. Further, as a result of lower revenues during the months of April 2020 and May 2020 and stress on general liquidity situation in the market, the collection of receivables by Company was impacted. As a matter of abundant caution, our Company utilized the moratorium on interest and principal, announced by the RBI, with two banks out of the four banks and other financial institutions, with whom our Company has credit limits. Our Company also had to undertake certain other measures on account of the reduced cash flows, such as temporary reduction in salaries of certain classes of employees, and discharge of obligations to vendors in a graded manner. 

Given the dynamic nature of this outbreak, the extent to which the COVID-19 and associated responses, the impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which remain highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted at this time. If the outbreak continues for an extended period, reoccurs or increases in severity, it could have an adverse effect on economic activity and financial markets in India, and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations and the trading price of the Equity Shares and other securities. Similarly, any other future public health epidemics or outbreak of contagious disease in India or elsewhere could also materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. See also “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations— Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations_ ”, on page 239. 

# **5.** **_Our operations are significantly dependent on third parties for the distribution and sales of our products._** 

We are dependent on third parties in relation to our distribution and sales. All our products are distributed and sold through third party retail stores and other channels of retail, over which we have limited control. For instance, while we enter into agreements with C&F agents and distributors in the normal course of business, such agreements are typically not long-term contracts, and there can be no assurance that our products will continue to have the same geographical outreach as enjoyed presently. Further, we have limited control over the activities of our C&F Agents from the time that our products are transported to their warehouse, up to the stage of sale of the products. In the event that the C&F Agents are unable to accommodate all our products as per the demand of our products for a particular region, or if there are any accidents at the stage of warehousing or transportation, the insurance obtained by the C&F Agents may not be sufficient to cover the losses suffered by us. We depend on third party logistics service providers for the transportation of raw materials to our manufacturing facilities, and for the distribution of finished products to C&F agents. Any disruption in the logistics, including at the level of the transportation agencies or the C&F agents, may impact our ability to reach the markets with our finished products within the desired timelines, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of 

21 

operations. 

# **6.** **_There are various proceedings involving our Company, our Promoters and our Director which if determined against us or our Promoters or our Director, may have an adverse effect on our business._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company and our Promoter, who is also the Managing Director, which are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and other authorities. Such proceedings could divert management time and attention and consume financial resources in their defense or prosecution. The amounts claimed in these proceedings have been disclosed to the extent ascertainable and quantifiable and include amounts claimed jointly and severally from our Company. Any unfavorable decision in connection with such proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. The list of such outstanding legal proceedings as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus are set out below: 

|**Nature of cases**|**No. of cases**|**Total amount involved (in ₹ million)**|
|---|---|---|
|**Against our Company**|||
|Criminal cases|1|-|
|Civil cases|1|8.09|
|Tax|11|95.15|
|Actions bystatutoryand regulatoryauthorities|21|56.40|
|**Against our Promoters**|||
|Criminal cases|4|-|
|Civil cases|1|6.80|
|Actions by statutory and regulatory authorities|2|-|
|**Against our Directors**|||
|Criminal cases|4|-|
|Civil cases|1|6.80|
|Actions by statutory and regulatory authorities|2|-|



We cannot assure you that any of these matters will be decided in favour of our Company or in favour of our Promoter who is also our Managing Director or that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. An adverse outcome in any of these proceedings could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and reputation. For details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 257. 

# **7.** **_Our Promoter and Managing Director, Rajendra Gandhi, may be required to vacate his directorship from our Board._** 

Our Associate, PAPL, has received a notice dated February 13, 2017 from the RoC under sections 92 and 96 read with section 403 of the Companies Act, 2013 in relation to the non-filing of annual returns by PAPL for Fiscal 2015. Our Promoter and Managing Director, Rajendra Gandhi, is one of the directors on the board of PAPL. Under section 164(2) of the Companies Act, 2013, any person who is or has been a director of a company which has not filed its financial statements or annual returns for any continuous period of three Fiscals, is ineligible to be re-appointed as a director of that company or appointed in other company for a period of five years from the date of failure of the company to make the filings. Pursuant to a reply dated May 16, 2017 to the RoC notice, the directors of PAPL have clarified to the RoC that the delay in filing of annual returns occurred due to a deadlock in management of PAPL, due to which the accounts were not finalized and the annual general meeting was not conducted. On April 17, 2018, Rajendra Gandhi received a notice from the RoC, asking him to show cause as to why PAPL should not be struck off under the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013. In response, a reply dated May 23, 2018, has been sent to the RoC, requesting the RoC to withdraw the notice. Further, the RoC was intimated that PAPL had approached the NCLT, Bengaluru bench in this regard, and a copy of the petition filed by PAPL before the NCLT was also submitted with the RoC. Our Company and our Promoter and Managing Director, Rajendra Gandhi subsequently also filed an interim application before the NCLT on May 30, 2018 praying NCLT to direct the ROC to maintain status quo by not striking off PAPL and to not disqualify Rajendra Gandhi from directorships of other companies, until the disposal of the main petition. 

The NCLT by an order on July 18, 2018 directed the ROC to maintain the status quo and not to disqualify Rajendra Gandhi until the disposal of the petition. Further, the NCLT has directed the appointment of an independent chairman of the Board and both the parties have filed a memo with the NCLT with a list of issues which the independent chairman would be required to address. The NCLT pursuant to its order dated December 11, 2019, has appointed an independent chairman for PAPL. A meeting of the board of directors of PAPL was held on January 13, 2020 where the independent chairman, inter alia, examined the latest financial statements of PAPL and recommended the appointment of a statutory auditor to audit the financial statements pertaining to financial year 2015-19. Subsequently, meetings of the board of directors of PAPL were held on March 27, 2020 and May 4, 2020 and an extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders of PAPL was held on June 12, 2020 pursuant to which statutory auditors have been appointed to audit the financial statements of PAPL. On June 18, 2020, the independent chairman filed a memo with the NCLT in relation to outstanding fees payable to him by PAPL. For further details in relation to the petition, pending before the NCLT, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 257. 

While the matter is currently pending before the NCLT and the RoC, in the event that an adverse or a final order is passed by the NCLT and the interim stay is vacated/dismissed, the RoC may inter alia, include the name of our Managing Director, Rajendra Gandhi in the list of directors who are disqualified to be reappointed on the board of PAPL or to be appointed on 

22 

the board of another company. Further, in terms section 167 of the Companies Act, in case of any director incurring disqualification under section 164(2) of the Companies Act, 2013, the office of such director is required to become vacant in all other companies. In the event, PAPL and its directors are held to be in violation of section 164(2) of the Companies Act, 2013, our Promoter and Managing Director, Rajendra Gandhi, may be required to vacate his directorship in our Company. Our Promoter and Managing Director, Rajendra Gandhi, is instrumental to the growth and operations of our Company, and his disqualification will have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **8.** 

# **_Our Promoter, Rajendra Gandhi, has been named as a respondent in certain criminal and civil proceedings._** 

Our Promoter, Rajendra Gandhi, has been named as a respondent in certain criminal and civil proceedings. For instance, in 2006, the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (“ **KSPCB** ”) filed a criminal complaint against our Promoter, Rajendra Gandhi and our Company before the Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate, Bengaluru (“ **ACMM Court** ”) in relation to, inter alia, the alleged violation of section 21 of the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 (“ **Air Act** ”). The KSPCB has alleged that our Company operated its erstwhile facility situated at No. 28/1, Adjacent to AGS Layout, 3rd Main Road, Arehalli Village, Uttarahalli Hobli, Bengaluru without obtaining the requisite consents under Air Act. Further, criminal proceedings have also been initiated against our Promoter, Rajendra Gandhi by State of Karnataka at the instance of Deputy Director of Factories, Bangalore Division-3, Bangalore in relation to an accident at our Bengaluru facility, which caused injuries to our employee. 

An FIR has been filed against our Promoter, Rajendra Gandhi, by Raju in relation to an accident that took place in our Bengaluru facility on November 13, 2018, resulting in two casualties and injury to 13 other workmen. For further details in relation to these matters, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 257. For further details in relation to the accident that took place in our Bengaluru facility on November 13, 2018, see “ _Risk Factor - There may be a delay in production at, or shutdown of, any of our manufacturing facilities or at any of the third party manufacturing facilities we use for the sourcing of our products and packaging material_ ” on page 26. The aforementioned proceedings against Rajendra Gandhi are currently pending, and there can be no assurance that the relevant judicial forums will dismiss the complaints or rule in favour of the respondents. Any conviction of Rajendra Gandhi or any decision which is not in favour of the persons named in the complaints for the alleged offences may lead to negative publicity and affect our business, reputation and results of operations. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 257. 

# **9.** 

# **_We rely on third party OEMs for the sourcing of some of our products, which are not manufactured by us in India._** 

We rely upon third-party OEMs for the sourcing of some of our products. For the six month periods ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2019 and Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, such traded products contributed 19.21%, 29.82%, 27.59%, 31.63% and 31.50%, respectively, to our total revenues. While such traded products are manufactured on the basis of specifications provided by us and under the supervision and monitoring of our sourcing team, we have limited control over the manufacturing and quality control processes, and any defects discovered in such products may have an adverse impact on our brand reputation and results of operations. 

# **10.** 

# **_Our manufacturing facilities are situated on land which may be subject to regulatory action and litigation._** 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have two manufacturing facilities, one in Bengaluru, Karnataka and the other at Baddi, Himachal Pradesh. Our manufacturing facility in Bengaluru admeasuring 46 acres and five guntas is situated on several contiguous parcels of land, a majority of which are owned by our Company. Further, in respect of the land parcels comprising the Bengaluru facility, as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus: 

- 0.30% which is equivalent to five guntas of the land parcels within our factory premises have not been converted from agricultural use to non-agricultural use; 

- 1.80% which is equivalent to 31 guntas of the land parcels which are held by our Company are yet to be registered in the name of our Company; 

- our Company has received show cause notices from the Kanakapura Planning Authority in relation to failure to obtain the requisite approvals from KPA for carrying our industrial development program on 15.70% of the land parcels which is equivalent to 6 acres 37 guntas; and 

- our Promoter, Rajendra Gandhi, has received a notice from the Tahsildar, Kanakapura Taluk, in relation to submitting proof of being an agriculturist in relation of holding 2.78% which is equivalent to 1 acre and 5 guntas of the land parcels which are marked for agricultural use Subsequently, pursuant to the order dated March 13, 2020 passed by the Sub-Divisional Magistrate, Ramanagara Sub-Division, Ramanagara the notice received against Rajendra Gandhi has been withdrawn and no further action has been taken against our Promoter by any regulatory authority in this regard. 

The fair market value of the land parcels which are owned by the Promoter and third parties are not mentioned in the balance sheet. However, the fair market value of the land parcels on which notices have been received is ₹131.58 million. Further, the total value of the lands of the Company is ₹867.08 million. 

23 

In the event that our Company or our Promoter, Rajendra Gandhi are held to be in violation of the aforementioned regulatory requirements, it may result in inter alia, the underlying land parcel being forfeited by the government authorities and the eviction of our Company from the premises. Further, it may result in an order against our Company to discontinue the use of the underlying land parcel and restoring the land to its original condition. While no part of the land for which we have received notices forms part of the factories in our manufacturing facilities, a substantial portion of our manufacturing activity is undertaken at our Bengaluru Facility, and for the six month period ended September 30, 2020 and Fiscal 2020, it contributed 79.75% and 72.29%, respectively, to our overall production volumes. There can be no assurance that the regulatory authorities will not pass an adverse order against our Company or our Promoter, Rajendra Gandhi, or that our Company or our Promoter may be able to obtain the requisite approvals within the prescribed timelines or at all. Any impact on the underlying lands on which our manufacturing facilities are built will have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, in the event that we are required to set up our manufacturing facilities at any other place, we may not achieve the current economies of scale, and may incur high raw material cost, transportation cost, high rent, high warehouse charges, which in turn impact profitability. 

# **11.** 

# **_Expansion into new geographic regions and markets may subject us to various challenges._** 

We intend to increase the sales and distribution of our products in Indian states where large markets exist for the segments in which we operate, as well as introduce new products and brands in the states where we currently operate. However, for the products manufactured and sold by us under our Gilma brand, we have limited experience and knowledge of operating in states outside of southern India, and our foray into new geographies, or into new brands or products in the existing geographies may be subject to high barriers to entry including existing competition, local laws and market dynamics. Further, we may not be able to effectively assess the level of promotional marketing required in a particular state, and the recognition of our brands and products in such states may not be in the manner or to the extent anticipated by us. Our expansion into new geographies may also be challenging on account of our lack of familiarity with the social, political, economic and cultural conditions of these new regions, language barriers, difficulties in staffing and managing such operations and the lack of brand recognition and reputation in such regions. We may also encounter other additional anticipated risks and significant competition in such markets. Due to our limited experience in undertaking certain types of markets or offering certain services, our entry into new business segments or new geographical areas may not be successful, which could hamper our growth and damage our reputation. We may be unable to compete effectively for products in these segments. 

Further, our new business or projects may turn out to be mutually disruptive and may cause an interruption to our business as a result. If we are unable to successfully execute our growth and expansion strategies, our business, prospects and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. For instance, during this Fiscal, we started trading in products such as the pulse oximeter and manufacturing products such as infrared thermometers, floor mops and handy vegetable choppers. Our Company has limited experience in these product categories, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain or expand any of these business or product lines. Further, some of these product categories may be regulated, and we cannot assure you that all registrations and licenses required for undertaking the manufacturing and trading activities will be obtained by our Company within the required timelines, or at all. For further details in relation to the key approvals required for undertaking our business and the status of the approvals, see “ _Government and other Approvals_ ” on page 265. 

# **12.** **_The BLACK + DECKER Brand License Agreement contains certain onerous provisions and a failure to comply with certain provisions could result in adverse consequences including an event of default._** 

The BLACK + DECKER Brand License Agreement has been entered into between our Company and Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. and The Black and Decker Corporation (collectively referred to as “ **B&D** ”) in relation to licensing of certain proprietary trademarks held by B&D (“ **Black + Decker Marks** ”) to use such Black + Decker Marks for the purpose of manufacturing, distributing, marketing and selling blenders and juicers, breakfast appliances, small cooking appliances and small domestic appliances in India. The products falling under the BLACK + DECKER Brand License Agreement are new to our Company’s operations and our Company has not previously dealt with these products. Under the terms of the BLACK + DECKER Brand License Agreement, our Company is required to get all the products that it intends to sell under the Black + Decker Marks approved by B&D at the development stage and is also required to maintain certain quality standards, failing which B&D can unilaterally terminate the BLACK + DECKER Brand License Agreement. Additionally, our Company is required to achieve minimum total sales per year as laid out in the BLACK + DECKER Brand License Agreement, failing which B&D may at its sole discretion terminate the BLACK + DECKER Brand License Agreement. Further, in terms of the BLACK + DECKER Brand License Agreement we are, inter alia, required to submit to B&D a marketing plan for marketing of the BLACK + DECKER products. Additionally, in case we launch products comparable to products that are selling under the BLACK + DECKER Agreement, then we will be required to either maintain comparable or exceed quality standards of the manufacture of the products under the BLACK + DECKER Brand License Agreement. This may lead to the suppression of our own product range. 

The BLACK + DECKER Brand License Agreement stipulates that B&D shall have no liability to our Company or any other person on account of any injury, loss or damage or any other liability, costs, etc. imposed upon our Company or any other person resulting from the production, use or sale of any licensed product, or any labelling, packaging, advertising or promotional activities with respect to the licensed products. Our Company has also agreed to indemnify B&D and its officers, agents, representatives, etc. against claims, demands, damages, liabilities, expenses, losses and costs, etc. arising out of the usage of the licensed products. In the event that we are not able to comply with the provisions of the BLACK + 

24 

DECKER Brand License Agreement, including for any reason beyond our control, our business, financial condition and results of operations may get adversely impacted. Further, the BLACK + DECKER Brand License Agreement also imposes a non-compete obligation on our Company, and for the duration of the BLACK + DECKER Brand License Agreement and for a period of one year thereafter on prohibiting the sale of all the products licensed to our Company under brands which are competitive to the BLACK + DECKER brand. The non-compete enforced by the BLACK + DECKER Brand License Agreement only pertains to such products that are competitive to the BLACK + DECKER brand. Our inability to manufacture and sell certain products under brands which may be considered ‘competitive’ with the Black + Decker Marks during the term of the agreement and after its expiry, may hamper our ability to cater to our existing customers and also restrict our ability to develop and manufacture new product and product lines, which may have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 

# **13.** **_Our sales may be negatively impacted by increasing competition from companies and local firms with products similar to ours._** 

The kitchen cookware appliance business and our associated retail business operates in a highly competitive environment. We compete with other retailers that market products similar to ours. We compete with national businesses that utilize a similar retail store strategy, as well as local unorganized kitchen cookware appliance manufacturers. The sales growth in the kitchen cookware appliances industry has encouraged the entry of many new competitors, new business models, and an increase in competition from established companies, many of whom are willing to spend significant funds and/ or reduce pricing in order to gain market share. 

The competitive challenges facing us include: 

- anticipating and quickly responding to changing consumer demands or preferences better than our competitors; 

- fragmented market divided between big players accounting for about half of the market and small and regional players; 

- maintaining favourable brand recognition and achieving customer perception of value; 

- effectively marketing and competitively pricing our products to consumers in diverse market segments; 

- effectively managing and controlling our costs and pricing to effectively compete with regional players; 

- adopting a balance between high quality and pricing; 

- effectively managing increasingly competitive promotional activity; 

- effectively attracting new customers; 

- developing new innovative shopping experiences in retail stores; 

- developing innovative, high-quality products in colours and styles that appeal to consumers of varying age groups, tastes, regions, and in ways that favourably distinguish us from our competitors; and 

- effectively managing our supply chain and distribution strategies in order to provide our products to our consumers on a timely basis and minimize returns, replacements and damaged products 

In light of the many competitive challenges facing us, we may not be able to compete successfully. Increased competition could reduce our sales and impact our business condition and results of operations. 

# **14.** **_Our Group Company SAEPL is engaged primarily in manufacturing, importing and exporting of components for domestic and other appliances. Any conflict of interest which may occur between the business of SAEPL and us may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition._** 

SAEPL is engaged primarily in the business of manufacturing, importing and exporting of components for domestic and other appliances such as heating stoves for domestic application and jugs for consumer durables, a line of business similar to that of ours. Currently, SAEPL have not entered into any non-compete agreement with us. We will endeavour to take adequate steps to address any conflict of interest by adopting the necessary procedures and practices as permitted by applicable law, to address any conflict which may arise in the future. We cannot assure you that our Promoters will not favour the interests of SAEPL over our interests or that we will be able to suitably resolve any such conflict without an adverse effect on our business or operations. 

**15.** **_A land parcel forming part of our unit situated at our unit II of our manufacturing facility situated at Medamaranahalli Village, Harohalli Hobli, Kanakapura Taluk is a premise not owned by us which exposes us to certain risks._** 

25 

A vacant land parcel bearing survey number 81/4 admeasuring 5,445 sq. feet (5 guntas), and forming part of our unit II of manufacturing facility situated at Medamaranahalli Village, Harohalli Hobli, Kanakapura Taluk is a premise which is in our possession currently but is not owned by us and for which we have paid an advance consideration of ₹0.10 million to Lakshmamma (“ **Seller** ”) out of the total consideration of ₹0.31 million for the land. Additionally, the Seller is not related to the Promoters, Promoter Group/Directors/KMPs of the Company. We enjoy the possession and use of this land through an advance payment receipt in our favor by the owner of such land parcel and the land is in the process of being transferred to our Company. There can be no assurance that we will, in the future, be able to own the land completely. In the event we fail to complete the transfer of the property in our name, in time or at all, our operations may be disrupted which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **16.** **_Our Company has experienced negative cash flows from operating activities in the past. Sustained negative cash flow could impact our growth and business._** 

Our cash flows from operating activities, investing activities and financing activities in the six month period ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2019 as well as all of the three preceding Fiscals is set forth below: 

|**Particulars**||**Fiscal**<br>|||(_₹ in million_)<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Six months ended**<br>**September 30, 2020**|**Six months ended**<br>**September 30, 2019**|**2020**|**2019**|**2018**|
|Net cash generated from/(used in)<br>operating activities|496.68|(95.37)|155.78|131.72|113.04|
|Net cash used in investingactivities|(253.27)|(121.53)|(272.57)|(68.11)|(61.49)|
|Net cash generated from (used in)<br>financing activities|(340.57)|(7.32)|(18.39)|217.63|(52.97)|
|Net (decrease)/increase in cash & cash<br>equivalents|(97.16)|(224.22)|(135.18)|281.24|(1.42)|



Cash flows of a company are a key indicator to show the extent of cash generated from the operations of a company to meet capital expenditure, pay dividends, repay loans and make new investments without raising finance from external resources. If we are not able to generate sufficient cash flows, it may adversely affect our business and financial operations. For further details, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on pages 173 and 238, respectively. 

# **17.** **_There may be a delay in production at, or shutdown of, any of our manufacturing facilities or at any of the third party manufacturing facilities we use for the sourcing of our products and packaging material._** 

The success of our manufacturing activities depends inter alia, on the productivity of our workforce, compliance with regulatory requirements and the continued functioning of our manufacturing processes and machinery. Disruptions in our manufacturing activities could delay production or require us to shut down the affected manufacturing facility. Moreover, some of our products are permitted to be manufactured at only such facility which has received specific approvals, and any shut down of such facility will result in us being unable to manufacture such product for the duration of such shut down. In the last three Fiscals, the manufacturing facilities of our Company have experienced the following interruptions: 

|||_(₹ in million)_<br>|
|---|---|---|
|**Fiscal**|**Interruption**|**Financial Impact**|
|During the six month period<br>ended September 30, 2020|Our Bengaluru and Baddi facilities were shut down for 33 and 25 days,<br>respectively due to the nationwide lockdown announced by the GoI on account<br>of COVID-19.|149.00|
|2020|Our Bengaluru and Baddi facilities were shut down for nine days each due to<br>the nationwide lockdown announced by the GoI during March, 2020 on<br>account of COVID-19.|45.55|
|2019|A fire accident in our Bengaluru facility on November 13, 2018 which caused<br>the Bengaluru facilities to remain closed for one day.|13.85|
|2018|Nil|Nil|



Any interruptions in our manufacturing facilities may result in a loss of business and profits, and in certain cases, may also adversely impact our employees and workmen. For instance, there was an electrically induced fire accident occurred at the roller coating unit plant in unit II of the Company’s Bengaluru manufacturing facility on November 13, 2018. The accident was caused by the finishing machine and the aluminum powder dust extractor system. As a result, a total of 15 people were injured because of the Accident, out of which two (including one who was an employee of the independent contractor) have subsequently deceased. 

Any such events in the future may result in us being unable to meet with our contractual commitments, which will have an adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. Any interruption at our manufacturing facilities, including natural or man-made disasters, workforce disruptions, regulatory approval delays, fire, failure of machinery or the failure of power sources such as electricity at our manufacturing facilities for a prolonged period could reduce our ability to meet the conditions of our contracts and earnings for the affected period, which could affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

26 

Further, all of our manufacturing activities are undertaken across two facilities, i.e. in Bengaluru, Karnataka and Baddi, Himachal Pradesh. A temporary or permanent shut down of either of our manufacturing facilities, the disruption of services at either of our manufacturing facilities, or our inability to acquire or establish additional manufacturing units may adversely impact our ability to continuously operate in a profitable manner, or at all. 

Additionally, we rely on certain third party contract manufacturers outside India for the sourcing of several types of products such as LED emergency lights, batons, water bottles, flask, electric kettle, chimney, iron and chopper for our PIGEON brand. Further, we also rely on certain third party manufacturers in India for sourcing our packaging material. In the event that there are disruptions in the manufacturing facilities of such third party contract manufacturers, it will impact our ability to deliver such products and meet with our contractual commitments. If these third party manufacturing facilities cease to be available to us at costs acceptable to us or we experience problems with, or interruptions in, such services, and we are unable to find other facilities to provide similar manufacturing capacity on comparable terms and on a timely basis, our operations would be disrupted and our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected 

# **18.** 

# **_Our Company has recorded restated losses, negative Net Worth and negative EPS, in the past._** 

During the last three Fiscals, there have been certain instances when we have experienced losses, or when our Net Worth and EPS have been negative. 

|**Fiscal**|**Restated profit/**<br>**(loss) for the period/**<br>**year**|**Net Worth***|(_₹ in million_)<br>**EPS**|
|---|---|---|---|
|Six month period ended September 30, 2020|287.76|(299.43)|11.64|
|2020|31.70|(601.81)|1.28|
|2019|7.36|(639.46)|0.33|
|2018|(120.18)|(1,801.02)|(6.35)|



Profits/ Losses, Net Worth and EPS are parameters used for the determination of the financial well-being of a company, and we cannot assure you that we will not incur losses in the future or that our Net Worth, EPS or any other financial parameter, which may have an adverse impact on the trading price of our Equity Shares post-listing, will not be low or negative. In the past, we have experienced negative Net Worth on account of fair valuation of the CCDs issued by the Company. Further, our failure to generate profits may adversely affect the market price of our Equity Shares, restrict our ability to pay dividends and impair our ability to raise capital and expand our business. 

# **19.** 

# **_Our net debt to equity ratio as of September 30, 2020 was 0.77 (on a fully diluted basis)._** 

Our net debt to equity ratio as of September 30, 2020 was 0.77 (on a fully diluted basis, i.e. after considering the outstanding CCDs as at September 30, 2020 of ₹ 1,847.47 million to represent an element of equity, and not that of debt). For details, see “ _Financial Statements – Note 33.1 – Capital Management_ ” on page 213. The debt to equity ratio is an indicator of the extent of financial leverage of a company. Depending on our working capital requirements, which are usually high in the retail industry in order to maintain inventory levels, and any unforeseen future capital requirements, our Company may avail additional financial assistance which may impact our debt to equity ratio, which may also have an impact on the trading price of our Equity Shares post-listing. 

# **20.** **_Our inability or failure to maintain a balance between optimum inventory levels and our product offering may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We strive to keep optimum inventory at retail stores, C&F agents and distributers to control our costs and working capital requirements. To maintain an optimal inventory, we monitor our inventory levels based on our projections of demand as well as on a real-time basis. Our hub and spoke model of distribution also enables us to fulfill large orders from our distribution centers directly, and replenish our stocks with minimal lead time. However, unavailability of products, due to high demand or inaccurate forecast, may result in loss of sales and adversely affect our customer relationships. Conversely, an inaccurate forecast can also result in an over-supply of products, which may increase inventory costs, negatively impact cash flow, reduce the quality of inventory, shrinkages and ultimately lead to reduction in margins. Further, some of our products can become obsolete in terms of designs, and any inventory that we hold with respect to old designs may not get sold or replaced by our suppliers. Any of the aforesaid circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **21.** **_Our Promoters and one of our Directors have provided personal guarantees for financing facilities availed by our Company and may in the future provide additional guarantees and any failure or default by our Company to repay such facilities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the financing agreements could trigger repayment obligations on them, which may impact their ability to effectively service their obligations as our Promoters and Directors and thereby, adversely impact our business and operations._** 

Our Promoters, Rajendra Gandhi and Sunita Rajendra Gandhi, and our Director, Neha Gandhi, have personally guaranteed the repayment of certain loan facilities taken by us. Our Promoters have guaranteed the principal amounts for all our outstanding facilities. Additionally, Neha Gandhi, our Director, is a co-guarantor with our Promoters for the principal amounts availed from RBL Bank Limited and IDFC First Bank Limited. For further details, please see “ _History and Certain_ 

27 

_Corporate Matters- Guarantees issued by our Promoters_ ” on page 151. Our Promoters may continue to provide such guarantees and other security post listing. In case of a default under our loan agreements, any of the guarantees provided by our Promoters may be invoked, which could negatively impact the reputation and net worth of our Promoters. In addition, our Promoters may be required to liquidate their shareholding in our Company to settle the claims of the lenders, thereby diluting their shareholding in our Company. 

Furthermore, in the event that our Promoters withdraw or terminate their guarantees, our lenders for such facilities may ask for alternate guarantees, repayment of amounts outstanding under such facilities, or even terminate such facilities. We may not be successful in procuring guarantees satisfactory to the lenders, and as a result may need to repay outstanding amounts under such facilities or seek additional sources of capital, which could affect our financial condition and cash flows. 

# **22.** **_Due to the geographic concentration of our sales in the Southern regions of India, our results of operations and financial condition are subject to fluctuations in regional economic conditions._** 

As of September 30, 2020, all of our 65 Gilma branded franchisee stores are located in south India. See “ _Our Business_ ” on page 119. During the six month periods ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2019 and Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, the revenues from our sales in southern Indian states accounted for 47.76%, 61.74%, 50.84%, 60.50% and 61.54%, respectively of our total income, respectively. Our concentration of sales in these regions heightens our exposure to adverse developments related to competition, as well as economic and demographic changes in these regions, which may adversely affect our business prospects, financial conditions and results of operations. Any adverse development that affects the performance of the showrooms located in these regions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any event negatively affecting these states, including but not limited to economic downturn, natural disasters or political unrest, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

# **23.** 

# **_Our business is operating under various laws which require us to obtain approvals from the concerned statutory/regulatory authorities in the ordinary course of business and our inability to obtain, maintain or renew requisite statutory and regulatory permits and approvals for our business operations could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition_** 

Our operations at our manufacturing facilities in Bengaluru, Karnataka and Baddi, Himachal Pradesh are subject to extensive government regulation and in respect of our existing operations, we are required to obtain and maintain various statutory and regulatory permits, certificates and approvals including, inter alia, environmental approvals, factories licenses, labour related, tax related approvals and mandatory certifications under the Bureau of Indian Standards Act, 2016. For details in relation to the key regulations and laws applicable to our operations, see “ _Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 142. 

In respect of our manufacturing facilities, we have made applications for certain approvals. We have also made applications for trademark registrations and applications for renewal of trademark registrations under the Trade Marks Act, 1999. Additionally, an application for renewal of authorisation for handling hazardous waste under the provisions of the Hazardous and Other Wastes (Management and Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016 is pending before the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board for our manufacturing unit situated in Bengaluru, Karnataka and an application for renewal of the fire NOC in relation to our Bengaluru facility is pending with the Karnataka Fire and Emergency Services. Further, our Company has made an application to the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board for the expansion of consent for operation on account of increase in the manufacturing units in the Bengaluru facilities which is still pending. Our Company has also made an application before the Director of Legal Metrology, Department of Consumer Affairs, Government of India, for the model approval for the infrared thermometers, under the Legal Metrology Act, 2009. Additionally, certain mandatory certifications are required for some of the products of our Company from the Bureau of Indian Standards and Bureau of Energy Efficiency. These certifications expire in the normal course of business. For example, the ISO 4250:1980 certification for mixers has expired and our Company has made an application dated November 2, 2020 for its renewal which is currently pending. There can be no assurance that the relevant authorities will issue such permits, approvals, licenses or registrations, in time or at all. Failure or delay in obtaining or maintaining or renew the required permits, approvals, licenses or registrations within applicable time or at all may result in interruption of the operations of our Company. For more information, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 265. 

Further, the relevant authorities may also initiate penal action against our Company, restrain its operations, impose fines/ penalties or initiate legal proceedings for inability to obtain approvals in a timely manner or at all, or suspend or revoke licenses in the event of non-compliance with the licensing conditions. For instance, our Company has been issued show cause notices by the Additional Director General of Foreign Trade (“ **DGFT** ”) under the provisions of Foreign Trade (Development and Regulation) Act, 1992 (“ **FT Act** ”) read with the Foreign Trade (Regulation) Rules, 1993 (“ **FT Rules** ”), alleging non-fulfilment of certain export obligations. For details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving our Company - Outstanding actions initiated by regulatory and statutory authorities_ ” on page 259. While we have subsequently submitted the requisite documents and details with the DGFT, our Company is yet to receive the Export Obligation Discharge Certificate in respect of the alleged non-compliances. In the event that our Company is held to be in violation of the FT Act and/ or FT Rules pursuant to these show-cause notices or any future non-compliances, it may have adverse implications on us, including inter alia, the suspension of our import and export license, placement of our Company under the ‘denied entity list’, which may have an adverse impact on our business condition and results of operations. 

28 

Additionally, our Company has also received a notice dated March 28, 2019 from the Karnataka Fire and Emergency Services, Ramanagara District (“ **Fire Department** ”), alleging certain deficiencies in the installation of firefighting equipment at our Bengaluru manufacturing facility, and non-compliance by our Company with the recommendations issued by the Fire Department pursuant to the safety recommendation certificate issued to our Company. Pursuant to this notice, the Fire Department had directed us to install firefighting equipment within seven days from the date of the receipt of the notice. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments - Litigation Involving our Company - Outstanding actions initiated by regulatory and statutory authorities_ ” on page 259. Pursuant to a letter dated April 8, 2019, our Company responded to the Fire Department notice had asked for an extension of timeline for installation of the requisite firefighting equipment at our Bengaluru manufacturing facility premises. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we are yet to comply with the directions under the notice, and we cannot assure you that no legal action will be initiated against our Company by the Fire Department, for such non-compliance. 

Any delay in compliance, failure or delay in obtaining such approvals could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and profitability of our Company. For details of the applications for approvals made by our Company, see “ _Government and Other Approvals – Approvals for which applications have_ ” on page 266. There can be no assurance that the relevant authorities will issue or renew any expired permits or approvals in time or at all. Failure or delay in obtaining approvals or failure by us to obtain, maintain or renew the required permits or approvals within applicable time or at all may result in interruption of our operations. 

We cannot assure you that in the future, these approvals may not be suspended or revoked in the event of the regulations governing our business being amended or non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, or suffer disruption in our activities, any of which could adversely affect our business. 

Additionally, if we fail to obtain or renew any applicable approvals, licenses, registrations and permits in a timely manner, we may not be able to undertake our business activities and expand our business operations, as planned, or at all, which could affect our business and results of operations. Conducting our business operations without holding the relevant approval, license, registrations or permits may subject us to penalties. Furthermore, our government approvals and licenses are subject to numerous conditions, some of which may be onerous and may require us to incur substantial expenditure. Our failure to comply with existing or increased regulations, or the introduction of changes to existing regulations, could adversely affect our business, financial and other conditions, profitability and results of operations. 

# **24.** **_We have no control over our Associate, PAPL, and have not been able to obtain any information from PAPL for the purposes of the Offer for the purposes of this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has one associate company as defined under the Companies Act, 2013, namely PAPL. While our Company is one of the shareholders in PAPL holding 37.46% of the issued and paid up capital of PAPL, as per the annual audited accounts of PAPL dated July 4, 2014 for Fiscal 2014, and one of our Promoters, Rajendra Gandhi, is a director on the board of directors of PAPL, in the past, we have not been able to communicate with, or obtain any information from PAPL. Further, as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there are certain proceedings involving our Company and PAPL which are ongoing, and during the pendency of which we may not be able to communicate with or obtain any information from PAPL for the purposes of the Offer. For further details, see “ _Risk Factor – Our Promoter and Managing Director, Rajendra Gandhi, may be required to vacate his directorship from our Board_ .” and “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on pages 22 and 257, respectively. Further, please note that our promoter, Mr. Rajendra Gandhi did not resign from the board of PAPL in order to protect our Company’s investment in PAPL. Additionally, it is important to have a representative of our Company on the board of PAPL to secure our Company from any unilateral decision taken by the board of PAPL and to keep our Company appraised of the condition, operations and/ or ongoing compliances of PAPL. On account of our inability to communicate with PAPL, we cannot assure you that (a) PAPL has not been refused listing of any securities at any time by any of the recognized stock exchanges in India or abroad; (b) any unsecured loans having been availed by PAPL, which may be recalled by the lenders at any time; and (c) PAPL will ensure compliance with Regulation 60 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations in relation to public communications, publicity materials, advertisements and research reports. 

# **25.** **_We have entered into retail and franchisee agreements for the sale of our products, and such agreements may impose onerous conditions upon us._** 

We do not own any retail stores, and the sale of our products is undertaken from brick and mortar retail outlets (organized and unorganized), multi-retail stores and online retail platforms. Further, the sale of our Gilma products is exclusively undertaken from Gilma branded franchisee stores. Our agreements with retailers and franchisees may impose conditions which are unfavourable to us, including, inter alia: 

- the ability of the retailer to reject and return such products at our Company’s expense which do not conform to the agreed specifications in terms of packaging and labeling requirements specified by the retailer; 

29 

- our Company indemnifying the retailer, its affiliates, officers, directors and agents against any claim arising directly or indirectly from any death or injury to any person, damage to any property or any other damage or loss due to any defect in or use of the our products; 

- the retailer not being liable to our Company for any consequential, special, punitive or indirect damages, including lost profits or opportunities; 

- the retailer having the right to terminate the agreement at any time without assigning any reasons; and 

- the obligation of our Company to pay defective/ return merchandise allowance, adequate to cover all costs associated with the returned merchandise incurred by the retailers. 

In the past, there have been instances where retailers have imposed penalties on us for the delay in manufacture of certain products as per the specified timelines. In Fiscal 2019 we paid a total of ₹11.20 million for 89 instances and in Fiscal 2020 we paid a total of ₹5.12 million for eight instances of delay in supplying certain products as per specified timelines. In the event that any of the conditions as stated above, or any other condition specified in the respective retailer agreements are imposed upon us, it may result in an adverse impact on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Further, the activities of our franchisees could have a material adverse effect on our goodwill and our brands. 

# **26.** **_If we are unable to service our debt obligations in a timely manner or to comply with various financial and other covenants and other terms and conditions of our financing agreements, it may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition._** 

As of November 30, 2020 our Company had total indebtedness in the form of short term and long term borrowings of ₹1,529.21 million. Our indebtedness could have several important consequences, including but not limited to the following: 

- a portion of our cash flows may be used towards repayment of our existing debt, which will reduce the availability of our cash flows to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate requirements; 

- our ability to obtain additional financing in the future at reasonable terms may be restricted; 

- fluctuations in market interest rates may affect the cost of our borrowings, as some of our indebtedness is at variable interest rates; 

- there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations if we are unable to service our indebtedness or otherwise comply with financial and other covenants specified in the financing agreements; and 

- we may be limited in our ability to withstand competitive pressures and may have reduced flexibility in responding to changing business, regulatory and economic conditions, in particular, we have certain foreign currency denominated borrowings that could be adversely affected in case of foreign exchange fluctuations. 

For further details, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 255. 

Many of our financing agreements also include various conditions and covenants that require us to obtain consent of the lenders prior to carrying out certain activities or entering into certain transactions. Under these financing agreements, we also require consent of the lenders for undertaking an initial public offering of our Equity Shares including consequential corporate actions. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have received consents from all such lenders. Typically, restrictive covenants under our financing agreements relate to obtaining prior consent of the lender for, among others, change in the capital structure, change in management, amendment of constitutive documents, any merger, reorganization or similar action, and a failure to observe the restrictive covenants under our financing agreements or to obtain necessary consents required thereunder may lead to the termination of our credit facilities, levy of penal interest, acceleration of all amounts due under such facilities and the enforcement of any security provided. In the event of a breach or non-compliance of relevant terms of our financing arrangements, we may be required to seek waivers from the respective lenders for such breaches or non-compliances. Further, we are required to comply with certain financial covenants on an ongoing basis under our financing agreements, and the non-compliance with, or breach of, such financial covenants may result in an event of default under our financing agreements. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such amendments or waivers on satisfactory terms, or at all, and the relevant lenders could, inter-alia, impose penal and default interests, accelerate the maturity of our obligations and declare all amounts payable in respect of the facility to be due and payable immediately or otherwise on demand. Further, during any period in which we are in default, we may be unable to obtain further financing or any refinancing of our debt could be at higher rates of interest with more onerous covenants. In addition, lenders may be able to sell our assets charged under such financing arrangements to enforce their claims. Any acceleration of amounts due under such facilities may automatically trigger cross default provisions under our other financing agreements. We may have to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments under such financing agreements, thereby reducing the 

30 

availability of cash for our working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes, or if required, undertake a sale of our assets. For further details, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 255. Any of these circumstances could adversely affect our business, credit rating, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, any such action initiated by our lenders could result in the price of the Equity Shares being adversely affected. 

# **27.** 

# **_Our Company is yet to receive dues amounting to ₹150.11 million from one of its customers._** 

One of our customers owes our Company an amount of ₹150.11 million as on August 31, 2020 (net of provisions under expected credit loss model), which has been due for payment for more than nine months. While, the customer has provided our Company with an email dated September 2, 2020 specifying the delay in payment is on account of the COVID-19 pandemic and further assuring payment to our Company in the near future and a subsequent letter dated October 7, 2020 confirming the outstanding balance as of August 31, 2020, we cannot assure you when our Company will receive these outstanding dues or whether we will receive them at all. Our Company has continued transactions with this customer, based on assured payment terms and is in constant interaction with them to realize this outstanding amount. In the event of nonpayment by the customer, there maybe an adverse impact on the financial statements and the cash flows of our Company. 

# **28.** **_We have entered into a share purchase agreement for a substantial shareholding in Megasun which may not consummate or may not be successful_** 

We have entered into a share purchase agreement with Microsun, Sohan K. Jain, Dinesh P. Jain and Other Purchasers, wherein our Company is in the process of purchasing 45% of the paid up equity share capital of Megasun. This acquisition would make Megasun our associate. For details, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters_ ” on page 146. While our Company has paid the entire consideration, certain conditions precedent specified in the share purchase agreement have not yet been fulfilled and therefore, the equity shares of Megasun have not been transferred to our Company yet. We cannot assure you if all the conditions precedent will be met and the equity shares of Megasun will be transferred to our Company at all, or whether we will be able to receive the consideration back from the transferors, in the event of the termination of the share purchase agreement for non-satisfaction of the conditions precedent, or any other reason. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve the strategic purpose of such acquisition or operational integration or our targeted return on investment. 

# **29.** 

# **_Our financial condition may be adversely affected if any of our contingent liabilities materialise._** 

As of September 30, 2020, we had the following contingent liabilities and commitments: 

||_(₹ in million) _<br>|
|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**As of September 30, 2020**|
|_Contingent liabilities_||
|Indirect tax matters|62.92|
|Provident fund claims|9.39|
|Other disputed claims|2.68|
|_Commitment_||
|Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be executed on capital account<br>and not provided for tangible assets (net of advance)|177.45|
|**Total**|**252.44**|



In the event that any of our contingent liabilities materialise, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will not incur similar or increased levels of contingent liabilities in the future 

# **30.** **_There are certain restrictive covenants in the Investment Agreement, the non-compliance of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our Company and our Promoters have entered into an Investment Agreement with, inter alia, SCI and SCI-GIH. The Investment Agreement has covenants which, inter alia, required us to obtain consents from various regulatory authorities, terminate certain agreements with our existing vendors, issuance of additional shares to certain entities and re-execute all our dealership contracts. While we believe that we have complied with such covenants there can be no guarantee that SCI or SCI-GIH or any other party to the Investment Agreement would not initiate actions against us for breach of any of the covenants under the Investment Agreement which could consequently have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For further details in relation to the Investment Agreement, please see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters- Summary of Key Agreements and Shareholders’ Agreements_ ” on page 149. 

# **31.** **_We may be exposed to potential liabilities from any personal injury claims alleging any deficiency in our products or in counterfeit products of an inferior quality._** 

Our business may be adversely affected by litigation and complaints from customers or government authorities resulting from deficiencies in our products. For instance, some of our customers have filed cases in relation to, inter alia, alleged defects in our products. We could also incur significant liabilities if a lawsuit or claim results in a decision against us and substantial litigation costs in relation to these lawsuits. For further details in relation to consumer claims filed against our Company, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 257. Further, our business could be harmed in 

31 

the event of the sale of any defective or misbranded product. Our products are also exposed to the risk of being counterfeited by third parties using or copying our packaging to sell their products. For instance, our Company has instituted proceedings against PAPL in relation to the unauthorised use of our ‘PIGEON’ trademark by PAPL. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 257. These products may be formulated differently and may be of an inferior quality as compared to our products. However, we may be subject to potential liabilities, including reputational harm, in relation to such counterfeit products as well. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” and “ _Risk Factor - The trademark for our marquee brand ‘Pigeon’ is the subject matter of litigation, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to protect the trademark in the future_ ” on pages 257 and 19, respectively. 

# **32.** 

# **_Our inability to manage our growth could disrupt our business and have an adverse effect on our profitability._** 

Our growth strategies such as expanding into new geographies or expanding the brand portfolio through the launch of new products are subject to and involve risks and difficulties, many of which are beyond our control and, accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be able to implement our strategy or growth plans successfully, or complete them within the budgeted cost and timelines. Our success in implementing our growth strategies may be affected by: 

- our ability to identify trends and demands in the kitchen appliances’ industry, and develop new and more personalised and innovative products; 

- our ability to identify new markets in different jurisdictions to expand to and distributors to partner with in such markets; 

- acceptance by our target consumer base of our new products; 

- our ability to maintain the quality of our products and provide continuous after sale services to our customers; 

- our ability to increase our existing consumer base; and 

- the general condition of the Indian and global economy 

Further, implementing our strategies and managing growth of our business will impose a significant demand on our management time and other resources. On account of changes in market conditions, industry dynamics, changes in regulatory policies or any other relevant factors, our growth strategies and plans may undergo substantial changes and may even include limiting or foregoing growth opportunities if the situation so demands. Separately, our growth strategy involves adoption of advanced technologies to firm up our production processes, and expand our distribution and manufacturing initiative. We may be unable to identify, or implement new technologies associated with manufacture of kitchen and home care products in an optimal manner. Any inability on our part to manage our growth or implement our strategies effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **33.** **_Our retail business is subject to seasonal volatility, which may affect our results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business and the kitchen appliances industry in general is subject to seasonality. Generally, we witness an increase in sales in the second half of the Fiscal and sales generally decline during the first quarter of the Fiscal. Accordingly, our revenue in the first two quarters may not accurately reflect the revenue trend for the whole Fiscal. Our business is also affected by certain festivals which lead to an increase in our sales and by retailers reducing their purchases from us in first quarter of a particular Fiscal. The seasonality of our business operations and kitchen appliances industry in general, may cause fluctuations in our results of operations and financial condition. 

# **34.** **_Our Promoter and Managing Director, Rajendra Gandhi, is involved in one or more ventures which are in the same line of business as that of our Company._** 

Our Promoter and Managing Director, Rajendra Gandhi is involved in PAPL which are in the same line of business as that of our Company. He is currently a director of PAPL. For details see “ _Our Promoter and Promoter Group – Common Pursuits_ ” on page 168. Thus, there can be no assurance that our Promoter will be able to address conflicts of interests that arise because of his positions in such ventures, in an impartial manner. Also, there can be no assurance that our Promoter will not in future engage in any competing business activity or acquire interests in competing ventures. If so, this conflict of interest will remain in the future and in the absence of a non-compete arrangement, we may not be able to suitably resolve any such conflict without an adverse effect on our business or operations. Additionally, our Promoter and Managing Director, Rajendra Gandhi is involved in a litigation against PAPL. For details, see “ _Risk Factor - Our Promoter and Managing Director, Rajendra Gandhi, may be required to vacate his directorship from our Board_ ” on page 22. 

# **35.** **_There have been instances of erroneous form filings in relation to allotment of Equity Shares of our Company and transfers of Equity Shares of our Company, in relation to which the share transfer forms are not available in our Company’s records. Further, there has been an instance of delay in filing of annual report by our Group Company._** 

We manage our internal compliance by monitoring and evaluating internal controls, and ensuring all relevant statutory and regulatory compliances. However, there can be no assurance that deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise, or that we will be able to implement, and continue to maintain, adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in 

32 

our internal controls, in a timely manner or at all. For instance, we have made erroneous form filings of form PAS-3 in relation to allotment of Equity Shares made on September 23, 2018 pursuant to the conversion of CCDs, for which we have approached the RoC pursuant to letters dated December 20, 2019 and September 30, 2020 requesting for the error to be rectified along with all the necessary documents. While the RoC has acknowledged the request, the rectification remains pending as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, we are unable to trace certain corporate and other documents in relation to our Company including share transfer forms in relation to transfer of Equity Shares by and to our Promoters, either in our Company’s records or in the records of our Promoters. The details of such share transfers are as follows: 

- (i) transfer of 20,000 Equity Shares made on November 10, 2003 from Satishchandra Karanath to Sunita Rajendra Gandhi; 

- (ii) transfer of 10,000 Equity Shares made on November 10, 2003 from Nivedita S.to Sunita Rajendra Gandhi; 

- (iii) transfer of 5,000 Equity Shares made on November 10, 2003 from M/S Karmet Engineering to Sunita Rajendra Gandhi; and 

- (iv) transfer of 100,000 Equity Shares made on March 26, 2006 from Venkatesh Gowda to Rajendra Gandhi; 

In the absence of such records, we have relied on annual returns, minutes of the Board of Directors of our Company and statutory registers in order to ascertain details of such transfers. While we believe that the transfers were undertaken in a valid manner in terms of applicable laws and our AoA, we cannot assure you that the share transfer forms in relation to such transfers of such Equity Shares were filed with us in a timely manner or at all. Further, our Group Company, Shinag Allied Enterprises Private Limited has not filed its financial statements and annual report for Fiscal 2020 with the registrar of companies within the timelines prescribed under the Companies Act. While our Group Company has not received any communication from the statutory authorities in relation to the delay as on date. We cannot assure you that no legal action will be initiated against our Group Company or that no penalties will be levied on our Group Company. Further, we cannot assure you that our Group Company has not suffered losses during the most recent fiscal, and that there will be no significant notes by its auditors in the audited financial statements for the most recent fiscal. 

For further details in relation to notices received by our Company from statutory authorities, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving our Company - Notices issued by Statutory Authorities_ ” on page 259. In the event of any delayed filings in relation to the aforementioned allotments or failure to make the requisite filings, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected due to regulatory proceedings and any penalty or fines levied on us on account of such non-compliances. As we continue to grow, there can be no assurance that there will be no other instances of statutory non-compliance/ delays. 

# **36.** **_Uncertain nature regarding the kitchen cookware appliances market, economic conditions and other factors beyond our control could adversely affect demand for our products and services, our costs of doing business and our financial performance._** 

Our financial performance depends significantly on the stability of the kitchen appliances market in general and kitchen cookware appliance markets in particular, as well as general economic conditions, including changes in gross domestic product. Adverse conditions in or uncertainty about these markets, or the economy could adversely impact our customers’ confidence or financial condition, causing them to determine not to purchase kitchen appliances and products, or delay purchasing or payment for those products and services. Other factors beyond our control, including the availability of, the state of the credit markets, consumer credit, and general economic sentiment and other conditions beyond our control, could further adversely affect demand for our products, our costs of doing business and our financial performance. The kitchen appliances market is dynamic in nature, with frequent innovations to suit customer preferences. In the event that we are unable to continuously innovate our product portfolio in line with the technological developments in the kitchen appliances industry and on the basis of shifts in consumer preferences, our products may become obsolete, which may have an adverse impact on our sales and results of operations. 

# **37.** **_Any disruptions in our logistics or supply chain network and other factors affecting the distribution of our merchandise could adversely impact our operations, business and financial condition._** 

Our supply chain and logistics network is focused around warehouses that are owned and operated by our carrying and forwarding agents. Their warehouses act as storage facilities for onward delivery of our merchandise to all our customers. Any material disruption at these warehouses for any reason may damage our products stored at such warehouses and adversely affect our supply chain network and logistics operations, thereby affecting our results of operations. Further, in the event that we are not able to engage warehouses at an affordable cost, then we may incur additional cost associated with such inventory, which may impact our profitability. 

We use third party logistic providers for the delivery of products from our manufacturing plants to our distributors. Any disputes with such third party logistic providers would result in disruption of the distribution process of our products and will have an adverse effect on the deliveries from our warehouses to our customers. Additionally, any disruption in our logistics or supply chain network could adversely affect our ability to deliver inventory in a timely manner, which could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales, increased supply chain costs or damage to our reputation. 

33 

# **38.** **_We depend heavily on our Key Managerial Personnel, and loss of the services of one or more of our key executives or Key Managerial Personnel could weaken our management team._** 

Our success depends on the skills, experience and efforts of our Key Managerial Personnel and on the efforts, ability and experience of key members of our management staff. Our Promoter, Rajendra Gandhi, is a first generation entrepreneur with over 20 years of experience in the kitchen appliances and home utility products industry. Our Key Managerial Personnel have extensive experience in retail sales, enterprise sales, channel sales and kitchen appliance industry that are critical to the operation of our business. For further details, see “ _Our Management_ ” on page 153. 

In the event that our Promoter terminates his association with our Company, or in case there is a loss of one or more Key Managerial Personnel of our Company or any of our other management staff, it could weaken our management expertise significantly and our ability to undertake our business operations efficiently in a significant manner. Individuals with industry-specific experience are scarce, and the market for such individuals is highly competitive. As a result, we may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel with comparable skill and expertise to replace or succeed our Key Managerial Personnel or other key employees, promptly or at all. To see the changes in our Key Managerial Personnel for the last three years, see “ _Our Management - Changes in the Key Managerial Personnel_ ” on page 166. We may take a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when skilled personnel terminate their employment with our Company. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting skilled employees that our business requires. Any inability on our part to attract and retain qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **39.** 

# **_We have recently entered markets for non-core products, in which we have limited experience._** 

While we have historically been a manufacturer and retailer of kitchen appliances, in 2016, we entered the LED products market under our Pigeon brand. Further, in 2020, we have also entered into the markets of manufacturing IR thermometers, trading pulse oximeter under our _Gilma_ brand, and manufacturing floor mops. For the six month period ended September 30, 2020 and Fiscal 2020, our LED products business contributed 6.40% and 4.70%, respectively. Further, for the six month period ended September 30, 2020, our IR thermometer business contributed 2.34%, our pulse oximeter business contributed 0.74% and our floor mops business contributed 1.39% to the total revenues of our Company. We did not have any prior experience in the LED products market before this venture, and therefore there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain and expand our LED product portfolio in a sustainable manner. Further, the LED product market in India is a highly competitive space, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to introduce new product ranges in the LED segment as per our strategy or compete with the existing players in the market, or at all. In the event that we are not able to operate our LED business in a sustainable manner, it will have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Similarly, we have no prior experience in products such as IR thermometers and pulse oximeters, the competition for which is very high in the market to due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. Further, we have also entered other noncore markets with products such as chairs, heating products, etc. in which we have no prior experience, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to operate in the markets for these products in a sustainable and profitable manner. In the event that we are required to expend additional resources towards establishing and consolidating our presence in non-core markets, it may have an adverse impact on our business condition and results of operations. 

# **40.** **_Our business depends on the performance of its information technology systems and any interruption or abnormality in the same may have an adverse impact on our business operations and profitability._** 

We have a SAP enterprise support system (“ **SAP System** ”) which integrates and collates data of purchase, sales, reporting, accounting, stocks, etc. We utilise our information technology systems to monitor all aspects of our business and rely to a significant extent on such systems for the efficient operation of our business, including, monitoring of inventory levels, allocation of products to our stores and budget planning. Our information technology systems may not always operate without interruption and may encounter abnormality or become obsolete, which may affect our ability to maintain connectivity with our stores and warehouses. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in developing, installing, running and migrating to new software system or systems as required for our overall operations and in staying technologically competitive with our peers. Even if we are successful in this regard, significant capital expenditures may be required, and we may not be able to benefit from the investment immediately. All of these may have a material adverse impact on our operations and profitability. The SAP System deployed by us has been purchased. The regular maintenance and upgrade of the SAP System is carried out by the vendor, at costs to be incurred by the Company. Any failure in this SAP System may necessitate the Company to switch to a different system, implementation of which may result in significant costs to the Company. 

Also, our Company cannot guarantee that the level of security it presently maintains is adequate or that its systems can withstand intrusions from or prevent improper usage by third parties. Our Company’s failure to continue its operations without interruption due to any of these reasons may adversely affect our Company’s results of operations. 

# **41.** **_Our Statutory Auditor’s report may contain certain adverse remarks._** 

There is no assurance that our audit report or annexure there on for any future fiscal periods will not contain comments or any other qualifications or otherwise affect our results of operations in such future fiscal periods. Investors should consider these remarks in evaluating our financial position, cash flows and results of operations. Any such qualifications in the 

34 

auditors’ report on our financial statements in the future may also adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. For details on these adverse remarks, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 173. 

# **42.** **_The emergence of modern trade channels in the form of hypermarkets, supermarkets and online retailers may adversely affect our pricing ability, and result in temporary loss of retail shelf space and disrupt sales of kitchen appliances, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition._** 

India has recently witnessed the emergence of hypermarkets, supermarkets and online retailers and the market penetration of large scaled organized retail in India is likely to increase further. While we believe this provides us with an opportunity to improve our supply chain efficiencies and increase the visibility of our brands, it also increases the negotiating position of such stores. We cannot assure you that we will be able to negotiate new distribution agreements or renegotiate our existing distribution agreements, specially our pricing or credit provisions, on terms favourable to us, or at all. Any inability to enter into distribution agreements and on terms favourable to us, may have an adverse effect on our pricing and margins, and consequently adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

From time to time, retailers change distribution centers that supply products to some of their retail stores. If a new distribution center has not previously distributed our products in that region, it may take time to get a retailer’s distribution center to begin distributing new products in its region. Even if a retailer approves the distribution of products in a new region, product sales may decline while the transition in distribution takes place. If we do not get approval to have our products offered in a new distribution region or if getting this approval takes longer than anticipated, our sales and operating results may suffer. 

# **43.** 

# **_The proceeds from Offer for Sale will not be available to us._** 

This Offer comprises of a Fresh Issue of Equity Shares by our Company and an Offer for Sale of Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholders. Out of the four Selling Shareholders, two Selling Shareholders are Rajendra Gandhi and Sunita Rajendra Gandhi, who are our Promoters. All the proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be remitted to the Selling Shareholders in proportion to the Equity Shares offered by them in the Offer for Sale, and such proceeds will not be available to our Company. 

# **44.** **_We have issued Equity Shares at prices that may be lower than the Offer Price in the last 12 months._** 

During the last 12 months, we have issued and allotted (i) 2,412,235 and 1,879,122 Equity Shares upon conversion of 2,610,898 Series A CCDs and 2,280,886 Series B CCDs held by SCI; (ii) 986,790 Equity Shares upon conversion of 1,197,770 Series B CCDs held by SCI-GIH; (iii) 5 Equity Shares each to SCI and SCI-GIH pursuant to the reclassification of 5 Class A Equity Shares held by SCI and SCI-GIH, each; and (iv) 85,747 Equity Shares to the employees of our Company on exercise of vested stock options under the ESOP Plan, at prices which may be lower than the Offer Price. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure – Notes to the Capital Structure – Share capital history of our Company – Equity share capital_ ” on page 60. 

# **45.** 

# **_We have entered into, and will continue to enter into, related party transactions._** 

In the ordinary course of our business, we enter into and will continue to enter into transactions with related parties. While we believe that all such related party transactions that we have entered into are legitimate business transactions conducted on an arms’ length basis, there can be no assurance that we could not have achieved more favorable terms had such arrangements not been entered into with related parties. Further, we cannot assure you that these or any future related party transactions that we may enter into, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, including because of potential conflicts of interest or otherwise. Further, the transactions we have entered into and any future transactions with our related parties have involved or could potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to our Company. There can be no assurance that our Directors and executive officers will be able to address these conflicts of interests or others in an impartial manner. 

# **46.** **_We may be subject to labour unrest, operating risks, slowdowns, increased wage costs, and shut-downs._** 

Our manufacturing activities are labour intensive and consequently our success depends upon maintaining good relations with our workforce. As of September 30, 2020, we had 3,156 permanent employees engaged across various operational and business divisions in India. India has stringent labour legislations that protect the interests of workers, including legislation that set forth detailed procedures for the establishment of unions, dispute resolution and employee removal, and legislations that imposes certain financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. Our employees are not unionized currently. However, there is no assurance that our employees will not seek unionization in the future. In the event that employees at our manufacturing facilities take any steps to unionise, it may become difficult for us to maintain flexible labour policies, and may increase our costs and adversely affect our business. 

Further, our business operations, specifically our processing facilities are subject to certain operating risks, such as breakdown or failure of equipment, power supply or processes, reduction or stoppage of water supply, performance below expected levels of efficiency, obsolescence and natural disasters. Additionally, we have also been the subject of legal proceedings initiated by our ex-employees and relatives of our ex-employees in relation to certain accidents at the premises of our manufacturing units. For further details, please see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments –_ 

35 

_Outstanding criminal litigations against our Promoters_ ” and “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments– Outstanding criminal litigations against our Company_ ” on page 257 and 259, respectively. Our operations are also susceptible to industrial accidents arising from improper handling of combustible materials, improper operation of machinery, human errors or other reasons at our manufacturing facilities or during transportation. Any strikes or lock-outs, work stoppages, slowdowns, shut downs, supply interruptions or costs or other factors beyond our control, may disrupt our operations and could negatively impact our financial performance or financial condition. For more information, see “ _Risk Factor – There may be a delay in production at, or shutdown of, any of our manufacturing facilities or at any of the third party manufacturing facilities we use for the sourcing of our products and packaging material_ ” on page 26. Additionally, our inability to recruit employees, in particular skilled employees and retain our current workforce could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and profitability. There can be no assurance that we will not experience slowdowns or shutdowns in the manner described above, or in any other manner, in the future, for reasons which are beyond our control. Any slowdown or shutdown will adversely impact our results of operations, market share and financial condition. 

# **47.** 

# **_We appoint contract labour for carrying out certain of our operations and we may be held responsible for paying the wages of such workers, if the independent contractors through whom such workers are hired default on their obligations, and such obligations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition._** 

In order to retain flexibility and control costs, our Company appoints independent contractors who in turn engage on-site contract labour for performance of certain of our operations. Although our Company does not engage these labourers directly, we may be held responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractor. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition and we may also be subject to legal proceedings in this regard. In addition, under the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970, as amended, we may be required to absorb a number of such contract labourers as permanent employees. Thus, any such order from a regulatory body or court may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **48.** **_Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds of the Offer have not been appraised by a bank or a financial institution and if there are any delays or cost overruns, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

We intend to use the Net Proceeds of the Fresh Issue for the purposes described in “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 72. The objects of the Fresh Issue have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. The proposed utilisation of Net Proceeds is based on current conditions, internal management estimates, contracts and are subject to changes in external circumstances or costs, or in other financial condition, business or strategy, as discussed further below. Based on the competitive nature of our industry, we may have to revise our business plan and/ or management estimates from time to time and consequently our funding requirements may also change. Our internal management estimates may exceed fair market value or the value that would have been determined by third party appraisals, which may require us to reschedule or reallocate our project and capital expenditure and may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Further, pending utilization of Net Proceeds towards the Objects of the Offer, our Company will have the flexibility to deploy the Net Proceeds and to deposit the Net Proceeds them temporarily in deposits with one or more scheduled commercial banks included in Second Schedule of Reserve Bank of India Act, 1939. Accordingly, prospective investors in the Offer will need to rely upon our management’s judgment with respect to the use of Net Proceeds. 

# **49.** 

# **_Any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds or in the terms of any contract as disclosed in the Red Herring Prospectus would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval._** 

We propose to utilise the Net Proceeds for repayment/ pre-payment, in full or part, of certain borrowings availed by our Company and other general corporate purposes. For further details of the proposed objects of the Offer, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 72. At this stage, we cannot determine with any certainty if we would require the Net Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. In accordance with Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds or in the terms of any contract as disclosed in the Red Herring Prospectus without obtaining the shareholders’ approval through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the shareholders’ approval in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such shareholders’ approval may adversely affect our business or operations. 

Further, our Promoters or controlling shareholders would be required to provide an exit opportunity to the shareholders who do not agree with our proposal to change the objects of the Offer or vary the terms of such contracts, at a price and manner as prescribed by SEBI. Additionally, the requirement on Promoters or controlling shareholders to provide an exit opportunity to such dissenting shareholders may deter the Promoters or controlling shareholders from agreeing to the variation of the proposed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. Further, we cannot assure you that the Promoters or the controlling shareholders of our Company will have adequate resources at their disposal at all times to enable them to provide an exit opportunity at the price prescribed by SEBI. 

36 

In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake variation of objects of the Offer, or vary the terms of any contract referred to in the Red Herring Prospectus, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our Company’s ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilised portion of Net Proceeds, if any, or varying the terms of contract, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

# **50.** **_We may not be able to derive the expected benefits of the deployment of the Net Proceeds, in a timely manner, or at all._** 

Our Company intends to use a certain portion of the Net Proceeds for the purposes of repayment / prepayment in full or in part, of certain of the borrowings availed by the Company. Our estimates for the proposed expenditure are based on several variables, a significant variation in any one or a combination of which could have an adverse effect. The details in this regard have been disclosed in the section titled “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 72. While the utilisation of Net Proceeds for repayment/ prepayment of the borrowings would help us to reduce our cost of debt and enable the utilisation of our funds for further investment in business growth and expansion, these objects will not result in the creation of any tangible assets for our Company. 

# **51.** **_Information relating to our installed capacities and the historical capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity utilization may vary._** 

Information relating to our installed capacities and the historical capacity utilization of our owned manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on various assumptions and estimates of our management, including proposed operations, assumptions relating to availability and quality of raw materials and assumptions relating to potential utilization levels and operational efficiencies. Actual utilization rates may differ significantly from the estimated installed capacities or historical estimated capacity utilization information of our facilities. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on our installed capacity or historical estimated capacity utilization information for our existing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **52.** **_Third party industry and industry-related statistical data in this Red Herring Prospectus may be incomplete, incorrect or unreliable._** 

This Red Herring Prospectus includes information that is derived from the F&S Report, pursuant to an engagement with our Company. Neither we, nor any of the BRLMs have independently verified the data obtained from the official and industry publications and other industry sources referred in this Red Herring Prospectus and therefore, while we believe them to be true, there can be no assurance that they are complete or reliable. Such data may also be produced on different bases from those used in the industry publications we have referenced. In particular, neither we, nor any of the BRLMs, nor any other person associated with the Offer has verified the information from the F&S Report, which has been prepared pursuant to an engagement between Frost & Sullivan and our Company. The F&S Report is subject to certain disclaimers set out in “ _Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial Industry and Market Data and Currency of Presentation_ ” on page 10. Therefore, discussions of matters relating to India, its economy and our industry in this Red Herring Prospectus are subject to the caveat that the statistical and other data upon which such discussions are based may be incomplete or unreliable. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. While industry sources take due care and caution while preparing their reports, they do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the data or report and do not take responsibility for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from using their data or report. We cannot assure you that Frost & Sullivan’s assumptions are correct or will not change and accordingly our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision on this information. See “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 89. 

# **53.** **_Our inability to procure and/ or maintain adequate insurance cover in connection with our business may adversely affect our operations and profitability._** 

Our Company’s operations at our manufacturing facilities and warehouses are subject to inherent risks such as fire, strikes, loss-in-transit of our products, accidents and natural disasters. In addition, many of these operating and other risks may cause personal injury, damage to, or destruction of our properties and may result in suspension of operations and imposition of civil and/ or criminal penalties. Whilst we believe that we maintain adequate insurance coverage amounts for our business and operations, our insurance policies do not cover all risks and are subject to exclusions and deductibles, and may not be sufficient to cover all damages, whether foreseeable or not. If any or all of our manufacturing facilities and warehouses are damaged in whole or in part, our operations may get interrupted, totally or partially, for a temporary period. Additionally, our insurance policies do not cover communicable diseases. There can be no assurance that our insurance policies will be adequate to cover the losses that may be incurred as a result of such interruption or the costs of repairing or replacing the damaged facilities. Our inability to procure and/ or maintain adequate insurance cover in connection with our business could adversely affect our operations and profitability. For more details on the insurance policies availed by us, please see “ _Our Business - Insurance_ ” on page 138. 

**54.** **_Our Promoters and certain of our Key Managerial Personnel are interested in the Company's performance in addition to their normal remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses incurred. Additionally, our Promoter, Rajendra_** 

37 

# **_Gandhi is interested in land acquired and proposed to be acquired by the Company and our Head – Corporate Planning Venkitesh N. is a partner in Revalve Systems from which our Company purchases aluminium gas valves_** 

Our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group have received the following amounts from our Company in the last three Fiscals and six month period ended September 30, 2020: 

<u>(</u> _<u>₹ in million</u>_ <u>)</u> 

|**Period**|**Remuneration**<br>**paid/payable**|**Rent**<br>**paid/payable**|**Royalty paid/payable**<br>**per annum**|**Amount payable or paid for using**<br>**intellectual property rights**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**September 30, 2020**|||||
|Rajendra Gandhi|3.73|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Neha Gandhi|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Sunita Rajendra Gandhi|Nil|0.36|Nil|Nil|
|**September 30, 2019**|||||
|RajendraGandhi|5.66|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Neha Gandhi|1.23|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Sunita Rajendra Gandhi|Nil|0.36|Nil|Nil|
|<br>**Fiscal 2020**|||||
|Rajendra Gandhi|10.11|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|NehaGandhi|2.31|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Sunita Rajendra Gandhi|Nil|0.72|Nil|Nil|
|**Fiscal 2019**|||||
|Rajendra Gandhi|9.51|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Neha Gandhi|2.17|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Sunita Rajendra Gandhi|Nil|0.72|Nil|Nil|
|**Fiscal 2018**|||||
|Rajendra Gandhi|8.73|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Neha Gandhi|2.01|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Sunita Rajendra Gandhi|Nil|0.60|Nil|Nil|



Further, our Promoters, Rajendra Gandhi and Sunita Rajendra Gandhi are interested, to the extent of their shareholding in our Company. Our Promoter, Rajendra Gandhi, is interested to the extent of his role as a partner in Saya Industries, from whom our Company has bought our manufacturing plant situated in Baddi pursuant to a slump sale agreement dated March 31, 2016. For further details, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters - Slump sale agreement dated March 31, 2016 entered into between our Company and Saya Industries_ ” on page 148. The acquisition from Saya Industries was undertaken on the basis of commercial negotiations amongst the parties to the slump sale agreement, and the consideration was not determined on the basis of any independent valuation. While an independent valuation was not statutorily prescribed, we cannot assure you that the transaction could have been undertaken on terms more favourable to our Company, had an independent valuation been undertaken by us. 

Our Key Managerial Personnel Rohit Mago and Rajiv Mehta Nitinbhai are entitled to receive a part of profit of our Company as per their terms of appointment. 

Additionally, our Company purchases aluminium gas valves from Revalve Systems, a partnership firm in which one of our key managerial personnel, Venkitesh N., is a partner. The purchase information for Fiscal 2020 and the six month period ended September 30, 2020 with regards to Revalve Systems is as follows: 

|**As of**|**Amount**<br>**of total**<br>**purchase**<br>**of AGV**<br>**(₹ in**<br>**million)**|**Amount of**<br>**total purchase**<br>**of AGV from**<br>**Revalve**<br>**Systems (₹ in**<br>**million)**|**Percentage (%) of**<br>**amount of total**<br>**purchase of AGV from**<br>**Revalve Systems**<br>**against the amount of**<br>**total purchase of AGV**|**Amount of total**<br>**purchase of raw**<br>**materials (₹ in**<br>**million)**|**Percentage (%) of amount**<br>**of total purchase of AGV**<br>**from Revalve Systems**<br>**against the amount of**<br>**total purchase of raw**<br>**materials**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|September 30,<br>2020|2.87|2.87|100|1,730.74|0.20|
|September 30,<br>2019|34.63|24.55|99.20|1,640.16|1.50|
|March 31, 2020|15.85|15.66|98.80|3,322.85|0.50|



For further details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ”, “ _Our Management_ ” and “ _Our Promoter and Promoter Group_ ” on pages 60, 153 and 167 of this Red Herring Prospectus, respectively. 

Sequoia will have the right to nominate one director on our Board until such time that Sequoia continues to hold 5.00% of the fully diluted share capital of our Company. Further, in the event of successful completion of the Offer, such right shall be exercisable upon receipt of shareholders’ approval through a special resolution by the Shareholders in the first general meeting of the Company held after the successful completion of the Offer. For further details on their shareholding and their right to appoint nominee directors, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters - Summary of Key Agreements and_ 

**55.** **_Certain of our existing shareholders may continue to have rights over our Company after completion of the Offer._** 

38 

_Shareholders’ Agreements - Shareholders’ Agreements with our Company_ ” on page 149. By virtue of their nominee director on our Board, Sequoia may continue to influence the decisions made by our Board after the successful completion of the Offer, and there can be no assurance that the Sequoia nominee director shall act in the best interests of all shareholders at all times. 

# **56.** 

# **_We may not be able to pay dividends in the future._** 

We have not paid any dividends to our equity shareholders in the past. There can be no assurance that we will pay any dividends in the future and, if we do, as to the level of such future dividends. Dividends distributed by us will attract dividend distribution tax at rates applicable from time to time. The declaration, payment and amount of any future dividends is subject to the discretion of our Board, and will depend upon various factors, inter alia, our earnings, financial position, capital expenditures and availability of profits, restrictive covenants in our financing arrangements and other prevailing regulatory conditions from time to time. Any of these factors may thus restrict our ability to pay dividends in the future. 

# **57.** **_Depreciation of the Rupee against foreign currencies may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and currency exchange rate fluctuations may affect the value of the Equity Shares._** 

We are exposed to foreign exchange risks by virtue of being an exporter of our products and by maintaining overseas marketing and distribution. During the six month periods ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2019 and Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018 export sales accounted for 17.90%, 6.68%, 7.64%, 8.67% and 5.57%, of our revenue from operations, respectively. While the Company selectively hedges its foreign exchange exposure, based on currency movements, we do not have a policy of hedging any foreign currency exposure, and given the expansion of our export business and our international production and distribution interests, we may not be able to fully hedge our exposure on suitable terms or adequately predict the necessary level of hedging. For instance, for Fiscal 2020, we source products contributing 27.59% of our total revenues from China, pursuant to USD and CNY transactions, and any depreciation in the value of the Indian Rupee will impact our input cost. Further, for the six month period ended September 30, 2020 we have ₹320.81million unhedged foreign exchange exposure and no hedged foreign exchange exposure. 

The exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and the U.S. dollar has changed substantially in recent years and may fluctuate substantially in the future. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the Indian Rupee may affect the value of your investment in the Equity Shares. Specifically, if there is a change in relative value of the Indian Rupee to the U.S. dollar, each of the following values will also be affected: 

- the U.S. dollar equivalent of the Indian Rupee trading price of the Equity Shares in India; 

- the U.S. dollar equivalent of the proceeds that you would receive upon the sale in India of any of the Equity Shares; and 

- the U.S. dollar equivalent of cash dividends, if any, on the Equity Shares, which will be paid only in Indian Rupees. 

You may be unable to convert Indian Rupee proceeds into foreign currencies or the rate at which any such conversion could occur could fluctuate. In addition, our market valuation could be seriously harmed by the devaluation of the Indian Rupee, if non-Indian investors analyse our value based on the foreign currency equivalent of our financial condition and results of operations. 

# **58.** **_Substantially all of our property and assets are subject to security interests. Further, the manufacture of our products is also undertaken at other third party premises, which may be subject to security interests._** 

Substantially all of our property and assets are subject to mortgage or other security interests to secure our payment obligations to our lenders. If we fail to satisfy our debt service obligations as they become due, the lenders could exercise their creditors’ rights, including foreclosing our property and assets subject to mortgage and other security interests. If this occurs, we would not be able to continue to utilize the property and assets subject to foreclosure and our operations would be disrupted during such foreclosure. If we are unable to source funds to repay such indebtedness within the time period specified by the creditors, the creditors could sell our property and assets to third parties. We may not be able to repurchase or locate alternative property and assets at commercially reasonable terms, or at all, to continue our operations. 

Further, the manufacture of our traded products is undertaken by third parties at their premises, which may be subject to adverse security interests or encumbrances which we may not be aware of. In the event that there is an enforcement of security interests associated with the properties of manufacturers from whom we source our traded products, the manufacture of our products at such premises may be disrupted, causing a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **59.** 

# **_Increased environmental regulation and changing consumer environmental awareness could affect our operations._** 

Manufacturing enterprises in India, including us, are subject to central and state environmental related laws and regulations. Our operations are also subject to significant environmental regulations, especially applicable to every state in which we operate. Actions by central, state or local governments in India concerning environmental matters could result in laws or regulations that could increase the cost of producing the products manufactured by us or otherwise adversely affect demand 

39 

for our products. We must comply with environmental regulations relevant to our operations such as, among others, waste disposal, soil groundwater contamination and air emissions. Presently, a criminal proceeding, initiated by KSPCB, is pending against our Company and our Promoter, Rajendra Gandhi for alleged violations of environmental laws. For further details in relation to the said notices see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 257. 

In addition, certain governmental authorities may adopt ordinances prohibiting or restricting the use or disposal of certain products that are among the types of products produced by us. If such prohibitions or restrictions were to be widely adopted, such regulatory and environmental measures could adversely affect demand for our products, impose additional compliance costs on us and have a material adverse effect upon us. Moreover, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our environmental licenses and permits in order to be able to continue our operations. If any of our facilities are shut down pursuant to any judicial or executive order from any judicial, regulatory or governmental body, we will need to incur costs arising from compliance with regulations, appealing decisions affecting those facilities, resuming production and continuing to pay labour and other costs. Additionally, a decline in consumer preference for our products due to environmental considerations could have a material adverse effect upon our business. We could, therefore, be materially adversely affected by existing environmental requirements. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **60.** 

# **_A slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer._** 

Our performance and the growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. As a result, a slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect our business. India’s economy could be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates, inflation, natural calamities, such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods and drought, increases in commodity and energy prices, and protectionist efforts in other countries or various other factors. For instance, in periods prior to Fiscal Year 2016, India experienced a slowdown in economic growth due to a variety of factors, including unsustainably high current account deficit, capital outflows and consequent exchange rate pressures. Similarly, during 2020, the overall economy was adversely affected on account of the impact of COVID-19 across industries and sectors. For further details, see " _Risk Factor - Our business and results of operations have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by the ongoing COVID-19 outbreak and associated responses_ ” on page 21. Despite the recent signs of an economic turnaround in the Indian economy, there is no assurance that growth will not slow down again or that inflation will not increase further in the future. It is difficult to gauge the impact of these fundamental economic changes on our business. Any slowdown in the Indian economy or future volatility in global commodity prices could adversely affect our business. 

# **61.** **_Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of tax laws and regulations, in India may adversely affect our business and financial performance._** 

Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by unfavourable changes in, or interpretations of existing laws, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations applicable to us and our business. Please see the section “ _Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 142. 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. There can be no assurance that the Government of India may not implement new regulations and policies which will require us to obtain approvals and licenses from the Government and other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements, conditions, costs and expenditures on our operations. Any such changes and the related uncertainties with respect to the implementation of the new regulations may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may have to incur capital expenditures to comply with the requirements of any new regulations, which may also materially harm our results of operations. Any changes to such laws, including the instances briefly mentioned below, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects: 

- The Government of India has implemented a comprehensive national GST regime with effect from July 1, 2017 that will combine taxes and levies by the Central and State Governments into a unified rate structure. The implementation of this new structure may be affected by any disagreement between certain state governments, which could create uncertainty. Any such future amendments may affect our overall tax efficiency, and may result in significant additional taxes becoming payable. 

- The General Anti Avoidance Rules (“ **GAAR** ”) were notified by way of an amendment to the Income Tax Act, 1961, and came into effect from April 1, 2017. While the intent of this legislation is to prevent business arrangements set up with the intent to avoid tax incidence under the Income Tax Act, 1961, certain exemptions have been notified, _viz._ , (i) arrangements where the tax benefit to all parties under an arrangement is less than ₹30 million, (ii) where FIIs have not taken benefit of a double tax avoidance tax treaty under Section 90 or 90A of the Income Tax Act, 1961 and have invested in listed or unlisted securities with SEBI approval, (iii) where a nonresident has made an investment, either direct or indirect, by way of an offshore derivative instrument in an FII. Further, investments made up to March 31, 2017 shall not be subject to GAAR provided that GAAR may apply to any business arrangement pursuant to which tax benefit is obtained on or after April 1, 2017, irrespective of the date on which such arrangement was entered into. 

40 

- The Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2021 which introduced various amendments having an impact across various sectors including the industry in which we operate. We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. For instance, the Supreme Court of India has in a decision clarified the components of basic wages which need to be considered by companies while making provident fund payments, which resulted in an increase in the provident fund payments to be made by companies. Any such decisions in future or any further changes in interpretation of laws may have an impact on our results of operations. We have not determined the impact of these recent and proposed laws and regulations on our business. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. Further, if we are affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of such laws and regulations or any related proceedings, or are required to bear any costs in order to comply with such provisions or to defend such proceedings, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected. 

# **62.** **_If there is any change in tax laws or regulations, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements for the current and future years._** 

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Ordinance, 2019, a new tax ordinance issued by India’s Ministry of Finance on September 20, 2019, prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this new ordinance, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favor of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which would ultimately reduce the effective tax rate for Indian companies from 34.94% to approximately 25.17%. While we have opted for the concessional regime, any such future amendments may affect our other benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment and GST that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate with effect from July 1, 2017. We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

The Government of India will be announcing the union budget for Fiscal 2022 shortly, pursuant to which the Finance Act may undergo various amendments. We cannot assure you of the impact that any amendments which are introduced pursuant to the new budget will have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

# **63.** **_Financial difficulty and other problems in certain financial institutions in India could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

We are exposed to the risks of the Indian financial system which may be affected by the financial difficulties faced by certain Indian financial institutions whose commercial soundness may be closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships. This risk, which is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk”, may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, banks, securities firms and exchanges with which we interact on a daily basis. Any such difficulties or instability of the Indian financial system in general could create an adverse market perception about Indian financial institutions and banks and adversely affect our business. In Fiscal 2011, Indian government agencies initiated proceedings against certain financial institutions, alleging bribery in the loans and investment approval process, which impacted market sentiment. Similar developments in the future could negatively impact confidence in the financial sector and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

41 

# **64.** **_We may be affected by competition laws, the adverse application or interpretation of which could adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, of India, as amended (“ **Competition Act** ”) regulates, inter alia, practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India (“ **AAEC** ”). Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an AAEC is considered void and may result in the imposition of substantial penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or the provision of services or shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner, including by way of allocation of geographical area or number of customers in the relevant market or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an AAEC and is considered void. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. 

On March 4, 2011, the Government notified and brought into force the combination regulation (“ **Merger Control** ”) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to and pre-approved by the Competition Commission of India (the “ **CCI** ”). Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI notified Competition Commission of India (Procedure in regard to the transaction of business relating to combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the Merger Control regime in India. 

The Competition Act aims to, among others, prohibit all agreements and transactions which may have an AAEC in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an AAEC in India. However, the impact of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. However, since we pursue an acquisition driven growth strategy, we may be affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it would adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. 

# **65.** 

# **_Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Indian Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and trading does not guarantee that a market for our Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book-building process which will be based on numerous factors, and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price and liquidity for the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations and may also decline below the Offer Price in response to, among other factors: 

- volatility in the Indian and other global securities markets; 

- problems such as temporary closure, broker default and settlement delays experienced by the Indian Stock Exchanges; 

- the performance and volatility of the Indian and global economy; 

- financial instability in emerging markets that may lead to loss of investor confidence; 

- risks relating to our business and industry, including those discussed in this Red Herring Prospectus; 

- strategic actions by us or our competitors; 

- investor perception of the investment opportunity associated with our Equity Shares and our future performance; 

- adverse media reports about us, our Shareholders, Associate Company or our Group Company; 

- future sales of our Equity Shares; 

- variations in our quarterly results of operations; 

- differences between our actual financial and operating results and those expected by investors and analysts; 

- our future expansion plans; 

42 

- perceptions about our future performance or the performance of the retail industry generally; 

- changes in the estimates of our performance or recommendations by financial analysts; 

- significant developments in India’s economic liberalisation and deregulation policies; and 

- significant developments in India’s fiscal and environmental regulations. 

There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and our Equity Share price could fluctuate significantly as a result of market volatility. A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. There can be no assurances that Bidders who are Allotted Equity Shares through the Offer will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

# **66.** **_QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after Bid/Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to block the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Similarly, Retail Individual Investors can revise or withdraw their Bids at any time during the Bid/Offer Period and until the Bid/Offer Closing Date, but not thereafter. Therefore, QIBs and NonInstitutional Investors will not be able to withdraw or lower their Bids following adverse developments in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or otherwise at any stage after the submission of their Bids. 

# **67.** **_You may not be able to immediately sell any of the Equity Shares you subscribe to in this Offer on an Indian stock exchange._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. In accordance with applicable Indian laws, permission for listing of the Equity Shares will not be granted until after the Equity Shares in this Offer have been Allotted and submission of all other relevant documents authorising the issuing of the Equity Shares. There could be failure or delays in listing the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. 

Further, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and commence trading. Investors’ book entry, or “demat” accounts with Depository Participants are expected to be credited with Equity Shares within one Working Day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Designated Stock Exchange. Thereafter, upon receipt of listing and trading approval from the Stock Exchanges, trading in the Equity Shares is expected to commence within six Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date. 

We cannot assure you that the Equity Shares will be credited to the investors’ demat account, or that the trading in the Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approvals would restrict your ability to dispose of the Equity Shares. 

# **68.** **_Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction the investors are located in do not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in us would be reduced. 

# **69.** **_Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholdings, and sales of our Equity Shares by our Promoter or other major shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

There is a risk that we may be required to finance our growth or strengthen our balance sheet through additional equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. In addition, any sales of substantial amounts of our Equity Shares in the public market after the completion of this Offer, including by SCI and SCI-GIH (whose post-Offer shareholding is exempt from statutory lock-in on account of being a foreign venture capital investor) or our Promoter or other major shareholders, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our Equity Shares and could materially impair our future ability to raise capital through offerings of our Equity Shares. Our Promoters currently hold an aggregate of 61.31% of our outstanding Equity Shares. After the completion of the Offer, our Promoters will continue to hold a significant portion of our outstanding Equity 

43 

Shares. We cannot predict what effect, if any, market sales of our Equity Shares held by our Promoters or other major shareholders or the availability of these Equity Shares for future sale will have on the market price of our Equity Shares. 

# **70.** **_It may not be possible for investors outside India to enforce any judgment obtained outside India against our Company or our management or our Associate or affiliates in India, except by way of a suit in India._** 

Our Company is incorporated as a public limited company under the laws of India and all of our directors and executive officers reside in India. Further, certain of our assets, and the assets of our executive officers and directors, may be located in India. As a result, it may be difficult to effect service of process outside India upon us and our executive officers and directors or to enforce judgments obtained in courts outside India against us or our executive officers and directors, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of jurisdictions outside India. 

India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, which includes the United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong. In order to be enforceable, a judgment from a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Indian Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (the “ **Civil Code** ”). The Civil Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. However, the party in whose favour such final judgment is rendered may bring a fresh suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in a non-reciprocating territory within three years of obtaining such final judgment. Further, there are considerable delays in the disposal of suits by Indian courts. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis or to the same extent as was awarded in a final judgment rendered by a court in another jurisdiction if the Indian court believed that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy in India. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of the judgment. 

# **71.** **_Any adverse change in India’s sovereign credit rating by an international rating agency could adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

In November 2016, Standard & Poor’s, an international rating agency, reiterated its negative outlook on India’s credit rating. It identified India’s high fiscal deficit and heavy debt burden as the most significant constraints on its rating, and recommended the implementation of reforms and containment of deficits. Standard & Poor’s affirmed its outlook on India’s sovereign debt rating to “stable”, while reaffirming its “BBB-” rating. In May 2017, Fitch, another international rating agency, affirmed India’s sovereign outlook to “stable” and affirmed its rating as “BBB-”. While in November 2017 Moody's Investors Service (“ **Moody** ”) upgraded the Sovereign Credit Rating of India to Baa2 from Baa3, upgraded the Government of India’s local and foreign currency issuer ratings to Baa2 from Baa3 and changed the outlook on the rating to stable from positive, going forward, the sovereign ratings outlook will remain dependent on whether the government is able to transition the economy into a high-growth environment, as well as exercise adequate fiscal restraint. India’s sovereign rating decreased from Baa2 with a “negative” outlook to Baa3 with a “negative” outlook by Moody’s and from BBB with a “stable” outlook to BBB with a “negative” outlook (Fitch) in June 2020; and from BBB “stable” to BBB “negative” by DBRS in May 2020. As of September 2020, India’s sovereign rating from S&P is BBB- with a “stable” outlook. Any further adverse change in India’s credit ratings by international rating agencies may adversely impact the Indian economy and consequently our business. 

# **72.** 

# **_The requirements of being a listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. 

Further, as a listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

# **73.** 

# **_Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, IFRS and U.S. GAAP, which may be material to investors' assessment of our financial condition._** 

44 

The Restated Financial Statements for the six month periods ended September 30, 2020 and September 30, 2019 and Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018 included in this Red Herring Prospectus have been prepared under Ind AS notified under the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 read with Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 to the extent applicable. In accordance with Ind AS 101 First-time Adoption of Indian Accounting Standard, we have presented reconciliation from Indian GAAP to Ind AS. Please refer to “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 173. Except as otherwise provided in the “Financial Statements” with respect to Indian GAAP, no attempt has been made to reconcile any of the information given in this Red Herring Prospectus to any other principles or to base the information on any other standards. Ind AS differs from other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar, such as Indian GAAP, IFRS and U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, the degree to which the financial statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Ind AS. Persons not familiar with Ind AS should limit their reliance on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

In addition, our Restated Financial Statements may be subject to change if new or amended Ind AS accounting standards are issued in the future or if we revise our elections or selected exemptions in respect of the relevant regulations for the implementation of Ind AS. 

# **74.** **_A decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves may affect liquidity and interest rates in the Indian economy, which could adversely affect our financial condition._** 

A decline or future material decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could impact the valuation of the Rupee and could result in reduced liquidity and higher interest rates which could adversely affect our borrowing rates and future financial performance. 

# **75.** **_Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and widespread as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

# **76.** **_You may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under the Income Tax Act, 1961, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India except any gain realised on the sale of shares on a stock exchange held for more than 12 months will not be subject to capital gains tax in India if the STT has been paid on the transaction. The STT will be levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realised on the sale of shares held for more than 12 months to an Indian resident, which are sold other than on a recognised stock exchange and as a result of which no STT has been paid, will be subject to long term capital gains tax in India. Further, any gain realised on the sale of shares on a stock exchange held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax. Further, any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. Additionally, the Finance Act, 2020 (" **Finance Act** ") does not require dividend distribution tax (" **DDT** ") to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. 

# **77.** **_Government regulation of foreign ownership of Indian securities may have an adverse effect on the price of the Equity Shares._** 

Foreign ownership of Indian securities is subject to government regulation. In accordance with foreign exchange regulations currently in effect in India, under certain circumstances the RBI must approve the sale of the Equity Shares from a nonresident of India to a resident of India or vice-versa if the sale does not meet certain requirements specified by the RBI. Additionally, any person who seeks to convert the Rupee proceeds from any such sale into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India is required to obtain a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. As provided in the foreign exchange controls currently in effect in India, the RBI has provided that the price at which the Equity Shares are transferred be calculated in accordance with internationally accepted pricing methodology for the valuation of shares at an arm’s length basis, and a higher (or lower, as applicable) price per share may not be permitted. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other government agency can be obtained on terms favourable to a non-resident investor in a timely manner or at all. Because of possible delays in obtaining requisite approvals, investors in the Equity Shares may be prevented from realizing gains during periods of price increase or limiting losses during periods of price decline. 

# **78.** **_A third party could be prevented from acquiring control of our Company because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

45 

There are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company, even if a change in control would result in the purchase of your Equity Shares at a premium to the market price or would otherwise be beneficial to you. Such provisions may discourage or prevent certain types of transactions involving actual or threatened change in control of our Company. Under the Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to its stakeholders, it is possible that such a takeover would not be attempted or consummated because of the Indian takeover regulations. 

# **79.** **_Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian law that limits our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely impact the market price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions) if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI or in the alternate, the pricing is in compliance with the extant provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. If the transfer of shares is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then the prior approval of the RBI will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert the Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no objection or a tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority. Further, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade, Government of India, investments where the beneficial owner of the Equity Shares is situated in or is a citizen of a country which shares land border with India, can only be made through the Government approval route, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other Government agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further details, please see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 299. 

# **80.** **_Natural calamities could have a negative effect on the Indian economy and cause our business to suffer._** 

India has experienced natural calamities such as earthquakes, tsunami, floods and drought in the past few years. The extent and severity of these natural disasters determines their effect on the Indian economy. Further prolonged spells of below normal rainfall or other natural calamities in the future could have a negative effect on the Indian economy, adversely affecting our business and the price of our Equity Shares. 

# **81.** **_Civil disturbances, regional conflicts and other acts of violence in India and abroad may disrupt or otherwise adversely affect the Indian economy._** 

Certain events that are beyond the control of our Company, such as violence or war, including those involving India, the United Kingdom, the United States or other countries, may adversely affect worldwide financial markets and could potentially lead to a severe economic recession, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and more generally, any of these events could lower confidence in India's economy. Southern Asia has, from time to time, experienced instances of civil unrest and political tensions and hostilities among neighbouring countries. Political tensions could create a perception that there is a risk of disruption of services provided by India-based companies, which could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance and price of the Equity Shares. Furthermore, if India were to become engaged in armed hostilities, particularly hostilities that are protracted or involve the threat or use of nuclear weapons, the Indian economy and consequently Company's operations might be significantly affected. India has from time to time experienced social and civil unrest and hostilities, including riots, regional conflicts and other acts of violence. Events of this nature in the future could have an adverse effect on our ability to develop our business. As a result, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Investors may contact any of the Book Running Lead Managers, who have submitted due diligence certificate to SEBI, for any complaints, information or clarification pertaining to the Offer. For further information regarding grievances in relation to the Offer, see “ _General Information_ ” on page 53. 

46 

