# **SECTION III - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in our Equity Shares involves a certain degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares or the industry in which we operate. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If any or some combination of the following risks or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial actually occur, our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could suffer, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. Prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 130, 95 and 263, respectively of, as well as the financial and other information contained in, this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries. This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further details, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 18._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from industry publications and other publicly available information, including, in particular, the CRISIL Report, which is commissioned and paid for by our Company exclusively for the purposes of the Offer. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the Industry Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year._ 

_Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated or context requires otherwise, the financial information included herein is derived from our Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

# **Internal risk factors** 

**_1. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from the sale of certain products and any reduction in demand for these products could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition_** _._ 

We generate a significant portion of our revenue from operations from the sale of a limited number of products. The following table sets forth details of revenue contribution of our top three, top five and top 10 API and related products, for the Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021 and for the six month period ended September 30, 2021: 

|**Fiscal/**<br>**Period**|**Top three A**<br>**pr**<br>**Revenue**|**PI and related**<br>**oducts**<br>**As a % of**<br>**revenue from**<br>**operations**|**Top five AP**<br>**pro**<br>**Revenue**|**I and related**<br>**ducts**<br>**As a % of**<br>**revenue from**<br>**operations**|**Top 10 AP**<br>**pro**<br>**Revenue**|(_In_`_million_)<br>**I and related**<br>**ducts**<br>**As a % of**<br>**revenue from**<br>**operations**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Fiscal 2019|1,352.56|48.68|1,782.31|64.15|2,258.92|81.30|
|Fiscal 2020|1,697.20|54.46|2,078.45|66.69|2,681.95|86.06|
|Fiscal 2021|1,942.55|50.41|2,457.92|63.78|3,121.17|80.99|
|April<br>1,<br>2021<br>to|1,172.07|52.14|1,487.23|66.16|1,931.88|85.94|



26 

||**Top three**<br>**p**|**API and related**<br>**roducts**|**Top five A**<br>**pr**|**PI and related**<br>**oducts**|**Top 10 AP**<br>**pr**|**I and related**<br>**oducts**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Fiscal/**<br>**Period**|**Revenue**|**As a % of**<br>**revenue from**<br>**operations**|**Revenue**|**As a % of**<br>**revenue from**<br>**operations**|**Revenue**|**As a % of**<br>**revenue from**<br>**operations**|
|September<br>30, 2021|||||||



Our revenue from the sale of these products may decline as a result of increased competition, regulatory action, pricing pressures or fluctuations in the demand for or supply of such products. Similarly, in the event of any breakthroughs in the development or invention of alternative products for these categories, we may be exposed to the risk of our products becoming obsolete or being substituted by such alternatives. If we are unable to continue to sell our top products in the market or maintain historic levels of business from these products or fail to successfully introduce new products in other categories to compensate for any losses in these categories, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_2. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from a few customers and the loss of one or more such customers, the deterioration of their financial condition or prospects, or a reduction in their demand for our products could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are dependent on a limited number of customers for a significant portion of our revenues. The details of the revenue contribution by our top three and top 10 customers for the Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021 and for the six month period ended September 30, 2021: 

|||||_(In_`_million)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Top three c**|**ustomers**|**Top 10 cu**|**stomers**|
|**Fiscal/ Period**|**Revenue**|**As a % of**<br>**revenue from**<br>**operations**|**Revenue (in**`**)**|**As a % of**<br>**revenue from**<br>**operations**|
|Fiscal 2019|404.38|14.55|840.17|30.24|
|Fiscal 2020|516.29|16.57|1,000.00|32.09|
|Fiscal 2021|831.96|21.59|1,545.26|40.10|
|April 1, 2021 to September<br>30, 2021|696.39|30.98|1,059.55|47.13|



Further, we currently do not have long term contractual arrangements with our customers and conduct business with them on the basis of purchase orders that are placed from time to time. Further, some of our customers currently manufacture or may start manufacturing their own APIs and may discontinue purchasing APIs from us. The loss of one or more of our significant customers or a reduction in the amount of business we obtain from them could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our reliance on a select group of customers may also constrain our ability to negotiate our arrangements, which may have an impact on our profit margins and financial performance. The deterioration of the financial condition or business prospects of these customers could reduce their requirement of our products and result in a significant decrease in the revenues we derive from these customers. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain historic levels of business from our significant customers, or that we will be able to significantly reduce customer concentration in the future. 

**_3. Our international operations expose us to complex management, legal, tax and economic risks, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We have a global presence and from April 1, 2020 until October 31, 2021, our products were exported to 86 countries to 1,296  customers including 346 distributors. As a result, our business is subject to risks and challenges associated with international operations, including risks related to complying with several local laws, restrictions on the import and export of certain intermediates, drugs, technologies, multiple tax and cost structures, cultural and language factors. Further, regulatory requirements are still evolving in many markets and are subject to change and as a result may, at times, be unclear or inconsistent. We could also face other internal or external risks, including, inter alia, foreign exchange and economic volatility, any need to obtain governmental approvals and permits under unfamiliar regulatory regimes, restrictions on the transfer of funds into or out of a country, longer payment cycles in some countries and inability to maintain or enforce legal 

27 

rights and remedies and at a reasonable cost or at all. If we do not effectively manage our international operations, it may affect our profitability from such countries, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_4. If we do not successfully develop or commercialise new products in a timely manner, or if the products that we commercialise do not perform as expected, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected._** 

Our success depends significantly on our ability to develop and commercialise new products in a timely manner. The development and commercialisation processes are both time consuming and costly and involve a high degree of business risk. During these periods, our competitors may be developing similar products of which we may be unaware of that could compete directly or indirectly with our products under development. Due to the prolonged period of time for developing a new product and delays associated with regulatory approval process, we may invest resources in developing products that will face competition of which we are currently unaware. Such unforeseen competition may hinder our ability to effectively plan the timing of our product development, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Commercialisation requires us to successfully develop, test, manufacture and obtain the required regulatory approvals for our products, while complying with applicable regulatory and safety standards in each jurisdiction we supply to. Further, developing and commercializing a new product is time consuming, costly and subject to numerous factors, including: the ability to develop new products in a timely manner in compliance with regulatory requirements, the ability to correctly anticipate customer needs, delays or unanticipated costs, ability to scale up manufacturing methods to successfully manufacture commercial quantities of products in compliance with regulatory requirements, and sourcing of, or captive production, of key raw materials. 

Our products currently under development, if and when fully developed and tested, may not perform as we expect, or necessary regulatory approvals may not be obtained in a timely manner, or at all, and we may not be able to successfully and profitably produce and market such products. Moreover, it may take an extended period of time for our new products to gain market acceptance, if at all. To develop our product pipeline, we commit substantial time, efforts, funds and other resources for R&D. The following tables sets forth our R&D spend for the last three Fiscals and for the six month period ended September 30, 2021: 

|**Fiscal/ Period**|**R&D spend (in**`**million)**|**R&D spend (percentage of o**<br>**revenue)**|**perating**|
|---|---|---|---|
|2019|8.61||0.31|
|2020|14.59||0.47|
|2021|15.33||0.40|
|April<br>1,<br>2021<br>to||||
|<br>September30,2021|14.43||0.64|



Our investments in new product launches and R&D for future products could result in higher costs without a proportionate increase in revenues or profits, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

**_5. The COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency, could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Since first being reported in December 2019, the outbreak of COVID-19 has spread globally. The World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 to be a public health emergency of international concern in January 2020, and a global pandemic in March 2020. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency could have, repercussions across regional and global economies and financial markets. The outbreak of COVID19 in many countries, including India, Europe and the United States, has significantly and adversely impacted economic activity and has contributed to significant volatility and negative pressure in financial markets, and it is possible that the outbreak of COVID-19 will cause a prolonged global economic crisis, recession or depression, despite monetary and fiscal interventions by governments and central banks globally. 

28 

The global impact of the outbreak has been rapidly evolving. Most of the jurisdictions, including where we have business operations, have reacted by instituting restrictive measures including invoking lock-downs and quarantines, requiring the closure of non-essential businesses and placing restrictions on the types of businesses that may continue to operate, mandating restrictions on travel, implementing “shelter-in-place” rules and “stay-at-home” orders, and enforcing remote working regulations. No prediction can be made of when any of the restrictions currently in place will be further relaxed or expire, or whether or when further restrictions will be announced. Although, depending on how well COVID-19 situation is under control, some government authorities are beginning to ease or lift these restrictions, the impacts from the severe disruptions caused by the effective lock-down and shutdown of large segments of the global economy remain unknown. 

On March 24, 2020, the Government of India ordered a national lockdown in response to the spread of COVID-19. Our business was determined to be operating in an essential industry, which allowed us to continue our operations subsequent to the introduction of the lockdown in India, subject to certain safety protocols and adjustments in working patterns. With the decrease in number of COVID-19 cases, the lockdown was slowly eased during the end of 2020 and early 2021. However, with gradual increase in number of COVID-19 cases from February 2021 and steep increase from March 2021, various States in India had imposed stricter lockdown. Presently, again with substantial decrease in number of COVID-19 cases, Covid19 related restrictions have been largely eased. There can be no assurance that in the near future there will not be spike in number of m COVID-19 cases, leading to stricter restrictions and even lockdown. 

There can be no assurance that there will not be any material impact on our operations if the outbreak of COVID-19 is not effectively controlled. Further, although the products we manufacture were declared as essential business products and were able to adjust our business to continue operating during the lockdown, there can be no assurance that further restrictions will not be introduced. Further, we may be required to quarantine employees that are suspected of being infected of COVID-19, as well as others that have come into contact with those employees or shut down our manufacturing facility, which could have an adverse effect on our business operations. If any of our suppliers or other service providers are affected by COVID19 and consequently to the extent our supply chain or distribution is disrupted, this may affect our ability to meet the demand of our customers. 

The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency impacts our business, operations and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including: the scope, severity, and duration of the pandemic; actions taken by governments, business and individuals in response to the pandemic; the effect on customer demand for and ability to pay for our products; the impact on our capital expenditure and drug development projects; disruptions or restrictions on our employees’ and suppliers’ ability to work and travel; volatility in foreign exchange rates; any extended period of remote work arrangements; and strain on our or our customers’ business continuity plans, and resultant operational risk. For instance, due to restrictions imposed during COVID-19 and consequent shortage of labour, there was a delay in the completion of a block of our manufacturing facility by one quarter. The said block commenced operations on May 30, 2021. Whilst there is no material adverse impact on our business at this stage, our Company has not been able to conclusively assess the future impact of COVID-19 including the ongoing lockdown on its business. The COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency could therefore materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

**_6. Our business is subject to extensive regulation. If we fail to comply with regulations prescribed by governments and regulatory agencies or if we fail to obtain, maintain or renew our statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals required to operate our business, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected._** 

We operate in a highly regulated industry and our operations are subject to extensive regulation in each market in which we do business. All aspects of our business, including our research and development activities, manufacturing operations and sales and marketing activities, are subject to extensive legislation and regulation by various local, regional, national and overseas regulatory regimes. Our business is subject to, among other things, the receipt of all required licenses, permits and authorisations, which are granted for a limited duration and require renewal. 

Further, regulatory authorities in certain markets in which we market and sell our products, such as USA and Europe, must approve our manufacturing facility and our products before we, or our distribution agents can 

29 

market them, irrespective of whether such products are approved in India or elsewhere. A majority of these approvals require renewal from time to time. 

There can be delays in obtaining required clearances from regulatory authorities after applications are filed. If we fail to comply with the applicable laws and regulations or we do not receive the required approvals or are not able to renew the approvals in a timely manner, we may be subject to penalties, including the revocation or suspension of our licenses and approvals. Our failure to obtain such licenses and approvals and comply with the applicable laws and regulations could lead to imposition of sanctions by the relevant authorities including penalties. 

As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, in the ordinary course of business, there are certain pending licenses, approvals and permits. For details, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 301. We cannot assure you that such approvals will be issued or granted to us in a timely manner, or at all. Further, in respect of one of the plot of land sub-leased to our Company, we are in the process of transferring all the relevant licenses, approvals and permits in our Company’s name from the lessor’s name, in accordance with the terms of permission granted by MIDC. 

Our manufacturing facility and products are also subject to periodic inspection/audit by regulatory agencies. Regulatory agencies may at any time reassess our manufacturing facility or the efficacy of our products based on newly developed scientific knowledge or other factors. If we are not in compliance with any of their requirements and if such audits or other reassessments result in warnings or sanctions, the relevant regulator may issue warning letter or impose sanctions, amend or withdraw our existing approvals to manufacture and market our products in relevant jurisdiction, initiate product recalls and product seizures and interrupt our operations, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. For example, an audit was conducted on our Company by NMPA in December, 2019, pursuant to which certain observations were issued and a temporary ban was imposed on the import of one of our products, namely Chlorpheniramine Maleate, into China on March 17, 2020. We submitted our responses to NMPA’s observations, and the ban was lifted on December 14, 2020. 

The approvals required by our Company are subject to numerous conditions and while in the past none of our approvals have been suspended or revoked due to non-compliance, we cannot assure you that these would not be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action in the future. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business. 

From April 1, 2020 until October 31, 2021, our products were exported to 86 countries, including some where we have limited experience and are subject to risks related to complying with a wide variety of local laws, including restrictions on the import and export of certain intermediates, drugs, technologies and multiple and possibly overlapping tax structures. If we fail to comply with such regulations, it could lead to restrictions on sale of products, enforced shutdowns and other sanctions imposed by relevant authorities, as well as the withholding or delay in receipt of regulatory approvals for our new products. Further, regulatory requirements are still evolving in many markets and are subject to change and as a result may, at times, be unclear or inconsistent. Consequently, there is increased risk that we may inadvertently fail to comply with such regulations, which could lead to enforced shutdowns and other sanctions imposed by the relevant authorities, as well as the withholding or delay in receipt of regulatory approvals for our new products. 

In the international markets in which we sell our products, the approval process for a new product can be complex, lengthy and expensive. The time taken to obtain approvals varies by country but generally takes between one to two years from the date of application. If we fail to obtain such approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions, in a timely and cost efficient manner or at all, our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

**_7. Any manufacturing or quality control problems may damage our reputation and expose us to litigation or other liabilities, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition._** 

We develop, manufacture and market a diverse range of active pharmaceuticals ingredients, either directly to pharmaceutical manufacturers or to pharmaceutical distributors. We are required to meet stringent quality standards and specifications for manufacturing and storage of our products. We are liable for the quality of 

30 

our products for the entire duration of the shelf life of the product and are exposed to claims resulting from quality control issues including manufacturing defects or negligence in storage or handling, which may lead to the deterioration of our products. 

The products that we produce are also subject to risks such as contamination, during their production, transportation or storage. Defects, if any, in our products could lead to rejection of supplied products and consequential financial claims. We are also exposed to risks associated with product liability claims if the use of our products results in personal injury. We face the risk of loss resulting from, and the adverse publicity associated with, product liability lawsuits, whether or not such claims are valid. While we have not faced any product liability claims or recall claims in the past three years and while we seek to conform our products to meet a variety of contractual specifications and regulatory requirements, there can be no assurance that product liability claims or recall claims against us will not arise, whether due to product malfunctions, defects, or other causes. The existence, or even threat, of a major product liability claim could damage our reputation, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_8. Non-compliance with and changes in, safety, health, environmental and labour laws and other applicable regulations, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We are subject to laws and government regulations, including in relation to safety, health, environmental protection and labour. These laws and regulations impose controls on air and water discharge, noise levels, storage handling, employee exposure to hazardous substances and other aspects of our manufacturing operations. Further, our products, including the process of manufacture, storage and distribution of such products, are subject to numerous laws and regulations in relation to quality, safety and health. We handle and use hazardous materials in our R&D and manufacturing activities and the improper handling or storage of these materials could result in accidents, injure our personnel, property and damage the environment. We try to prevent such hazards by training our personnel, conducting industrial hygiene assessments and employing other safety measures. However, we cannot assure you that we will not experience accidents in the future. Any accident at our facility may result in personal injury or loss of life, substantial damage to or destruction of property and equipment resulting in the suspension of operations. 

Further, laws and regulations may limit the amount of hazardous and pollutant discharge that our manufacturing facility may release into the air and water. The discharge of materials that are chemical in nature or of other hazardous substances into the air, soil or water beyond these limits may cause us to be liable to regulatory bodies or third parties. Any of the foregoing could subject us to litigation, which could lower our profits in the event we were found liable and could also adversely affect our reputation. Additionally, the government or the relevant regulatory bodies may require us to shut down our manufacturing plants, which in turn could lead to product shortages that delay or prevent us from fulfilling our obligations to customers. 

We are also subject to the laws and regulations governing employees, including in relation to minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and termination of employees, contract labour and work permits. We have incurred and expect to continue incurring costs for compliance with such laws and regulations. We have also made and expect to continue making capital expenditures on an on-going basis to comply with all applicable environmental, health and safety and labour laws and regulations. These laws and regulations have, however, become increasingly stringent and it is possible that they will become significantly more stringent in the future. There has been no action or show-cause notice taken/ issued by pollution control boards/ courts on environmental matters, against the Company in the past three years. Further, there has been no safety / labour related non-compliances by the Company during the past three years. While we have not been found to be in non-compliance in the past, we cannot assure you that we will not be found to be in non-compliance with, or remain in compliance with all applicable environmental, health and safety and labour laws and regulations or the terms and conditions of any consents or permits in the future or that such compliance will not result in a curtailment of production or a material increase in the costs of production. 

**_9. We have not entered into definitive agreements to use the proceeds of the Fresh Issue_** 

We intend to utilize a portion of the Net Proceeds for funding our capital expenditure requirements which includes, inter alia, the expansion of manufacturing capacity. Such expansion of our manufacturing capacity may be subject to regulatory restrictions and we may face other challenges. Further, we cannot assure you that such expansion plans will be successfully implemented. Any delay or increase in the costs of construction 

31 

and equipment could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. We have not entered into any definitive agreements to utilize the Net Proceeds for this object of the Offer and have relied on the quotations received from third parties for estimation of the cost. While we have obtained the quotations from various vendors in relation to such capital expenditure, most of these quotations are valid for a certain period of time and may be subject to revisions, and other commercial and technical factors, including our financial and market condition, business and strategy, competition, negotiation with suppliers, variation in cost estimates on account of factors, including changes in design or configuration of the equipment and other external factors including changes in the price of the equipment due to variation in commodity prices (including steel) which may not be within the control of our management. We cannot assure you that we will be able to undertake such capital expenditure within the cost indicated by such quotations or that there will not be cost escalations. For details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 74. 

**_10. Any delay in production at, disruption or shutdown of our manufacturing facility, or failure to achieve optimal capacity utilisation at such facility could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business operations are currently supported by our manufacturing facility located in Parshuram Lote, Maharashtra. The success of our manufacturing activities depends on, among other things, the continued functioning of our manufacturing processes and machinery, the productivity of our workforce and compliance with regulatory requirements. Any interruption at our manufacturing facility, including on account of natural or man-made disasters, workforce disruptions, industrial accidents, fire, failure of plants and machinery and cancelation, revocation, non-renewal or non-grant of regulatory approvals, could delay production or require us to shut down the affected manufacturing facility. For instance, there have been two instances of accidents causing fire in our manufacturing facility in the past, one of which caused a shutdown for seven days. However, none of these accidents have had any material adverse effect on our results of business operations and financials. Further, due to restrictions imposed during COVID-19 and consequent shortage of labour, there was a delay in operationalisation of one block of our manufacturing facility by one quarter. The said block commenced operations on May 30, 2021. However, such delay did not have any material adverse effect on our results of business operations and financials. The shutdown of our facility could result in us being unable to meet with our contractual commitments, which will have an adverse effect on our business, results of operation and financial condition. In addition, we operate in a highly regulated industry and may also be subject to manufacturing disruptions due to delays in receipt or renewal of regulatory approvals, which are site-specific and may require our manufacturing facility to limit or cease production until the required approvals are received or renewed, as the case may be, or disputes concerning these approvals are resolved. 

Further, any significant malfunction or breakdown of our machinery may entail significant repair and maintenance costs and cause delays in our operations. We may also be required to carry out planned shutdowns of our facilities for maintenance, statutory inspections, and testing, or may shut down certain facilities for capacity expansion and equipment upgrades. Any material interruption at our manufacturing facility could reduce our ability to meet the conditions of our contracts and earnings for the affected period, which could affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our manufacturing and R&D facilities are located in Maharashtra. Any significant social, political or economic disruption or natural calamities or civil disruptions in these locations or changes in the policies by the Government of Maharashtra could require us to incur significant capital expenditure and change our business strategy. Our business is dependent upon our ability to manage our manufacturing and R&D facilities, which are subject to various operating risks, including political instability. 

**_11. Under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities and an inability to effectively utilize our expanded manufacturing capacities could have an adverse effect on our business, future prospects and future financial performance_** 

Our capacity utilisation for Fiscals 2019, 2020, 2021 and for the period from April 1, 2021 to October 31, 2021, was 63%, 63%, 71% and 49 %, respectively. We may not be able to achieve optimal capacity utilisation at our existing manufacturing facility. Our capacity utilization is affected by the availability of raw materials, industry/ market conditions as well as by the product requirements of, and procurement practice followed by, our customers. In the event that we are unable to procure sufficient raw materials, we would not be able to achieve full capacity utilization of our current manufacturing facilities, resulting in operational inefficiencies which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Further, if our customers 

32 

place orders for less than anticipated volume or cancel existing orders or change their policies resulting in reduced quantities being supplied by us, it could result in the under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities. Further, we make significant decisions, including determining the levels of business that we will seek and accept, production schedules, personnel requirements and other resource requirements, based on our estimates of customer orders. The changes in demand for their products could reduce our ability to estimate accurately future customer requirements, make it difficult to schedule production and lead to over production or utilization of our manufacturing capacity for a particular product. Any such mismatch leading to over or under utilization of our manufacturing facilities could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Further, one of our objects of the Offer is funding capital expenditure requirements of our Company to expand our existing manufacturing facilities at main plant at Lote. We cannot assure you that the capacity installed through the objects of the Offer will be utilised completely, and therefore it may result in further underutilisation of capacity. For details of the proposed expansion of our manufacturing facilities, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” and “ _Our Business_ ” on pages 74 and 130, respectively. The success of any capacity expansion and expected return on investment on capital invested is subject to, among other factors, the ability to procure requisite regulatory approvals in a timely manner; recruit and ensure satisfactory performance of personnel to further grow our business; and the ability to absorb additional infrastructure costs and develop new expertise and utilize the expanded capacities as anticipated. 

In case of oversupply in the industry or lack of demand, we may not be able to utilise our expanded capacity efficiently. As a result, our historical capacity utilization rates are not indicative of future capacity utilization rates, which is dependent on various factors, including demand for our products, availability of raw materials, our ability to manage our inventory and implement our growth strategy of improving operational efficiency. Under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities over extended periods, or significant under-utilization in the short term, could materially and adversely impact our business, growth prospects and future financial performance. 

**_12. We depend to a large extent on third-party suppliers and transporters. An interruption in the supply of such products could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The raw materials essential to our manufacturing business are purchased primarily from suppliers in India, China, Europe and USA. The below table sets forth the percentage of raw materials sourced from suppliers in China, Europe and USA: 

|**Suppliers from**|**Percentage (%) of total raw**<br>**material cost – Fiscal 2021**|**Percentage (%) of total raw**<br>**material cost – April 1, 2021 to**<br>**October 31, 2021**|
|---|---|---|
|China|31|32|
|USA|4|5|
|Europe|1|2|



Raw materials are subject to supply disruptions and price volatility caused by various factors, including commodity market fluctuations, the quality and availability of supply, currency fluctuations, consumer demand and changes in government programs. Supply interruptions or delays may lead to delays in production and higher raw material costs. Our cost of raw materials for the Fiscals 2019, 2020, 2021 and for the six month period ended September 30, 2021 were _₹_ 1,460.72 million, _₹_ 1,523.84 million, _₹_ 1,405.71 million and _₹_ 883.61 million, respectively, which represented 51.10%, 47.22%, 35.48% and 38.41% of our total income for the Fiscals 2019, 2020, 2021 and for the six month period ended September 30, 2021, respectively. Generally, we do not execute agreements with any of the suppliers for long-term supplies of raw materials. Although we procure our raw materials from several suppliers to ensure consistent availability, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so in the future. We are exposed to the risk of delay in supplies of raw materials as well as price escalations. Our suppliers may be unable to provide us with a sufficient quantity of our raw materials at a suitable price for us to meet the demand for our products. Further, for certain raw material such as Para Chloro Benzyl Cyanide, we rely on limited number of suppliers because of the nature of the supply and scarce availability. If our suppliers are unable to supply us with adequate quantities of raw materials at commercially reasonable prices, or if we are unable to procure raw materials from other sources on commercially-acceptable term, or at all, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. In certain circumstances, our suppliers may choose to supply the raw materials to our competitors instead of us. There is a risk that one or more of these existing suppliers could discontinue their 

33 

operations, which could adversely impact our ability to source raw materials at a suitable price and meet our order requirements. Any increase in raw material prices will result in corresponding increases in our raw material costs. 

In addition, we use third party transportation providers for the supply of most of our raw materials and delivery of our products to domestic and overseas customers and distributors. Factors such as increased transportation costs and transportation strikes could adversely impact the supply of raw materials that we require and the delivery of our products. Raw materials and products may be lost, delayed or damaged in transit for various reasons including accidents and natural disasters. In the event of any disruption to our supply of the raw materials necessary for the production of our products at commercially acceptable prices, we may be forced to reduce, suspend or cease production or sale of certain of our products, and our sales volumes for the relevant product could be adversely affected. 

The occurrence of any such above event may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_13. Any recall of our products could adversely affect our business, prospects, reputation and results of operations._** 

Defects, if any, in our products could require us to undertake product recalls whether voluntary or in compliance with order of a regulatory authority. We may be required to expend considerable resources in undertaking such recalls and the demand for our products could be adversely affected. We have ongoing obligations to the regulatory authorities in the markets we operate, both before and after a product’s approval and commercial release. These regulatory authorities may at any time audit our manufacturing facility or the efficacy of our products based on newly developed scientific knowledge or other factors. Such assessments may result in such regulatory authorities amending or withdrawing our existing approvals to manufacture and market our products in certain jurisdictions, which may also entail us having to recall our products from the relevant markets. An audit was conducted on our Company by NMPA in December 2019, pursuant to which certain observations were issued and a temporary ban was imposed on the import of one of our products, namely Chlorpheniramine Maleate, into China on March 17, 2020. We submitted our responses to NMPA’s observations, and the ban was lifted on December 14, 2020. Although we have not experienced any product recalls in the past, we cannot assure you that we will not experience any product recalls in the future. 

**_14. Our lenders have imposed certain restrictive conditions on us under our financing arrangements. This may limit our ability to pursue our business and limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or industry._** 

<mark>As of October 31, 2021, we had total outstanding borrowings of ₹ 809.44 million. Our financing arrangements are secured by our movable and immovable assets. Our financing agreements include conditions and restrictive covenants, including the requirement that we obtain consent or intimation from our respective lenders prior to carrying out certain activities and entering into certain transactions including (a) the amendment of our memorandum and articles of association; and (b) issuance of new securities and changing our capital structure or management structure. We have obtained consent from our lender for the purpose of actions contemplated pursuant to the Offer, as required. These restrictions may limit our flexibility in responding to business opportunities, competitive developments and adverse economic or industry conditions. A breach of any of these covenants or a failure to pay interest or indebtedness when due under any of our financing arrangements, could result in a variety of adverse consequences, including the termination of one or more of our credit facilities, levy of penal interest, the enforcement of any security provided, and acceleration of all amounts due under such facilities, any of which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.</mark> 

We cannot assure you that we will continue to comply with all conditions and restrictive covenants under our financing agreements in the future. If the obligations under any of our financing agreements are accelerated, we may have to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments under such financing documents, thereby reducing the availability of cash for our working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes. Further, during any period in which we are in default, we may be unable to obtain further financing, or any refinancing of our debt could be at higher rates with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. Additionally, third parties may also have concerns over our financial position, and it may be difficult to market our financial products. Any of these circumstances or 

34 

other consequences could adversely affect our business, credit rating, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_15. The pharmaceutical industry is intensely competitive and our inability to compete effectively may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The pharmaceutical industry is a highly competitive market with several major pharmaceutical companies present, and therefore it is challenging to improve market share and profitability. Our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if our competitors gain significant market share at our expense, particularly in areas in which we are focused such as Asia and Europe. Many of our competitors may have greater financial, manufacturing, R&D, marketing and other resources, more experience in obtaining regulatory approvals, greater geographic reach, broader product ranges or a stronger sales force. Our competitors may succeed in developing products that are more effective, popular or cheaper than ours, which may render our products uncompetitive and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Further, some of our competitors, may be consolidating and integrating, and the strength of combined companies could affect our competitive position in all of our business areas. Consolidated corporations may have greater financial, manufacturing, R&D, marketing and other resources, broader product ranges and larger, stronger sales forces, which may make them more competitive than us. Pricing pressure could also arise due to the consolidation in trade channels and the formation of large buying groups. Additionally, if one of our competitors or their customers acquire any of our customers or suppliers, we may lose business from the customer or lose a supplier of a critical raw material or component, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_16. The nature of development and approval procedures in our pharmaceutical business may result in us lacking adequate information about our competitors’ activities._** 

The development of a pharmaceutical product involves lengthy development and approval periods before a product may be commercialized. During these periods, our competitors may be developing similar products of which we are unaware of that could compete directly or indirectly with our products in development. Because of these extensive periods of internal development and regulatory approval required before a product may be commercialized, we may invest substantial efforts and resources in developing products that will face competition of which we are currently unaware. Such unforeseen competition may hinder our ability to effectively plan the timing and order of our product development, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 

**_17. Changes in technology may render our current technologies obsolete or require us to make substantial capital investments._** 

Our industry rapidly changes due to technological advances and scientific discoveries. These changes result in the frequent introduction of new products and significant price competition. If our pharmaceutical technologies and delivery systems become obsolete, and we are unable to effectively introduce new products, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Although we strive to keep our technology, facilities and machinery current with the latest standards, the technologies, facilities and machinery we currently employ may become less competitive or even obsolete due to advancement in technology or changes in market demand, which may require substantial new capital expenditure. The cost of implementing new technologies and upgrading our manufacturing facilities could be significant. If our competitors introduce superior technology and we cannot make enhancements to ours to remain competitive, either because we do not have the resources to continually improve our technology by investing in R&D or for any other reason, our competitive position, and in turn our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

**_18. Our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business depends on our estimate of the long-term demand for our products from our customers. As is typical in the pharmaceutical industry, we maintain a reasonable level of inventory of raw materials, workin-progress and finished goods. As of September 30 , 2021, our total inventory amounted to _₹_ 884.60 million. 

35 

If we underestimate demand or have inadequate capacity due to which we are unable to meet the demand for our products, we may manufacture fewer quantities of products than required, which could result in the loss of business. While we forecast the demand for our products and accordingly plan our production volumes, any error in our forecast could result in surplus stock, which may not be sold in a timely manner. At times when we have overestimated demand, we may have incurred costs to build capacity or purchased more raw materials and manufactured more products than required. Further, the number of purchase orders that our customers place with us differ from quarter to quarter, which may impact our revenues. Also, each of our products has a shelf life of a specified number of years and if not sold prior to expiry, may lead to losses or if consumed after expiry, may lead to health hazards. Our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_19. Our business, result of operations and financial condition could be affected by adverse results of legal proceedings._** 

There are certain outstanding legal proceedings against our Company. These proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before different adjudication forums. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments”_ on page 298. If any of these outstanding litigations are decided against our Company, we may need to make provisions in our financial statements that could increase our expenses and current liabilities. 

We cannot assure you that these outstanding legal proceedings will be decided in our Company’s favor, or that no further liability will arise out of these proceedings. Further, such legal proceedings could divert management’s time and attention and consume financial resources. Any adverse outcome in any of these proceedings may adversely affect our profitability, reputation, business, result of operations and financial condition. 

<mark>A tabular summary of pending litigation based on the materiality policy adopted by our Board in its meeting held on May 6, 2021, involving our Company, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus is set out below:</mark> 

|**Nature of cases**|**Number of cases**|**Total amount involved (to the extent**<br>**quantifiable)****_(₹ million)_**|
|---|---|---|
|**Litigations involving our Company**|||
|**_Proceedings against our Company_**|||
|Criminal|2|-|
|Regulatory|2|35.36|
|Tax|1|6.55|



For further details of litigation indicated above, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 298. 

**_20. Our purchase and supply arrangements are governed by the laws of various countries and disputes arising from such arrangements may be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of courts situated in such countries._** 

Most of the purchase and supply arrangements with our suppliers and customers are governed by the laws of the country in which the customer is located. Further, any disputes related to such contracts may be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of courts situated in such countries. Any lawsuits with respect to such disputes must be instituted in a court having jurisdiction over the contract, which may cause difficulty for our Company to manage such suits and to obtain enforcement of awards and may also lead to greater costs for managing such litigation. 

**_21. Exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our results of operations as our export sales and sales outside India and a portion of our expenditures are denominated in foreign currencies._** 

Our financial statements are prepared in Indian Rupees. However, our net revenues from sales to international/global customers and a portion of our expenditures are denominated in foreign currencies, including the USD and Euro. While, as a result of portions of both our expenditures and net revenues from operations being denominated in foreign currencies, we have a natural hedge against exchange rate risks, the balance of our expenses and revenues is still affected by fluctuations in exchange rates. Exchange rate fluctuations could affect the amount of income and expenditure we recognise. In addition, the policies of the 

36 

Reserve Bank of India may also change from time to time, which may limit our ability to effectively hedge our foreign currency exposures and may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Further, our future capital expenditures, including any imported equipment and machinery, may be denominated in foreign currencies. Consequently, a decline in the value of the Indian Rupee against such other currencies could increase the Indian Rupee cost of capital or other expenditures. The exchange rates between the Indian Rupee and the United States dollar and the Euro have varied substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate significantly in the future. 

**_22._** _I_ **_f we are unable to raise additional capital, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected._** 

We will continue to incur significant expenditure in maintaining and growing our existing infrastructure. We cannot assure you that we will continue to have sufficient capital resources for our current operations or any future expansion plans that we may have. Our ability to incur any future borrowings is dependent upon the success of our operations. Additionally, the inability to obtain sufficient financing could adversely affect our ability to complete expansion plans. Our ability to arrange financing and the costs of capital of such financing are dependent on numerous factors, including general economic and capital market conditions, credit availability from banks, investor confidence, the continued success of our operations and other laws that are conducive to our raising capital in this manner. Any unfavourable change to terms of borrowings may adversely affect our cash flows, results of operations and financial conditions. If we decide to meet our capital requirements through debt financing, we may be subject to certain restrictive covenants. If we are unable to raise adequate capital in a timely manner and on acceptable terms, or at all, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

**_23. If we are unable to patent new processes and protect our proprietary information or other intellectual property, our business may be adversely affected._** 

As of October 31, 2021, we have filed three process patents in India and two process patents with WIPO. While we intend to defend against any threats to our intellectual property, we cannot assure you that our patents (once granted), trade secrets or other agreements will adequately protect our intellectual property. Our patent rights (once granted) may not prevent our competitors from developing, using or commercializing products that are functionally equivalent or similar to our products. Further, our patent application may fail to result in patents being issued, and our existing and future patents may be insufficient to provide us with meaningful protection or a commercial advantage. We cannot assure you that patents issued to us in the future will not be challenged or circumvented by competitors or that such patents will be found to be valid or sufficiently broad to protect our processes or to provide us with any competitive advantage. We may be required to negotiate licenses for patents from third parties to conduct our business, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. 

**_24. Our management team and other key personnel are critical to our continued success and the loss of any such personnel could adversely affect our business._** 

Our success significantly depends upon the continued service of our management team and other key personnel, and our research and development team and the ability to retain and attract qualified individuals is critical to our success. These executives possess technical and business capabilities that are difficult to replace. Competition for individuals with specialised knowledge and experience is intense in our industry, and we may be unable to attract, motivate, integrate or retain qualified personnel at levels of experience that are necessary to maintain our quality and reputation or to sustain or expand our operations. If we lose the services of any of these executives for any reason, we may be unable to replace them in a timely manner or at all, which may affect our ability to continue to manage and expand our business. We cannot assure you that any contingency plans which we may implement to replace these executives will be successful. During Fiscals 2019 and 2021, none of our Key Managerial Personnel left our Company, whereas two of our Key Managerial Personnel left our Company in each of the Fiscal 2020 and six months period ended September 30, 2021, respectively. During Fiscals 2020, 2019 and 2018, the attrition rate for employees in peer companies was 15.00%, 15.00% and 14.25%, (Source: CRISIL) 

37 

The following table sets forth our attrition rate for employees for the last three Fiscals: 

|**Fiscal**|**Attrition rate**|
|---|---|
|2019|21.60%|
|2020|17.40%|
|2021|10.00%|



Further, the members of our management team and other key personnel are employed pursuant to customary employment agreements, which may not provide adequate incentives for them to remain with us or adequately protect us in the event of their departure or otherwise. If we lose the services of any member of our management team or key personnel, we may be unable to locate suitable or qualified replacements and may incur additional expenses to recruit and train new personnel, which could adversely affect our business operations. Furthermore, as we expect to continue to expand our operations and develop new products, we will need to continue to attract and retain experienced management and key research and development personnel. If we are not able to attract and retain qualified personnel, our results of operations may be adversely affected. 

# **_25. Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of data security could adversely affect our business._** 

We depend upon information technology systems, including internet-based systems, for our business operations. The size and complexity of our computer systems make them potentially vulnerable to breakdown, malicious intrusion and computer viruses. Although we have not experienced any significant disruptions to our information technology systems, we cannot assure you that we will not encounter disruptions in the future. Any such disruption may result in the loss of key information and disruption of production and business processes, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

In addition, our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by employees or others that may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. Such data security breaches could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property or could lead to the public exposure of personal information (including sensitive personal information) of our employees, customers and others. Any such security breaches could have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_26. Our insurance coverage may not adequately protect us against all losses. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage which is not covered by insurance or exceeds our insurance coverage, our cash flows, results of operations and financial performance could be adversely affected._** 

<mark>We have industrial all risk policy insuring all of our assets such as buildings, plant and machinery and stocks. We have fire policy for our boilers. We also have marine transit insurance and credit insurance for domestic and export receivables. We also have a keyman insurance policy. We maintain workmen compensation policy and group mediclaim policy, for our employees. These insurance policies are subject to standard exclusion of risks. For details pertaining to insurance, see “</mark> _<mark>Our Business – Insurance</mark>_ <mark>” on page 145.</mark> 

While we believe that the insurance coverage which we maintain would be reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our business, we cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. Our insurance policies may not provide adequate coverage in certain circumstances and are subject to certain deductibles, standard exclusions and limits on coverage. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. As of October 31, 2021, we had insured ₹ 3,440.29 million of our assets, which represented 136 % of the value of our total assets. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, and which is not covered by insurance or exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

38 

**_27. We may be affected by strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees that could interfere with our operations._** 

As at October 31, 2021, we had 356 employees and 431 contract labourers. In the past, we have not faced any strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees that have interfered with our operations. We cannot assure you that our relations with our employees shall remain cordial at all times and that employees will not undertake or participate in strikes, work stoppages or other industrial actions in the future. Any labour disruptions may adversely affect our operations by delaying or slowing down our production, increasing our cost of production or even halting a portion of our production. This may also cause us to miss sales commitments, hurt our relationships with customers and disrupt our supply chain, which would affect our revenue and margins and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, we engage independent contractors through whom we engage contract labour for performance of certain functions at our manufacturing facilities as well as at our offices. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, we are responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and our financial condition. 

**_28. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders._** 

We have entered into various transactions with related parties, including for the purposes of, among other things, job works, reimbursement of labour expenses and lease rentals. For further details, see “ _Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 187. 

Further, our Company, pursuant to an agreement for sale date March 29, 2019, transferred the property situated at 207/208, Udyog Bhavan, Sonawala Road, Goregaon – East, Mumbai – 400063, Maharashtra, India, being our present Registered and Corporate Office, to our Promoter, for a consideration of ` 18.40 million. The said property has been leased by the Promoter to our Company pursuant to a lease agreement dated May 12, 2021, which is valid until May 11, 2041. The lease rental is ₹ 0.18 million per month, with an escalation of 5% every three years. 

While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis and contain commercially reasonable terms, we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favorable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. It is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. We cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, even if entered into at arms-length terms, will always be in the best interests of our shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_29. We have commissioned an industry report from CRISIL for an agreed fee and third party database which has been used for industry related data in this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

We commissioned CRISIL in March 2021 for an agreed fee, to produce reports on the pharmaceutical industry – API segment. CRISIL has provided us with a report titled ‘Market assessment of the Pharmaceutical API segment – May 2021 as updated by addendums dated July 23, 2021, July 29, 2021 and November 3, 2021’, which has been used for industry related data that has been disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus. Such information may be inconsistent with the facts and statistics compiled by other studies within or outside India. We are also unable to assure you that that such data is complete or accurate. Moreover, the industry report referred to in this Red Herring Prospectus includes projections that by their very nature are estimations. Therefore, discussions of matters relating to India, its economy and the industries in which we currently operate and their growth prospects, in this Red Herring Prospectus, are subject to the caveat that the statistical and other data upon which such discussions are based may be incomplete and are speculative. For further details, see “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 95. 

**_30. Following the listing of the Equity Shares in the Offer, we will continue to be controlled by our Promoters and Promoter Group._** 

Our Promoters and Promoter Group, in aggregate, own 99.98% of our total issued and paid-up Share capital as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, and will continue to control our Company through their 

39 

shareholding after the Offer. Their interests as controlling shareholders of our Company could be in conflict with the interests of our other shareholders. This concentration of ownership could limit your ability to influence corporate matters requiring shareholders’ approval. Our Promoters and Promoter Group will have the ability to significantly influence matters requiring shareholders’ approval, including the ability to appoint Directors on our Board and the right to approve significant actions at Board and at shareholders’ meetings, including the issuance of Equity Shares and dividend payments, business plans, mergers and acquisitions, any consolidation or joint venture arrangements, any amendment to our Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association. In addition, if our Shareholders do not act together, such matters requiring shareholders’ approval may be delayed or may not occur at all, which could adversely affect our business. We cannot assure you that our existing shareholders will not have conflicts of interest with other shareholders or with our Company. Any such conflict may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy or to operate our business. We cannot assure you that our Promoters and Promoter Group will act to resolve any conflicts of interest in favour of our Company or the other Shareholders. To the extent that the interests of our Promoters and Promoter Group differ from your interests, you may be disadvantaged by any action that our Promoters and Promoter Group may seek to pursue. 

**_31. We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been provided for in our financial statements, which, if they materialize, may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

The following table sets forth certain information relating to our contingent liabilities, which have not been provided for, as of September 30, 2021: 

||_(In ₹ million)_|
|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**As at September 30, 2021**|
|Bank guarantees|9.61|
|Disputed income tax, sales tax, service tax and GST demand<br>pending before commissioner|6.55|
|**Total **|**16.16**|



For further information on such contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37 – Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, see “ _Restated Financial Statements_ ” on page 188. 

If a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_32. If we are unable to establish and maintain an effective internal controls and compliance system, our business and reputation could be adversely affected._** 

We are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal measures commensurate with the size and complexity of operations. Our internal audit functions make an evaluation of the adequacy and effectiveness of internal systems on an ongoing basis to ensue adherence to our policies, compliance requirements and internal guidelines. We periodically test and update our internal processes and systems and there have been no past material instances of failure to maintain effective internal controls and compliance system. However, we are exposed to operational risks arising from the potential inadequacy or failure of internal processes or systems, and our actions may not be sufficient to ensure effective internal checks and balances in all circumstances. 

We take reasonable steps to maintain appropriate procedures for compliance and disclosure and to maintain effective internal controls over our financial reporting so that we produce reliable financial reports and prevent financial fraud. As risks evolve and develop, internal controls must be reviewed on an ongoing basis. Maintaining such internal controls requires human diligence and compliance and is therefore subject to lapses in judgment and failures that result from human error. Any lapses in judgment or failures that result from human error can affect the accuracy of our financial reporting, resulting in a loss of investor confidence and a decline in the price of our equity shares. 

Further, our operations are subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations. These laws generally prohibit us and our employees and intermediaries from bribing, being bribed or making other prohibited payments to government officials or other persons to obtain or retain business or gain some other business advantage. We participate in collaborations and relationships with third parties whose actions could potentially subject us to liability under these laws or other local anti-corruption laws. While our code of conduct requires our 

40 

employees and intermediaries to comply with all applicable laws, and we continue to enhance our policies and procedures in an effort to ensure compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations, these measures may not prevent the breach of such anti-corruption laws, as there are risks of such breaches in emerging markets, such as India, including within the pharmaceutical sector. If we are not in compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement and other sanctions and remedial measures, and legal expenses, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Likewise, any investigation of any potential violations of anti-corruption laws by the relevant authorities could also have an adverse impact on our business and reputation. 

**_33. Our management has discretion in how it may use the proceeds of the Offer. Any variation in the utilisation of our Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval._** 

Our use of the proceeds of the Offer is at the discretion of the management of our Company. As described in “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 74, we intend to use the Net Proceeds towards (i) funding capital expenditure requirements of our Company; (ii) repayment and/ or pre-payment, in full or part, of certain borrowings availed by our Company; and (iii) general corporate purposes. The planned use of the Net Proceeds is based on current conditions and is subject to changes in external circumstances, costs, other financial conditions or business strategies. The purposes for which the Net Proceeds are being raised pursuant to the Offer have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. The estimate of costs is based on project reports, as well as based on internal management estimates, which are subject to change and may result in cost escalation. These estimates may be inaccurate, and we may require additional funds to implement the purposes of the Offer. Any change or cost escalation can significantly increase the cost of the purposes for which the funds are being raised pursuant to the Offer. Our schedule of implementation for the use of proceeds from the Offer may be affected by various risks, including time and cost overruns as well as factors beyond our control. Any delay in our schedule of implementation may cause us to incur additional costs. Such time and cost overruns may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any variation in the planned use of the Net Proceeds would require Shareholders’ approval and may involve considerable time or cost overrun and in such an eventuality it may adversely affect our operations or business. 

The Offer includes a Fresh Issue and the Offer for Sale. The proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be paid to the Promoter and we will not receive any such proceeds. For further details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” and “ _Capital Structure_ ” on pages 74 and 60, respectively. 

**_34. Our proposed capacity expansion plans relating to our manufacturing facilities are subject to the risk of unanticipated delays in implementation and cost overruns._** 

<mark>We have made and intend to continue making investments to expand the capacity of our manufacturing facilities to aid our growth efforts. Our expansion plans remain subject to the potential problems and uncertainties that such projects face, including cost overruns or delays.</mark> 

<mark>Problems that could adversely affect our expansion plans include labour shortages, increased costs of equipment or manpower, inadequate performance of the equipment and machinery installed in our manufacturing facilities, delays in completion, defects in design or construction, the possibility of unanticipated future regulatory restrictions, incremental preoperative expenses, taxes and duties, interest and finance charges, working capital margin, environment and ecology costs and other external factors which may not be within the control of our management. There can be no assurance that the proposed capacity additions and expansions will be completed as planned or on schedule, and if they are not completed in a timely manner, or at all, our budgeted costs may be insufficient to meet our proposed capital expenditure requirements. If our actual capital expenditures significantly exceed our budgets, or even if our budgets were sufficient to cover these projects, we may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits of these projects, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete the aforementioned expansion and additions in accordance with the proposed schedule of implementation and any delay could have an adverse impact on our growth, prospects, cash flows and financial condition.</mark> 

41 

# **_35. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements and capital expenditure. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. Additionally, our ability to pay dividends may also be restricted by the terms of financing arrangements that we may enter into. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. For further details, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 185. 

**_36. If we inadvertently infringe on the patents or intellectual property rights of others, we may be subjected to legal action and our business and reputation may be adversely affected._** 

We operate in an industry characterized by extensive patent litigation, including both litigation by innovator companies relating to purported infringement of innovative products and processes by generic pharmaceuticals and litigation by competitors or innovator companies to delay the entry of a product into the market. Patent litigation can result in significant damages being awarded and injunctions that could prevent the manufacture and sale of certain products or require us to pay significant royalties in order to manufacture or sell such products. While it is not possible to predict the outcome of patent litigation, we believe any adverse result of such litigation could include an injunction preventing us from selling our products or payment of significant damages or royalty, which would affect our ability to sell current or future products or prohibit us from enforcing our patent and proprietary rights against others. The occurrence of any of these events could subject us to legal action and adversely affect our business, reputation, cash flows and results of operations. 

**_37. Our Promoter and certain of our Directors have interests in our Company in addition to their normal remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses incurred. Further, our Promoter is related to certain entities from which the Company has acquired land in the last five years._** 

Our Promoter and certain of our Directors have interests in our Company that are in addition to reimbursement of expenses and normal remuneration payable to them. Our Directors, Promoter and Key Managerial Personnel may be deemed to be interested to the extent of Equity Shares held by them, as well as to the extent of any dividends, bonuses or other distributions on such Equity Shares. Further, our Registered Office and Corporate Office premises are taken on leasehold basis pursuant to contractual arrangement with our Promoter. Our Promoter is also interested (directly and indirectly) in the Company to the extent of certain other properties acquired by the Company, including in his capacity as the sole proprietor of Swastik Industries. For further details of such interests, see “ _Our Management_ ”, “ _Our Promoter and Promoter Group_ ” and “ _Related Party Transactions_ ” on pages 158, 180 and 187, respectively. 

# **_38. Our Registered and Corporate Office premises are not owned by our Company._** 

Our Registered Office and Corporate Office premises are not owned by our Company but are taken on leasehold basis pursuant to contractual arrangements with our Promoter. Our Company, pursuant to an agreement for sale date March 29, 2019, transferred the property on which our Registered and Corporate Office is situated, to our Promoter for a consideration of ₹ 18.40 million. The said property has been leased by the Promoter to our Company pursuant to a lease agreement dated May 12, 2021, which is valid until May 11, 2041. The lease rental is ₹ 0.18 million per month, with an escalation of 5% every three years. The cash consideration that was generated from the sale of the said property was utilised towards purchase of land, plant and equipment of Swastik Industries. We cannot assure that once the lease period is over, we will be able to renew the lease period at favourable terms or at all. Upon expiration or termination of the lease, in case we are unable to renew the lease period, we cannot assure that we will be able to find a similar office premises on leasehold basis in and around the same location at commercially favourable terms and in a timely manner. This may lead to disruption of our business operations. 

Further, some of our lease agreements and leave and license agreements may not have been duly stamped as per applicable law or registered with the registering authority of the appropriate jurisdiction. An instrument not duly stamped, or insufficiently stamped, is not admitted as evidence in any Indian court or may even attract a penalty as prescribed under applicable law, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

42 

**_39. Our manufacturing facility is located on leased premises. If these leases are terminated or not renewed on terms acceptable to us, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We currently operate our manufacturing facilities, and have expansion plans, on land allotted by the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (“ **MIDC** ”), either through direct long-term lease or sublease from the member(s) of the Promoter and Promoter Group. Typically, under the MIDC lease agreements, the lessee is subject to various compliance requirements, including prohibition to make any changes or alterations to the building or other erections on the premises without the prior approval of MIDC or effect any change to the use of plot, keeping the buildings constructed on the said land insured against loss or damage by fire in a sum equivalent to the cost of the buildings, and compliance with applicable pollution control norms. Further, typically prior consent from MIDC is required for any sub-lease of land or assignment of rights. For details of such lease arrangements, refer to the section titled “ _Our Promoter and Promoter Group_ ” on page 180. Except for the lessor-lessee relationship, there is no conflict of interest with the lessors in relation to such leases. Further, there has not been in the past nor is there currently any existing dispute with any lessors in relation to such leases. 

Failure to comply with the conditions of use of such land could result in our inability to continue, renew or extend these arrangements. In the event we are unable to continue, renew or extend these arrangements on acceptable terms, or are compelled to vacate the premises for any reason, we may not be able to obtain alternate locations for our manufacturing activities, in a short span of time. Occurrence of any of the above events may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_40. Information relating to the installed manufacturing capacity of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity may vary._** 

Information relating to the installed manufacturing capacity of our facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates of our management that have been taken into account by an independent chartered engineer in the calculation of the installed manufacturing capacity of our manufacturing facilities. Further, the installed capacity, capacity utilisation and other related information may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology and therefore may not be comparable to capacity information that may be computed and presented by other API companies. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on our historical installed capacity information for our existing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_41. In the past there have been certain secretarial non-compliances and corporate actions. Consequently, we may be subject to regulatory actions and penalties for any past noncompliance._** 

In the past, there have been certain secretarial non-compliances and corporate actions. such as delay in appointment of company secretary by the Company. Between the period of Fiscal 2016 to Fiscal 2019, the Company had not appointed a whole-time company secretary. Due to the delay in appointment, the audited financial statements for the Fiscals 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019 were not signed by such whole-time company secretary. The Company appointed a whole-time company secretary with effect from August 26, 2019. Such non-compliance in the past may subject us to regulatory actions and/or penalties. 

# **External risk factors** 

**Risks relating to the Issue and investments in our Equity Shares** 

**_42. After the Issue, our Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations or an active trading market for our Equity Shares may not develop._** 

There has been no public market for the Equity Shares prior to the Issue and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop or be sustained after the Issue. Further, the price at which the Equity Shares are initially traded may not correspond to the prices at which the Equity Shares will trade in the market subsequent to the Issue. 

The price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate after the Issue as a result of several factors, including volatility in the Indian and global securities markets, the results of our operations, the performance of our competitors, 

43 

developments in the Indian pharmaceutical API sector, changing perceptions in the market about investments in the Indian pharmaceutical API sector, adverse media reports on us or the Indian pharmaceutical API sector, changes in the estimates of our performance or recommendations by financial analysts, significant developments in India's economic liberalization and deregulation policies, and significant developments in India's fiscal regulations. 

The trading price of our Equity Shares might also decline in reaction to events that affect the entire market and/or other companies in our industry even if these events do not directly affect us and/or are unrelated to our business, financial condition or operating results. 

**_43. Any future issuance of our Equity Shares may dilute prospective investors' shareholding, and sales of our Equity Shares by our Promoters or other major shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares._** 

Upon completion of the Issue, our Promoters and Promoter Group will continue to control our Company through their shareholding in the Company . Any future equity issuances by us, including in a primary offering or pursuant to a preferential allotment or sale of Equity Shares by our Promoter or other major Shareholders (post lock-in period in the Issue), or any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur, may lead to the dilution of investor shareholding in our Company or affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and could affect our ability to raise capital through an offering of our securities. 

**_44. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws and regulations, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“STT”) is levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of equity shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold using any other platform other than on a recognized stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, are subject to long-term capital gains tax in India. Until March 31, 2018, any gain realized on the sale of equity shares, listed on a stock exchange and held for more than 12 months was not subject to capital gains tax in India if STT was paid on the transaction. However, with the enactment of the Finance Act, 2018 the exemption previously granted in respect of payment of long-term capital gains tax has been withdrawn and such taxes are now payable by the investors with effect from April 1, 2018. The Finance Act, 2018 provides that existing investors are eligible for relief on such capital gains accrued until January 31, 2018 and any long-term capital gains made after January 31, 2018 shall be subject to taxation. 

The Finance Act, 2019 amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020 clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our Company’s business and operations. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short-term capital gains tax in India. In cases where the seller is a non-resident, capital gains arising from the sale of the equity shares will be partially or wholly exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. 

Historically, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the equity shares. 

Further, we cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 



44 

**_45. Rights of shareholders under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors' fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders' rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders' rights under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders' rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

**_46. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

<mark>Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. RIBs can revise or withdraw their Bids during the Bid/Issue Period. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Issue within such period as may be prescribed under applicable law, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Issue or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing.</mark> 

**_47. Holders of Equity Shares could be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and could thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

<mark>Under the Companies Act, a company incorporated in India must offer holders of its equity shares preemptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares who have voted on such resolution. However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without us filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. We may elect not to file a registration statement in relation to pre-emptive rights otherwise available by Indian law to you. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares, you may suffer future dilution of your ownership position and your proportional interests in us would be reduced.</mark> 

**_48. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

<mark>Under foreign exchange regulations which are currently in force in India, transfer of shares between nonresidents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified under applicable law. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and does not fall under any of the exceptions, then prior approval of the relevant regulatory authority is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained with or without any particular terms or conditions.</mark> 

<mark>In terms of Press Note 3 of 2020, dated April 17, 2020, issued by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (“</mark> **<mark>DPIIT</mark>** <mark>”), the FDI Policy has been recently modified to state that all investments under the foreign direct investment route by entities of a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country will require prior approval of the GoI. Further, in the event of transfer of ownership of any existing or future foreign direct investment in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial ownership falling within the aforesaid restriction/ purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership will also require approval of the GoI. Furthermore, on April 22, 2020, the Ministry of Finance, GoI has also made similar amendment to the FEMA Rules. While the term “beneficial owner” is defined under the Prevention of Money-Laundering (Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005 and the General Financial Rules, 2017, neither the foreign direct</mark> 

45 

<mark>investment policy nor the FEMA Rules provide a definition of the term “beneficial owner”. The interpretation of “beneficial owner” and enforcement of this regulatory change involves certain uncertainties, which may have an adverse effect on our ability to raise foreign capital. Further, there is uncertainty regarding the timeline within which the said approval from the GoI may be obtained, if at all.</mark> 

<mark>For further information, see “</mark> _<mark>Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities</mark>_ <mark>” on page 342. Our ability to raise any foreign capital under the FDI route is therefore constrained by Indian law, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects.</mark> 

**_49. The Issue Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Issue._** 

The Issue Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company in consultation with the BRLMs through the Book Building Process and may not be indicative of prices that will prevail in the open market following the Issue. The market price of the Equity Shares may be influenced by many factors, which are beyond our control. As a result of these factors, there can be no assurance that the investors may not be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price. In addition, the stock market often experiences price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of a particular company. These broad market fluctuations and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of the Equity Shares, regardless of our Company's performance. 

# **Risks relating to India** 

**_50. Any deterioration in the general economic conditions in India and globally could adversely affect our business and results of operation._** 

Our results of operations and financial condition depend significantly on global macro-economic conditions and the health of the Indian economy. 

We operate in and also derive a portion of our revenue from India and the performance and growth of our business is significantly dependent on the performance of the Indian economy. In the past, the Indian economy has been affected by global economic uncertainties, liquidity crisis, domestic policies, domestic and global political environment, volatility in interest rates, currency exchange rates, commodity and oil prices, volatility in inflation rates and various other factors. 

Risk management initiatives undertaken by financial institutions in order to remedy the global economic slowdown could affect the availability of funds in the future or cause the withdrawal of our existing credit facilities. Further the Indian economy is undergoing many changes and it is difficult to predict the impact of certain fundamental economic changes on our business. An increase in trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could also adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

The Indian economy is also influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market countries in Asia. A loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies or any worldwide financial instability may adversely affect the Indian economy, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

**_51. Any adverse change in India’s credit rating by an international rating agency could materially adversely affect our business and profitability._** 

India’s sovereign rating is Baa2 with a “negative” outlook (Moody’s), BBB-with a “stable” outlook (S&P) and BBB- with a “negative” outlook (Fitch). India’s sovereign rating could be downgraded due to various factors, including changes in tax or fiscal policy or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves, which are outside our Company’s control. Any adverse change in India’s credit ratings by international rating agencies may adversely impact the Indian economy and consequently our ability to raise additional financing in a timely manner or at all, as well as the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. This could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance, ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures and the price of the Equity Shares. 

46 

**_52. Any volatility in exchange rates may lead to a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves and may affect liquidity and interest rates in the Indian economy, which could adversely impact us._** 

Foreign inflows into India have remained extremely volatile responding to concerns about the domestic macroeconomic landscape and changes in the global risk environment. The widening current account deficit has been attributed largely to the surge in gold and oil imports. 

The Indian rupee also faces challenges due to the volatile swings in capital flows. Further, there remains a possibility of intervention in the foreign exchange market to control volatility of the exchange rate. The need to intervene may result in a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves and subsequently reduce the amount of liquidity in the domestic financial system. This in turn could cause domestic interest rates to rise. 

Further, increased volatility in foreign flows may also affect monetary policy decision making. For instance, a period of net capital outflows might force the RBI to keep monetary policy tighter than optimal to guard against any abnormal currency depreciation. 

**_53. Terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence or war involving India and other countries would negatively affect the Indian market where our Equity Shares trade and lead to a loss of confidence._** 

Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may negatively affect the Indian markets on which our Equity Shares are proposed to be listed and traded. In addition, any deterioration in relations between India and its neighbors might result in investor concern about stability in the region, which could materially adversely affect the price of our Equity Shares. 

Civil unrest in India in the future as well as other adverse social, economic and political events in India could have an adverse impact on us. Such incidents also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk, which could have an adverse impact on our business and the trading price of our Equity Shares. 

**_54. It may not be possible for investors outside India to enforce any judgment obtained outside India against our Company or our management or any of our associates or affiliates in India, except by way of a suit in India._** 

Our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and all our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel reside in India. Further, significant portion of our assets, and the assets of our Key Managerial Personnel and Directors, are located in India. As a result, it may be difficult to effect service of process outside India upon us and our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel or to enforce judgments obtained in courts outside India against us or our Key Managerial Personnel and Directors, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of jurisdictions outside India. 

India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, which includes the United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong. In order to be enforceable, a judgment from a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (“ **Civil Code** ”). The Civil Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or Directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. However, the party in whose favour such final judgment is rendered may bring a fresh suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in a non-reciprocating territory within three years of obtaining such final judgment. Further, there are considerable delays in the disposal of suits by Indian courts. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis or to the same extent as was awarded in a final judgment rendered by a court in another jurisdiction if the Indian court believed that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy in India. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of the judgment. 

47 

**_55. We are subject to regulatory, economic, social and political uncertainties and other factors beyond our control._** 

We are incorporated in India and we conduct our corporate affairs and manufacturing activities in India. Our Equity Shares are proposed to be listed and traded on BSE and NSE. Consequently, our business, operations, financial performance and the market price of our Equity Shares will be affected by the following external risks, should any of them materialize: 

- changes in exchange rates and controls; 

- macroeconomic factors and central bank regulation, including in relation to interest rates movements which may in turn adversely impact our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs; 

- 

- 

   - decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves which may affect liquidity in the Indian economy; 

   - political instability, resulting from a change in government or in economic and fiscal policies; 

- civil unrest, acts of violence, regional conflicts or situations or war may adversely affect the financial markets; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse effect on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing for our expansions; 

- 

   - downgrading of India’s sovereign debt rating by rating agencies; 

- changes in government policies, including taxation policies, social and civil unrest and other political, social and economic developments in or affecting India; or 

- 

- natural calamities and force majeure events. 

The Government of India has exercised and continues to exercise significant influence over many aspects of the Indian economy. Indian governments have generally pursued policies of economic liberalization and financial sector reforms, including by relaxing restrictions on the private sector. Nevertheless, the role of the Indian central and state governments in the Indian economy as producers, consumers and regulators has remained significant and we cannot assure you that such liberalization policies will continue. A significant change in India’s policy of economic liberalization and deregulation or any social or political uncertainties could adversely affect business and economic conditions in India generally and our business and prospects. 

India has in the past experienced community disturbances, strikes, riots, terror attacks, epidemics and natural disasters. India has also experienced natural calamities such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods and drought in the past few years. There can be no assurance that we will not be affected by natural or man-made disasters in India or elsewhere in the future. These acts and occurrences could have an adverse effect on the financial markets and the economy of India and of other countries, thereby resulting in a loss of business confidence and a suspension of our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

**_56. A third party could be prevented from acquiring control of our Company because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

There are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company, even if a change in control would result in the purchase of your Equity Shares at a premium to the market price or would otherwise be beneficial to you. Such provisions may discourage or prevent certain types of transactions involving actual or threatened change in control of our Company. Under the Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to its stakeholders, it is possible that such a takeover would not be attempted or consummated because of the Indian takeover regulations. 

48 

**_57. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as U.S. GAAP and International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

Our Restated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with Ind AS. No attempt has been made to reconcile any of the information given in this document to any other principles or to base it on any other standards. Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our financial statements were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our restated financial statements, and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. 

49 

