# **SECTION III - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are now deemed immaterial, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could suffer, the price of the Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. Investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about particular consequences to them of an investment in the Offer. The financial and other related implications of the risk factors, wherever quantifiable, have been disclosed in the risk factors mentioned below. However, there are certain risk factors where the financial impact is not quantifiable and, therefore, such financial impact cannot be disclosed in such risk factors. To the extent, the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information included herein is based on or derived from our Restated Standalone Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Restated Financial Information” beginning on page 284. We acquired SGS Tekniks in September 2021 and Perfect ID in October 2021, and we have included proforma condensed combined financial statements for Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022 to illustrate the impact of the acquisitions as if the acquisitions had taken place on April 1, 2019 under “Proforma Financial Information” on page 462. In this regard, please also see “Risk Factors – The Proforma Condensed Combined Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus may not accurately reflect our future financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and business.” on page 59._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. See section “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 21._ 

_To obtain a complete understanding, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with the sections “Our Business”, “Industry Overview” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations” on pages 218, 167 and 591, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

# **INTERNAL RISKS** 

**_<mark>1. Our customers do not make long-term commitments to us and may cancel or change their production requirements. Such cancellations or changes may adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.</mark>_** 

<mark>We generally do not obtain firm, long-term purchase commitments from our customers, and frequently do not have visibility as to their future demand for our services. Customers also cancel, change or delay design, production or aftermarket service quantities and schedules, or fail to meet their forecasts for a number of reasons beyond our control. Customer expectations can change rapidly, requiring us to take on additional commitments or risks. In addition, customers may fail to meet their commitments to us or our expectations. Cancellations, reductions or delays by a significant customer, or by a group of customers, could seriously harm our operating results and negatively affect our working capital levels. Such cancellations, reductions or delays have occurred from time to time and may continue to occur in the future. The volume and timing of sales to our customers vary due to changes in demand for their products their attempts to manage their inventory; design changes; changes in their manufacturing strategies; and acquisitions of, or consolidations among, customers. While there was no adverse effect on our Company’s business and financial condition, pursuant to cancellation, reduction, changes or delays in orders by the customers of the Company in the last three Fiscals, our Company believes that if any such event happens in the future, it may adversely affect our Company’s business.</mark> 

<mark>In addition, we make significant decisions based on our estimates of customers’ demand, including determining the levels of business that we will seek and accept, manufacturing schedules, component procurement commitments, working capital (including inventory) management, facility and capacity requirements, personnel</mark> 

34 

<mark>needs and other resource requirements. The short-term nature of our customers’ commitments and the possibility of rapid changes in demand for their products affect our ability to accurately estimate their future requirements. Because certain of our operating expenses are fixed, a reduction in customer demand can harm our operating results. The need for us to correctly anticipate component needs is amplified in times of shortages. The current environment of tight component supply, which might be further impacted by global pandemic-related interruptions, can increase the difficulties and cost of anticipating changing demand. Moreover, because our margins vary across customers and specific programs, a reduction in demand with higher margin customers or programs will have a more significant adverse effect on our operating results. Low utilization of our manufacturing facilities could also result in our realizing lower margins as we may not be able to undertake manufacturing in large numbers which is critical to our business.</mark> 

There are a number of factors, other than our performance that could cause the loss of a customer. Customers may demand, among others, price reductions, set-off any payment obligations, require indemnification for themselves or their affiliates, change their outsourcing strategy by moving more work in-house, or replace their existing products with alternative products, any of which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Cancellations, reductions or instructions to delay manufacturing (thereby delaying delivery of products manufactured by us) by a significant customer could adversely affect our results of operations by reducing our sales volume, as well as by possibly causing delay in our customers’ paying us for the order placed for purchasing the inventory with us which we would have manufactured for them. The requirements of our customers are not restricted to one type of product and therefore variations in demand for certain types of products also requires us to make certain changes in our manufacturing processes thereby affecting our manufacturing schedules. We often increase staffing, increase capacity, engage sub-contractors and incur other expenses to meet the anticipated demand of our customers, which could cause reductions in our margins if a customer order gets delayed or cancelled or modified 

<mark>Rapid increases in customer demand may stress personnel and other capacity resources. We may not have sufficient resources, including personnel and components, at any given time to meet all of our customers’ demands or to meet the requirements of a specific program, which could result in a loss of business from such customers.</mark> 

**_<mark>2. We intend to utilise a portion of the Net Proceeds for funding our capital expenditure requirements for development of a R&D facility and expansion / setting up of manufacturing facilities and if the costs of setting up and the possible time or cost overruns related to these projects are higher than expected, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. Further, any variation in the utilisation of our Net Proceeds may be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval.</mark>_** 

The Offer comprises a Fresh Issue of such number of Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹ 7,660.00 million by our Company and an Offer of Sale of up to 3,369,360 Equity Shares by Veena Kumari Tandon (Selling Shareholder). However, the entire proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be paid to Veena Kumari Tandon (Selling Shareholder) and our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. The proceeds from the Fresh Issue less the Offer related expenses applicable to the Fresh Issue constitute the Net Proceeds, which we intend to utilise towards the proposed objects of the Offer. We intend to utilise a portion of the Net Proceeds for funding our capital expenditure requirements for development of a R&D facility and expansion / setting up of manufacturing facilities, among others. We have estimated the total cost of such capital expenditure to be ₹ 5,712.15 million, which has been certified by Rahul R Pujara & Associates, pursuant to their project reports dated July 29, 2022, of which ₹ 4,030.00 million is proposed to be funded from the Net Proceeds. However, such total estimated cost and related fund requirements have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. The completion of the said projects is dependent on the performance of external agencies, which are responsible for _inter alia_ construction of buildings, installation and commissioning of plant and machinery and supply and testing of equipment. We cannot assure you that the performance of external agencies will meet the required specifications or performance parameters. We may not be able to identify suitable replacement external agencies in a timely manner. If the performance of these agencies is inadequate in terms of the requirements, this may result in incremental cost and time overruns. 

Further, we have not entered into any definitive agreements to utilize the Net Proceeds for this object of the Offer and have relied on the quotations received from third parties for estimation of the cost. While we have obtained the quotations from various vendors in relation to such capital expenditure, most of these quotations are valid for a certain period of time and may be subject to revisions, and other commercial and technical factors. Additionally, we are yet to make payments and purchase for 95.72% of the plant and machinery (in terms of the aggregate estimated cost of plant and machinery for the proposed capital expenditure) as on July 5, 2022. For further details 

35 

please refer to “ _Objects of the Offer”_ on page 108. Further, the estimated costs for these projects are based on management estimates and current conditions and are subject to change, owing to prospective changes in external circumstances, costs, and other financial conditions. There could be delays in the said expansion or upgradation as a result of, among other things, requirement of obtaining approvals from statutory or regulatory authorities, contractors’ or external agencies’ failure to perform, exchange rate fluctuations, unforeseen engineering problems, disputes with workers, increase in input costs of construction materials and labour costs, incremental preoperative expenses, taxes and duties, interest and finance charges, EPC and non-EPC costs, cost escalation and/or force majeure events (including the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic), any of which could give rise to cost overruns and delays in our implementation schedules. Any variation in the planned use of the Net Proceeds may require Shareholders’ approval and may involve considerable time or cost overrun and in such an eventuality it may adversely affect our operations or business. In the event that there is such a change in the objects of the Offer, our Promoters shall provide an exit offer to dissenting shareholders as provided for in the Companies Act, 2013 and in terms of the conditions and manner prescribed under Schedule XX of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and applicable law. 

<mark>If our actual capital expenditures on these significantly exceed our budgets, or even if our budgets were sufficient to cover these projects, we may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits of these projects, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete the aforementioned expansion or commissioning of our manufacturing facilities and additions in accordance with the proposed schedule of implementation and any delay could have an adverse impact on our growth, prospects, cash flows and financial condition.</mark> 

**_<mark>3. We have not entered into any definitive agreements to use a portion of the proceeds of the Fresh Issue in relation to the acquisition of certain land required for our proposed setting up of manufacturing facilities, and accordingly such land is not registered in the name of our Company. Accordingly, we may invest or spend the proceeds of the Fresh Issue in ways with which you may not agree</mark>_** 

As described in the “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on page 108, we intend to use a portion of the proceeds from the Fresh Issue towards certain capital expenditure, which involves among others, the acquisition of land for proposed setting up of manufacturing facilities. However, as on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have not entered into definitive agreements and do not have definite and specific commitments for such acquisition of some of the land proposed to be acquired, and accordingly such land is not registered in the name of our Company. We may not be able to conclude such agreements or commitments on terms anticipated by us, or at all. As a result, subject to compliance with requirements under the Companies Act and the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our planned use of the proceeds of the Fresh Issue may change in ways with which you may not agree. These are based on current conditions and are subject to change in light of changes in external circumstances or costs or in other financial conditions, business strategy, etc. Further, while we have currently identified certain parcels of land for the purpose of the proposed capital expenditure, we may not be able to find suitable alternate parcels of land in a timely manner to be able to deploy the Net Proceeds as per the timelines stipulated. Furthermore, land acquisition may also be subject to legal uncertainties and title defects, and we may not be able to capitalize on our acquisitions or ascertain clean and marketable title in a timely manner. It may also be noted that the land and building on which the manufacturing facility in Hyderabad is proposed to be set up, is proposed to be leased from JT Holdings Private Limited, wherein our Promoter and Executive Chairman, Sandeep Tandon is a director. 

**_<mark>4. The proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be paid to the Promoter Selling Shareholder.</mark>_** 

This Offer is being undertaken as a Fresh Issue of Equity Shares as well as an Offer for Sale of Equity Shares by Veena Kumari Tandon, the Promoter Selling Shareholder. The Promoter Selling Shareholder shall be entitled to the net proceeds from the Offer for Sale, which comprise the proceeds from the Offer for Sale net of Offer expenses shared by the Promoter Selling Shareholder, and our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. For further details, see “ _The Offer_ ”, “ _Capital Structure_ ” and “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on pages 72, 93 and 108, respectively. 

**_<mark>5. The Offer Price, market capitalization to revenue multiple and price to earnings ratio based on the Offer Price of our Company, may not be indicative of the market price of the Company on listing or thereafter.</mark>_** 

Our revenue from operations and profit for the year as per the Proforma Condensed Combined Financial Information for the Fiscal 2022 was ₹ 12,666.48 million and ₹ 764.61 million, respectively and our market capitalization to revenue from operations (Fiscal 2022) multiple is [●] times and our price to earnings ratio (based on the Proforma Condensed Combined Financial Information) is [●] at the upper end of the price band. 

36 

Set forth below are the details of our price to earnings ratio and market capitalization to revenue from operations, at the upper end of Price Band: 

|**Particulars**|**Price to earnings ratio**|**Market capitalization to revenue**|
|---|---|---|
|For the year ended March 31, 2022|[●]|[●]|



The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined on the basis of assessment of market demand for the Equity Shares offered through a book-building process, and certain quantitative and qualitative factors as set out in the section titled “ _Basis for the Offer Price_ ” on page 137 and the Offer Price, multiples and ratios may not be indicative of the market price of the Company on listing or thereafter. 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. Any valuation exercise undertaken for the purposes of the Offer by our Company and the Selling Shareholders, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers, is not based on a benchmark with our industry peers. 

The relevant financial parameters based on which the Price Band would be determined, shall be disclosed in the advertisement that would be issued for publication of the Price Band. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, COVID-19 related or similar situations, announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us, volatility in the securities markets in India and other jurisdictions, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. As a result, the market price of the Equity Shares may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to sell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

**_<mark>6. Strong relationships with our customers are very essential to our business. Loss of relationship with any of our customers may have a material adverse effect on our financial conditions, cash flows and results of operations.</mark>_** 

Maintaining strong relationships with our key customers is essential to our business strategy and to the growth of our business. In the Fiscal 2022, we catered to over 200 customers of which 16 customers have been associated for over a period of 10 years. Some of our customers may place demands on our resources or may require us to undertake additional obligations which have the effect of increasing our operating costs, therefore affecting our profitability. Additionally, the loss of any key customer, may significantly affect our revenues, and we may have difficulty securing comparable levels of business from other customers to offset any loss of revenue from the loss of any such key customers, including our largest customer or even our top five customers. Our top five  customers, as per our Proforma Condensed Combined Financial Information, contributed to ₹ 3,685.26 million, ₹ 2,928.78 million and ₹ 3,559.28 million representing 29.10%, 33.00% and 41.12% of our total revenue in the Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020 respectively. Further, we may not be able to re-allocate our resources and assets in a timely or efficient manner. Considering the nature of our business, our Company does not enter into any fixed long-term arrangements with any of its customers, and such customers issue purchase orders to our Company for specified quantities from time to time. Accordingly, to be able to determine the ‘loss’ of relationship with a customer, our Company would need to identify whether such customer has not placed any orders with the Company over an extended period of time, and the reasons for the same, to be able to determine where it is attributable to the Company or otherwise. In light of this, our Company may be unable to quantify the loss of relationships with our customers for reasons attributable to us, including in the last three Fiscals. However, in the event such losses occur, it may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

In addition, we generate account receivables in connection with provision of manufacturing services to our key customers. If one or more of our customers were to become insolvent or otherwise unable to pay for the products supplied by us, this could have a have an impact on our business as we may not be able to recoup the unpaid production costs and materials incurred for manufacturing purposes. 

Our profitability also depends on the performance and business of our key customers. In respect of the ODM and OEM manufacturers that we cater to, our revenues are directly affected by the resale of our products by our 

37 

customers under their own brand names. We rely on the success of our customers in marketing and selling these products and therefore any negative impact on their reputation may also have an effect on our business. Accordingly, risks that could significantly harm our key customers could harm us as well, including: 

- action undertaken by the government to tax our business, or that of our customers; 

- reduced consumer spending on discretionary items in our customers’ key markets; 

- recession in countries in which our key customers’ operate their businesses; 

- slowdown in the industries in which our customers operate; 

- loss of market share of our key customers’ products which are manufactured by us; 

- failure of our key customers’ products to gain widespread commercial acceptance; 

- our key customers’ inability to effectively manage their operations; 

- a change in their management which may results in us not being a preferred supplier to them; and 

- • changes in laws affecting our customers to operate profitably. 

There can be no assurance that the past performance of our business can continue in the future. 

# **_<mark>7. Our Promoters have provided guarantees for loans availed by us, and in the event the same is enforced against our Promoters, it could adversely affect our Promoters’ ability to manage the affairs of our Company.</mark>_** 

Our Promoters have given guarantees in relation to certain borrowings availed by our Company. In the event of default on such borrowings, these guarantees may be invoked by our lenders thereby adversely affecting our Promoters’ ability to manage the affairs of our Company and this, in turn, could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Further, if any of these guarantees are revoked by our Promoters, our lenders may require alternate securities or guarantees and may seek early repayment or terminate such facilities. Any such event could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. For further details in relation to the personal guarantees provided by Veena Kumari Tandon, _see “History and Certain Corporate Matters – Guarantees given by our Promoter Selling Shareholder”_ on page 252. 

# **_<mark>8. A downgrade in our credit rating could adversely affect our ability to raise capital in the future.</mark>_** 

Our Company has received the following credit ratings from CARE Ratings Limited vide its press release dated April 7, 2022: 

|**Facilities / Instruments**|**Amount (Rs. million)**|**Ratings**|
|---|---|---|
|Long-term Bank Facilities|110.0 (Reduced from 399.0)|CARE A; Stable<br>(Single A; Outlook: Stable)|
|Long-term / Short-term<br>Bank Facilities|2,000.0 (Enhanced from 650.0)|CARE A; Stable / CARE A1<br>(SingleA; Outlook: Stable /AOne)|
|Short-term Bank Facilities|350.0 (Reduced from 352.5)|CARE A1<br>(A One)|



Our credit ratings, which are intended to measure our ability to meet our debt obligations, are a significant factor in determining our finance costs. The interest rates of certain of our borrowings may be significantly dependent on our credit ratings. A downgrade of our credit ratings could lead to greater risk with respect to refinancing our debt and would likely increase our cost of borrowing and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

**_<mark>9. Our insurance coverage could prove inadequate to satisfy potential claims and our insurance policies may not protect us against all potential losses, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.</mark>_** 

Our business operations are subject to various risks inherent in the manufacturing industry. While we believe that the insurance coverage which we maintain is in keeping with industry standards and would be reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our businesses, we cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be covered entirely, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. 

38 

The details of our total insurance coverage and our insurance coverage as a percentage of our total assets on a consolidated basis, as of March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021 and March 2020 as per our Proforma Condensed Combined Financial Information, has been set out below: 

||**As of March 31, 2022**|**As of March 31, 2021**|**As of March 31, 2020**|
|---|---|---|---|
|**Total insurance coverage (in**<br>**₹ million)**|24,842.90|19,919.58|19,312.22|
|**Total insured assets**|8,213.59|5,706.50|5,087.47|
|**Total Assets**|11,542.11|9,067.54|8,259.03|
|**Insured**<br>**assets**<br>**as**<br>**a**<br>**percentage of our total assets**|71.16%|62.93%|61.60%|



To the extent that we suffer loss or damage, or successful assertion of one or more large claims against us for events for which we are not insured, or for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, or which is not covered by insurance, exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial performance and cash flows could be adversely affected. For further information on our insurance arrangements, see “ _Our Business – Insurance_ ” on page 240. 

**_<mark>10. The strict quality requirements required to be complied with by us result in us incurring significant expenses to maintain our product quality. Any failure may adversely affect our reputation, financial conditions, cash flows and results of operations.</mark>_** 

<mark>Given the nature of our products, our customers have high and exacting standards for product quality as well as delivery schedules. Adherence to quality standards is a critical factor in our manufacturing process as any defects in the products manufactured by our Company or failure to comply with the technical specifications of our customers may lead to cancellation of the orders placed by our customers. These quality specifications and requirements include, among others, absence of functional failure, passing of the parametric and functional testing as per the relevant specifications, completion of AOI process, completion of reliability tests at various moisture levels and 4-corner testing and such other specifications specified by our customers. Further, any failure to make timely deliveries of products in the desired quantity as per our customers’ requirements could also result in the cancellation of orders placed by our customers and may adversely affect our reputation and goodwill. Additionally, prior to placing the orders, there is a detailed review process that is undertaken by certain customers. This may involve inspection of our manufacturing facilities, review of the manufacturing processes, review of the raw materials, review of our financial capabilities, technical review of the designs and specification of the proposed product, review of our logistical capabilities across geographies, review of the target price by the purchase team of the customer and multiple inspection and review of prototypes of the product. Where we manufacture finished products, deliveries are further subject to laboratory validation by certain customers. This is an extensive and stringent process undertaken by our customers. We are therefore subject to a stringent quality control mechanism at each stage of the manufacturing process and are required to maintain the quality and precision level for each product. As a result, we are required to incur expenses to maintain our quality assurance systems such as forming a separate team of engineers responsible for quality and assurance both in the manufacturing facilities and machineries, and in the manufacturing processes. This is undertaken by an independent quality control department in our Company which is responsible for ensuring quality in respect of all aspects of our operations. There have been no instances in the last three Fiscals and the current Fiscal, where our Company has failed to meet the relevant quality requirements in respect of the products manufactured by it, that have materially impacted the Company’s business and operations. However, if any such event were to occur in future, it may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.</mark> 

<mark>Additionally, certain customers have high and stringent standards for product quantity and quality as well as delivery schedules. Any failure to meet our customers’ expectations and specifications could result in the cancellation or non-renewal of contracts or purchase orders. We will continue to spend a portion of our future revenues to manage our product quality and to maintain our quality control a failure of which may negatively impact our profitability.</mark> 

**_<mark>11. The COVID-19 pandemic and resulting deterioration of general economic conditions has impacted our business and results of operations in the past and the extent to which it may impact our future business and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are difficult to predict.</mark>_** 

Since first being reported in December 2019, the outbreak of COVID-19 has spread globally. The World Health Organization declared the novel coronavirus disease (“ **COVID-19** ”) outbreak a pandemic on March 11, 2020. 

39 

The rapid and diffused spread of COVID-19 and global health concerns relating to this pandemic have had a severe negative impact on, among other things, financial markets, liquidity, economic conditions and trade and could continue to do so or could worsen for an unknown period of time, that could in turn have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition, including liquidity and growth. The extent to which the COVID-19 outbreak impacts our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, including on the duration and severity of the pandemic, the nature and scope of government actions to contain it, and the potential impact on global and national economic conditions, including inflation, interest rates, availability of capital markets, consumer spending rates, energy availability and costs (including fuel surcharges), which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. A rapid increase in severe cases and deaths where measures taken by governments fail or are lifted prematurely, may cause unprecedented economic disruption in India and in the rest of the world. While the Government of India in coordination with the state governments have started the bulk immunization process or vaccination drive since January 16, 2021, the scope, duration and frequency of such measures and the adverse effects of COVID-19 remain uncertain and are likely to be severe. 

On March 14, 2020, India declared COVID-19 as a ‘notified disaster’ and imposed a nationwide lockdown announced on March 24, 2020. Subsequently, progressive relaxations have been granted for movement of goods and people and cautious re-opening of businesses and offices. In view of the lockdown, all of our manufacturing facilities were closed from March 23, 2020 to April 18, 2020, following which we continued to operate at less than our 50% of our capacity till July 2020. Further, our manufacturing facilities are currently operating subject to certain social distancing and additional safety measures, such as, regular temperature checks, regular sanitization, and compulsory use of masks and hand sanitization. The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in some disruptions in the supply of raw materials from our domestic and international suppliers during the months of April 2020 - July 2020. We also experienced some disruptions in supply chain and inventory management, as well as delays in orders. The localised lockdowns across India also resulted in deferment of orders from our customers. For instance, our proforma cost of materials consumed including purchase of stock-in-trade and changes in inventories of finished goods, stock-in-trade and work-in-progress, as per our Proforma Condensed Combined Financial Information, increased from ₹ 5,541.36 million representing 62.97% as a percentage to total Income in Fiscal 2020 to ₹ 8,920.96 million representing 69.46% as a percentage to total Income in Fiscal 2022, i.e., an increase of 649 basis points. A portion of such increase in cost of raw materials may be attributable to disruptions caused by COVID-19. 

We continue to closely monitor the impact that COVID-19 may have on our business and results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic and related volatility in financial markets and deterioration of national and global economic conditions could affect our business and operations in a variety of ways. For instance, on account of operating restrictions / lockdown consequent to the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, we may experience operational disruptions as a result of the following: 

- a temporary shutdown of our manufacturing facilities due to government restrictions or illness in connection with COVID-19 

- a decrease in demand for our products as a result of COVID-19 on account of government restrictions imposed and additionally on account of cost control measures implemented by our customers 

- supply chain disruptions for us and our customers 

- a significant percentage of our workforce being unable to work, including because of travel or government restrictions in connection with COVID-19, including stay at home orders 

- delays in orders or delivery of orders 

- our strategic projects getting postponed or our planned deliveries being delayed; and 

- inability to collect full or partial payments from some customers due to deterioration in customer liquidity. 

Even if a virus or other disease does not spread significantly and such measures are not implemented, the perceived risk of infection or significant health risk may adversely affect our business. Manufacturing facilities may be perceived as unsafe during such public health threats. If any of our workforce or our manufacturing facilities and warehouses are identified as a possible source of spreading COVID-19, or if there is a public perception that such risk exists, our facilities may have to be shut down and our business operations may be adversely affected. Any negative impact on consumers’ willingness or ability to purchase automobiles or automobile components, consumers’ willingness or ability to make purchase orders, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The extent to which the COVID-19 impacts our business and results will depend on future developments, which 

40 

are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, such as new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions taken globally to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. In addition, we cannot predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our customers, suppliers and other business partners, and each of their financial conditions; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact us. As a result of these uncertainties, the impact may vary significantly from that estimated by our management from time to time, and any action to contain or mitigate such impact, whether governmentmandated or opted by us, may not have the anticipated effect or may fail to achieve its intended purpose altogether. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection for all costs that may arise from all such possible events. Further, to the extent that the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. 

**_<mark>12. The global nature of our operations exposes us to numerous risks that could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.</mark>_** 

<mark>Our products are sold in over 24 countries where our customers operate. While all of our manufacturing facilities are located in India, a large portion of our sales are generated outside of India, with exports contributing ₹ 3,539.42 million, ₹ 3,069.71 million and ₹ 3,320.94 million constituting 54.77%, 70.04% and 83.63% of our revenue from operations in the Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2020, respectively. In relation to our customers, they are also subject to various risks in relation to their business and any economic uncertainty in some of the geographic regions in which they operate in, could result in the disruption of commerce and negatively impact cash flows from our operations in those areas.</mark> 

<mark>These risks include:</mark> 

- <mark>COVID-19-related closures and other pandemic-related uncertainties in the countries in which we operate;</mark> 

- <mark>Import and export regulations that could erode profit margins or restrict exports;</mark> 

- <mark>Foreign exchange controls and tax rates;</mark> 

- <mark>Foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, including devaluations;</mark> 

- <mark>Changes in regional and local economic conditions, including local inflationary pressures;</mark> 

- <mark>Difficulty of enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through certain foreign systems;</mark> 

- <mark>Variations in protection of intellectual property and other legal rights;</mark> 

- <mark>Changes in labour conditions and difficulties in staffing and managing international operations;</mark> 

- <mark>Inability or regulatory limitations on our ability to move goods across borders;</mark> 

- <mark>Changes in laws and regulations;</mark> 

- <mark>Social plans that prohibit or increase the cost of certain restructuring actions;</mark> 

- <mark>The uncertainty surrounding the implementation and effects of Brexit;</mark> 

- <mark>The potential for nationalization of enterprises or facilities; and</mark> 

- <mark>Unsettled political conditions and possible terrorist attacks against countries where we sell our products or have other interests.</mark> 

<mark>While there are no specific instances of the events set out above that have occurred in the last three Fiscals and that have materially and adversely impacted the Company, if we are unable to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks in case any of such events do occur in the future, it could have a material and adverse effect on our business, our results of operations and financial condition.</mark> 

**_<mark>13. We depend on third parties for the supply of raw materials and import majority of our raw materials, and delivery of products and such providers could fail to meet their obligations, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.</mark>_** 

<mark>We are dependent on third party suppliers for our raw materials. The raw materials used by us include electronic components, wound components, wiring harness, plastic parts, sheet metal parts and process consumables. Discontinuation of production by our suppliers or a failure of these suppliers to adhere to the delivery schedule or the required quality could hamper our manufacturing schedule and therefore affect our business and results of operations. This dependence may also adversely affect the availability of key materials at reasonable prices thus affecting our margins and may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. There can be no assurance that strong demand, capacity limitations or other problems experienced by our suppliers will not result in occasional shortages or delays in their supply of raw materials.</mark> 

<mark>There can be shortages or oversupply (as the case maybe) of key components. A shortage of any of these</mark> 

41 

<mark>components generally increases their prices, and may depress our margins to the extent that it is not possible to pass these higher component prices on to our customers. For instance, lockdowns and social-distancing measures in the region, primarily in Taiwan, have prolonged a global shortage of semiconductors. (</mark> _<mark>Source: F&S Report</mark>_ <mark>) which has resulted in an increase in our cost of raw materials and components. In our experience, such shortages can quickly end and result in oversupply as suppliers ramp up manufacturing following capital expenditures to increase capacity. If we fail to anticipate customer demand properly, a temporary oversupply could result in excess or obsolete components which could affect our gross margin and may also affect our working capital management. Our Company has not been materially and adversely affected in the past three Fiscals due to shortage of, or increase in the cost of raw materials, as our Company, in many instances has been able to pass on the increase in the cost of raw materials to its customers. However, such volatility in supply of raw materials or components may adversely affect our business if we cannot manage our supply of such components and react quickly to market changes. We believe that shortages and oversupply are cyclical in nature and integral to our business cycle, and hence there can be no assurance that shortages or oversupply of key components (among others) will not occur in the future or that any such shortages or oversupply will not be a major contributing factor to our results of operations</mark> 

<mark>If we were to experience a significant or prolonged shortage of raw materials from any of our suppliers, and we are unable procure the raw materials from other sources, we would be unable to meet our manufacturing schedules and to deliver to our customers in timely fashion, which would adversely affect our sales, margins and customer relations. We cannot assure you that a particular supplier will continue to supply the required components or raw materials to us in the future.</mark> 

In the Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020, we imported raw materials amounting to ₹ 3,699.49 million, ₹ 1,911.54 million and ₹ 1,563.89 million which accounted for 74.18%, 71.06% and 69.92% of our cost of raw materials and components, respectively. Any restrictions, either from the Central or state governments of India, or from countries which we import from, on such imports may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. There can be no assurance that such restrictions / regulations would not be made more stringent which would consequently restrict our ability to import raw materials from other jurisdictions. Further, there can be no assurance that, under these circumstances, we will be successful in identifying alternate suppliers for raw materials or we will be able to source the raw materials at favourable terms in a timely manner. Any restriction on import of raw materials could have an adverse effect on our ability to deliver products to our customers, business and results of operations. We currently also import raw materials from China where in the past there have been conditions imposed by the government in relation to the commerce and trade. In the Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020, on a proforma basis, ₹ 789.09 million, ₹ 419.91 million and ₹ 303.51 million, representing 7.80%, 7.03% and 5.67% of our cost of raw materials and components were attributable to imports from China. 

Further, a significant portion of our expenses arise from freight carriage and transport and freight and forwarding expense and import freight charges. Any increase in import tariff will increase expenses which in turn may impact our business and results of operations. 

<mark>We typically commit to order raw materials and pre-constructed components from our own suppliers based on customer forecasts and orders. Cancellation by customers or any delay or reduction in their orders can result in a mismatch between the inventory of pre-constructed components and raw materials and the manufactured product that we hold, and could result in excess inventory and reduced working capital, pending sales of such products. This could have an adverse effect on the orderly management of our inventory, and could adversely affect our operating cash flow.</mark> 

<mark>We use third parties for the supply of our raw materials and for delivery of finished and unfinished products to our domestic and overseas customers, as well as between manufacturing facilities. Transportation strikes could in the future have an adverse effect on our supplies and deliveries to and from particular manufacturing facilities on a timely and cost efficient basis. Further, due to COVID-19, there was a shortage of flights and containers which resulted in a significant increase in our freight costs. An increase in freight costs or the unavailability of adequate port and shipping infrastructure for transportation of our products to our markets may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. However, our cash flows may still be adversely affected because of any unanticipated delay between the date of procurement of those primary raw materials and date on which we can reset the component prices for our customers, to account for the increase in the prices of such raw materials. Our need to maintain a continued supply of raw materials may make it difficult to resist price increases and surcharges.</mark> 

42 

**_<mark>14. This Red Herring Prospectus contains information from an industry report which we have paid for and commissioned from F&S, appointed by our Company on July 30, 2021. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate.</mark>_** 

This Red Herring Prospectus includes industry-related information that is derived from the industry report titled “ _Assessment of Electronics Manufacturing Services (EMS) Industry in India_ ” dated July 13, 2022 (“ **Report** ”), prepared by F&S, pursuant to an engagement with the Company. Frost & Sullivan was appointed by our Company by way of a letter of agreement dated July 30, 2021. We commissioned and paid for this report for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the EMS sector in India only for the purpose of the Offer. Our Company, our Promoters, and our Directors are not related to Frost & Sullivan. Frost & Sullivan has advised that while it has taken reasonable care to ensure the accuracy and completeness of the commissioned report, it believes that the Report presents a true and fair view of the industry within the limitations of, among others, secondary statistics and primary research, and does not purport to be exhaustive, and that the results that can be or are derived from these findings are based on certain assumptions and parameters / conditions. As such, a blanket, generic use of the derived results or the methodology is not encouraged. 

The commissioned report also highlights certain industry and market data, which may be subject to assumptions. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which we conduct our business, and methodologies and assumptions vary widely among different industry sources. Further, such assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that Frost & Sullivan’s assumptions are correct or will not change and, accordingly, our position in the market may differ, favourably or unfavourably, from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the commissioned report is not a recommendation to invest or disinvest in our Company. Prospective Investors are advised not to unduly rely on the commissioned report or extracts thereof as included in this Red Herring Prospectus, when making their investment decisions. 

**_<mark>15. Out of the 11 manufacturing facilities currently operated by us, four of these manufacturing facilities collectively contribute to more than 75% of our revenue from operations in the last three Fiscals, as per our Proforma Condensed Combined Financial Information.</mark>_** 

We currently operate through 11 manufacturing facilities spread across Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Himachal Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and Haryana, of which four of our manufacturing facilities at (i) Manesar, Haryana, (ii) Gurugram, Haryana, and (iii) Chennai, Tamil Nadu contributed ₹ 9,835.23 million, ₹ 7,162.81 million and ₹ 7,505.37 million in Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively, representing over 75% of our proforma revenue from operations, in these three Fiscals as per our Proforma Condensed Combined Financial Information. Due to the concentration of our manufacturing operations in these facilities, our operations are susceptible to local and regional factors relating to these facilities, such as accidents, system failures, economic and weather conditions, natural disasters, and demographic and population changes, the outbreak of infectious diseases such as COVID19 and other unforeseen events and circumstances. Such disruptions could result in the damage or destruction of a significant portion of our manufacturing abilities, significant delays in the transport of our products and raw materials and/or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, disruptions, damage or destruction of those facilities may severely affect our ability to meet our customers’ demand and the loss of any one of our key customers or a significant reduction in demand from such customers could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_<mark>16. Delay in schedule of our expansion into new territories may subject our Company to risks related to time and cost overrun which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.</mark>_** 

<mark>Our Company may face risks relating to the commissioning of any new manufacturing facilities in newer territories or failure to expand our manufacturing capacity to meet future demand for our products on account of reasons including but not limited to changes in the general economic and financial conditions in India. For details of the manufacturing facilities proposed to be commissioned by our Company, see “</mark> _<mark>Objects of the Offer</mark>_ <mark>” on page 108. Our future contracts which contemplate change of technical requirements of existing contracts for new products may require us to set up new facilities, develop suitable technologies and install and commission new equipment, which will require considerable capital infusion and time.</mark> 

<mark>While commissioning any manufacturing facilities in newer territories, we may also encounter various setbacks such as adverse weather conditions, delay in receiving required government approvals, construction defects and delivery failures by suppliers, unexpected delays in obtaining permits and authorizations, or legal actions brought</mark> 

43 

<mark>by third parties. In the last three Fiscals, we have commissioned a manufacturing facility in Bangalore and Chennai each. For details of our manufacturing facilities, see “</mark> _<mark>Our Business – Our Manufacturing Facilities</mark>_ <mark>” on page 233. Some of the measures that we undertake when we commission a new manufacturing facility include the appointment of competent contractors, and appointment of the necessary persons / agencies to help us obtain the required approvals for such facility. Further as and when we commission our planned manufacturing facilities, our raw material requirements and costs as well as our staffing requirements and employee expenses may increase and we may face other challenges in extending our financial and other controls to our new manufacturing facilities as well as in realigning our management and other resources and managing our consequent growth. While there have been no significant setbacks experienced by the Company in the last three Fiscals and the current Fiscal, while commissioning new manufacturing facilities by it, in the event such setbacks occur in the future, it may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.</mark> 

# **_<mark>17. There may be problems with the products we design, manufacture or service that could result in liability claims against us, reduced demand for our services and damage to our reputation.</mark>_** 

We design, manufacture and sell products based on our customers’ specifications, many of which are highly complex, particularly when catering to end-use industries such as healthcare and industrial appliances, that have higher risk profiles. Despite our quality control and quality assurance efforts, problems may occur, or may be alleged, in the design, manufacturing or servicing of these products, including as a result of business continuity issues. Any failure on our part to render services as per client requirements could result in a claim against us for substantial damages, regardless of our responsibility for such a failure or defect. 

Whether or not we are responsible for the problems in the products we manufacture, whether real or alleged, whether caused by faulty customer specifications, the design or manufacturing processes, servicing, or a component defect, may result in delayed shipments to customers or, reduction or cancellation of customer orders. If these problems were to occur in large quantities or too frequently, our business reputation may also be tarnished. In addition, such problems may result in liability claims against us, whether or not we are responsible. These potential claims may include damages for the recall of a product or injury to person or property. Although we attempt to limit our contractual liability for all damages, including consequential damages, in rendering our services, we cannot assure you that in case any claims for damages are made by our customers, the limitations on liability we provide for in our service contracts will be enforceable, or that they will otherwise be sufficient to protect us from liability for damages. While the Company has not been subject to claims from its customers in respect of the products manufactured by it in the last three Fiscals, the successful assertion of any claim in the future could have a material adverse affect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and could damage our reputation. 

Further, even if customers or third parties, such as component suppliers, are responsible for defects, they may not, or may not be able to, assume responsibility for any such costs or required payments to us. While we seek to secure contractual protection and/or to insure against many of these risks, we may not have practical recourse against certain suppliers, and contractual protections, insurance coverage or supplier warranties, as well as our other risk mitigation efforts, may be inadequate, costly, or unavailable. We occasionally incur costs defending claims, and any such disputes could adversely affect our business relationships. 

# **_<mark>18. Our research and development capabilities are critical to our success. Any failure to derive results from our research and development efforts may hurt our competitiveness and profitability.</mark>_** 

Our success is dependent on our ability to develop new products and continue to work on and improve manufacturing capabilities. We make investments in product research and development, in particular, to improve the quality of our products and expand our new product offerings, which we believe are factors crucial for our future growth and prospects. During the Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022, we have incurred research and development expenditure aggregating to ₹ 32.57 million, ₹ 37.45 million and ₹ 29.07 million, respectively. We cannot assure you that our future product research and development initiatives will be successful or be completed within the anticipated time frame or budget, or that our newly developed or improvised products will achieve wide market acceptance from our customers. Even if such products are accepted by our customers, there is no guarantee that we will achieve our anticipated sales targets at all or achieve it in a profitable manner. Additionally, there can be no guarantee that the time and effort that we spend on research and development would be beneficial to the Company. There can be no assurance that costs incurred by us towards research and development may be effective in increasing cost efficiencies in respect of our manufacturing of these products. In addition, we cannot assure you that our existing or potential competitors will not develop products which are similar or superior to our products. It is often difficult to project the time frame for developing new products and the duration of market window for 

44 

these products, and there is a substantial risk that we may have to abandon a potential product that is no longer commercially viable, even after we have invested significant resources in the development of such product. While the Company has not faced any specific instances of the events set out herein, that have materially and adversely impacted the Company’s competitiveness and profitability, the Company believes that in case any such event occurs in the future, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

# **_<mark>19. Failure to integrate acquired businesses into our operations successfully, as well as liabilities or claims relating to such acquired businesses, could adversely affect our business.</mark>_** 

Our acquisitions include the acquisition of Tovya Automation in December 2014, the merger of 3G Communication Private Limited effective from April 2016, and most recently, our acquisition of SGS Tekniks and Perfect ID in September 2021 and October 2021 respectively. Further, as part of our business strategy, we intend to continue pursuing strategic acquisition opportunities in India and abroad to enhance our capabilities and address gaps in industry expertise, technical expertise and geographic coverage and thereby to expand our business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable acquisition, strategic investment or joint venture opportunities at acceptable cost and on commercially reasonable terms, obtain the financing necessary to complete and support such acquisitions or investments, integrate such businesses or investments or that any business acquired or investment made will be profitable. 

In respect of our recent acquisitions of Perfect ID and SGS Tekniks, or in case of we acquire any other company or business in the future, we could have difficulty in assimilating that company’s personnel, operations, and customer base. In addition, the key personnel of the acquired company may decide not to work with us or there may be difference or conflict in understanding of their and our key personnel. In addition, we may not be able to retain the customer base of the acquired company. We could also have difficulty in integrating the acquired services or technologies into our operations. These difficulties could disrupt our ongoing business, divert focus of our management and increase our expenses. The details of the revenue from operations as per our Proforma Combined Financial Information attributable to SGS Tekniks and Perfect ID, in the last three Fiscals: 

||**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|**Fiscal 2020**|
|---|---|---|---|
|**Revenue from operations attributable to SGS**<br>**Tekniks (in ₹ million)**|2,203.08|4,181.75|4,222.40|
|**% of total revenue from operations attributable to**<br>**SGS Tekniks**|17.39%|47.12%|48.78%|
|**Revenue from operations attributable to Perfect ID**<br>**(in ₹ million)**|266.20|293.07|427.40|
|**% of total revenue from operations attributable to**<br>**Perfect ID**|2.10%|3.30%|4.94%|



We may not be able to realise the benefits we currently anticipate from these acquisitions. If we attempt to acquire companies incorporated / formed outside India, we may not be able to satisfy certain Indian regulatory requirements for such acquisitions and may also need regulatory approval which we may not obtain. Such acquisitions also involve risks related to integration of operations across different cultures and languages, risks associated with foreign exchange fluctuations, and the risks associated with the economic, political and regulatory setting of such countries. In addition, acquisitions and investments involve a number of risks, including possible adverse effects on our operating results, diversion of management’s attention, failure to retain key personnel, risks associated with unanticipated events or liabilities and difficulties in the assimilation of the operations, technologies, systems, services and products of the acquired businesses or investments. 

Any failure to achieve successful integration of such acquisitions or investments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, the anticipated benefits of our future acquisitions may not materialise. Future acquisitions could also result in potentially dilutive issuances of our equity shares, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortisation expenses, or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could harm our financial condition and results of operations, and may have an adverse impact on the price of our Equity Shares. 

**_<mark>20. Since a significant percentage of our revenues are denominated in U.S. Dollars and other foreign currencies and a significant percentage of our costs are denominated in Indian Rupees, we face currency exchange risks.</mark>_** 

Majority of our revenue is generated from export of our products made to our clients located in more than 24 

45 

countries. During the Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022, ₹ 3,320.94 million, ₹ 3,069.71 million and ₹ 3,539.42 million, which accounted for 83.63%, 70.04% and 54.77%, respectively of our revenue from operations, was attributable to exports. Based on our Proforma Condensed Combined Financial Information, during the Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022, ₹ 4,983.50 million, ₹ 4,731.68 million and ₹ 5,525.53 million, which accounted for 57.57%, 53.32% and 43.62%, respectively of our proforma revenue from operations, was attributable to exports. In the event that there is any fluctuation in the exchange rates, our revenues will be affected. Substantially all of these revenues are denominated in U.S. Dollars and to a lesser extent in the Euro, the Pound Sterling and other foreign currencies. We expect that a majority of our revenues will continue to be generated in foreign currencies and that a significant portion of our expenses will continue to be denominated in Indian Rupees. Accordingly, our operating results have been and will continue to be impacted by fluctuations in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and the U.S. Dollar and other foreign currencies. Any strengthening of the Indian Rupee against the U.S. Dollar, the Euro or other foreign currencies could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_<mark>21. Unplanned slowdowns or shutdowns in our manufacturing operations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.</mark>_** 

Our business is dependent upon our ability to efficiently manage our manufacturing facilities, which are subject to various operating risks, including productivity of our workforce, compliance with regulatory requirements and circumstances beyond our control, such as the breakdown and failure of equipment or industrial accidents, severe weather conditions, natural disasters and infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Any malfunction or breakdown of our machinery may require significant repair costs and consequently cause delays in our operations. We may also face protests from local citizens at our existing manufacturing facility or while setting up new facilities, which may delay or halt our operations. In addition, due to COVID-19, operations at our manufacturing facilities were temporarily suspended from March 23, 2020 to April 18, 2020, following which we continued to operate at less than our 50% of our capacity till July 2020. Apart from this, there are no instances of unplanned slowdowns or shutdowns in the manufacturing operations of the Company. 

Our operations also require a significant amount and continuous supply of electricity and fuel and any shortage or non-availability of such utilities may adversely affect our operations. Any interruption in the continuous supply electricity may negatively impact the quality of the final product manufactured by us, which may result in delays in delivery of our products or non-delivery, resulting in loss of revenue and damage to our reputation or customer relationship. A prolonged interruption of electricity supply can also result in manufacturing slowdown or shutdowns, increased costs associated with restarting manufacturing and the loss of manufacturing in progress. The occurrence of any such event in the future could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our inability to effectively respond to any shutdown or slowdown and rectify any disruption, in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, could lead to an inability to comply with our customers’ requirements and result in us breaching our contractual obligations. 

# **_<mark>22. Non-compliance with and changes in, safety, health, environmental and labour laws and other applicable regulations, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.</mark>_** 

We are subject to laws and government regulations, including in relation to safety, health, environmental protection and labour. These laws and regulations impose controls on air and water discharge, noise levels, storage handling, employee exposure to hazardous substances and other aspects of our manufacturing operations. Further, our manufacturing processes are also subject to laws and regulations in relation to quality, safety and health. 

Further, laws and regulations may limit the amount of hazardous and pollutant discharge that our manufacturing facilities may release into the air and water. The discharge of materials that hazardous into the air, soil or water beyond these limits may cause us to be liable to regulatory bodies or third parties. Any of the foregoing could subject us to litigation, which could lower our profits in the event we were found liable, and could also adversely affect our reputation. Additionally, the government or the relevant regulatory bodies may require us to shut down our manufacturing facilities, which in turn could lead to product shortages that delay or prevent us from fulfilling our obligations to customers. 

We are also subject to the laws and regulations governing employees, including in relation to minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, maternity leave, hiring and termination of employees, contract labour and work permits. We have incurred and expect to continue incurring costs for compliance with such laws and regulations. These laws and regulations have, however, become increasingly stringent and it is possible that they will become significantly more stringent in the future. If we are unable to remain in compliance with all applicable environmental, health and safety and labour laws, including pursuant to either any inadvertent 

46 

actions or inaction by our Company or factors that may be outside the direct control of our Company, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_<mark>23. Our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products, and accordingly manage our inventory or plan capacity increases, may have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.</mark>_** 

Our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory may have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. We do not have firm commitment longterm supply agreements with our customers and instead rely on short term purchase orders to govern the volume and other terms of the sales of products. Accordingly, we plan our manufacturing volumes based on our forecast of the demand for our products. We typically plan capacity increases of our manufacturing facilities on the basis of anticipated demand, which we gauge on the basis of our estimated demand for our products. Any error in forecasting could result in surplus stock which would have an adverse effect on our profitability. 

We maintain a high level of inventory of raw materials, work in progress and finished goods. In order to pursue our expansion strategy, we have increased manufacturing levels and our inventory of raw materials and finished goods. Set out below are the details of our Inventory Turnover Ratio, inventory of raw materials and finished goods, and Net Working Capital as of and for the Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020, based on the Restated Standalone Financial Information: 

|||_(in ₹ million, unle_<br>|_ss otherwise specified)_<br>|
|---|---|---|---|
||**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|**Fiscal 2020**|
|InventoryTurnover Ratio<sup>(1)</sup>|4.68|3.98|3.53|
|Inventory of raw materials and finished goods|1,147.93|770.75|682.25|
|Net Working Capital<sup>(2)</sup>|1,113.76|1,073.74|928.12|



> _(1) Inventory Turnover Ratio = Credit sales includes cost of raw materials consumed, purchases of stock-in-trade and changes in inventories / average of opening and closing Inventory_ 

> _(2) Net Working Capital = Total current assets - Total Current Liabilities_ 

_(Total Current Liabilities excludes short term borrowings and current tax liabilities (net))_ 

Further, based on our Proforma Condensed Combined Financial Information, as of Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020, our proforma inventory of raw materials and finished goods amounted to ₹ 2,913.00 million, ₹ 1,788.75 million and ₹ 1,419.21 million, respectively. Our high level of inventory increases the risk of loss and storage costs to us as well as increasing the need for working capital to operate our business. Further, as our customers are not obliged to purchase our products or provide us with a binding long-term commitment, there can be no assurance that customer demand will match our manufacturing levels. 

On the other hand, in the event that the demand we have forecasted is lower than the actual demand of our products, and we are unable to ramp up manufacturing to match such demand, we may be unable to supply the requisite quantity of products to our customers in a timely manner. Any increase in our turn-around time could affect our manufacturing schedules and disrupt our supply, which could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_<mark>24. Our failure to identify and understand evolving industry trends and preferences and to develop new products to meet our customers’ demands may materially adversely affect our business.</mark>_** 

Changes in the preferences of our customers, regulatory or industry trends or requirements, or in competitive technologies may render certain of our products or business strategies obsolete or less attractive. To compete effectively in the EMS sector, we must be able to develop, upgrade and manufacture new products to meet our customers’ demand in a timely manner. In order to do so, we need to identify and understand the key market trends and address our customers’ evolving needs proactively and on a timely basis. As a result, we may incur, and have in the past incurred, capital expenditures for development of products to meet the demands of our customers. We cannot assure you, however, that we will be able to install and commission the equipment needed to manufacture products for our customers on time. Our failure to successfully and timely develop and manufacture new products in order to cater to the requirements of our customers and industry trends could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. Currently we are manufacturing PCBA, RFID etc., if there is any shift in technology or usage of these products, we may need some time to adapt to those changes and may need additional capex and may also render our existing plant and machinery defunct. While the Company has not faced any specific instances in the last three Fiscals where such an event has materially and adversely impacted the Company’s business, in case such an event occurred in the future, it may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

47 

Further, our ability to anticipate changes in technology and regulatory standards and to successfully develop and introduce new and enhanced products on a timely basis is a significant factor in our ability to remain competitive. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to secure the necessary technological knowledge, through research and development or through technical assistance agreements or otherwise, that will allow us to develop our product portfolio in this manner and ensure that we remain competitive. If we are unable to obtain such knowledge in a timely manner, or at all, we may be unable to effectively implement our strategies, and our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. Our inability to adopt new technologies may result in a loss of our business, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_<mark>25. Cyber risk and the failure to maintain the integrity of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties with which we conduct business, could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.</mark>_** 

<mark>Cyber threats are rapidly evolving and are becoming increasingly sophisticated. Our Company expects to continue to experience cyber threats from time to time, which pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. There have been no instances of the loss / leakage of confidential information from our Company’s IT systems or due to cyber-attacks on our Company in the last three Fiscals. Disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our businesses and customers, or cyber-attacks or security breaches of our networks or systems in the future, could result in the loss of customers and business opportunities, legal liability, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, other litigation, regulatory and legal risks and the costs associated therewith, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensatory costs, remediation costs, increased cybersecurity protection costs, additional compliance costs, increased insurance premiums, and lost revenues, damage to the Company's competitiveness, share price, and long-term shareholder value, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. While we attempt to mitigate these risks, our systems, networks, products, solutions and services remain potentially vulnerable to advanced and persistent threats. We also maintain and have access to sensitive, confidential or personal data or information in certain of our businesses that is subject to privacy and security laws and regulations. Despite our efforts to protect such sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, our facilities and systems and those of our customers and third-party service providers may be vulnerable to security breaches, theft, fraud, misplaced or lost data, “Acts of God”, programming and/or human errors that could lead to the compromising of sensitive, confidential or personal data or information, improper use of our systems, software solutions or networks, unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification or destruction of information, defective products, manufacturing downtimes and operational disruptions, which in turn could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.</mark> 

# **_<mark>26. We may be subject to third party claims of intellectual property infringement.</mark>_** 

While we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others and we believe that our products and methodologies do not infringe on the intellectual property rights of any other party, we cannot determine with certainty whether we are infringing upon any existing third-party intellectual property rights which may force us to alter our technologies, obtain licenses or significantly cease some portions of our operations. We may also be susceptible to claims from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims. 

There are currently no pending or threatened intellectual property claims against us. Further, our Company has not been subject to any claims in relation to infringement of intellectual property rights, or otherwise was a party to any legal proceedings in relation to intellectual property rights in the last three Fiscals. However, if we become liable to third parties for infringing their intellectual property rights, we could be required to pay substantial damages including damages based on profits that we have obtained from the allegedly infringing technology as well as exemplary damages that a court may award and we may be forced to develop non-infringing technology, obtain a license for the infringing technology or cease selling the applications and using the products or methodologies that contain the infringing technology. We may be unable to develop non-infringing technology or to obtain a license on commercially reasonable terms. Any third-party claims of intellectual property infringement may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

# **_<mark>27. Our failure to keep our technical knowledge confidential could erode our competitive advantage.</mark>_** 

Like many of our competitors, we possess extensive technical knowledge about our products, including in relation to their manufacturing process. Such technical knowledge has been built up through our own experiences and 

48 

through our agreements to avail technical know-how, which grant us access to new technologies. Our technical knowledge is a significant independent asset, which may not be adequately protected by intellectual property rights such as patent registration. As a result, we cannot be certain that our technical knowledge will remain confidential in the long run. Our Company has taken various steps to protect its technical confidential information, which include entering into non-disclosure agreements with our senior employees, restricting access to our computer systems through eternal storage devices, and setting up dual-factor authentication processes for login into the IT systems of our Company. 

Certain proprietary knowledge may be leaked, either inadvertently or wilfully, at various stages of the manufacturing process. A significant number of our employees have access to confidential product information and there can be no assurance that this information will remain confidential. Moreover, certain of our employees may leave us and join our various competitors. Although we may seek to enforce non-disclosure agreements in respect of certain key employees, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully enforce such agreements. We also enter into non-disclosure agreements with a number of our customers and suppliers but we cannot assure you that such agreements will be successful in protecting our technical knowledge. The potential damage from such disclosure is increased as our products are not patented, and thus we may have no recourse against copies of our products that enter the market subsequent to such leakages. In the event the confidential technical information in respect of our products or business becomes available to third parties or to the general public, any competitive advantage we may have over other companies in the EMS sector could be harmed. If a competitor is able to reproduce or otherwise capitalise on our technology, it may be difficult, expensive or impossible for us to obtain necessary legal protection. Consequently, while no confidential technical information of our Company has been leaked in the last three Fiscals, any leakage of confidential technical information in the future could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects. 

**_<mark>28. Any defaults or delays in payment by a significant portion of our customers, may have an adverse effect on cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.</mark>_** 

In the ordinary course of business, we extend credit to our customers. Consequently, we are exposed to the risk of the uncertainty regarding the receipt of the outstanding amounts. Based on our Restated Standalone Financial Information, as on March 31, 2022, our trade receivables was ₹ 1,717.95 million. Further, based on our Proforma Condensed Combined Financial Information, as on March 31, 2022, our proforma trade receivables was ₹ 2,722.34 million. Further, set out below are the details of our Receivables Turnover ratio for Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020, as per our Restated Standalone Financial Information: 

|||_(in ₹ million_|_, unless otherwise specified)_|
|---|---|---|---|
||**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|**Fiscal 2020**|
|Receivables Turnover Ratio<sup>(1)</sup>|5.06|4.01|3.77|



> _(1) Receivables Turnover Ratio = Sale of products, services, scrap sales and GST component on such sales / average of opening and closing trade receivables_ 

Our results of operations and profitability depend on the credit worthiness of our customers. Certain of these customers may have weak credit histories and we cannot assure that these counterparties will always be able to pay us in a timely fashion, or at all. There have been no instances of major delays or major defaults in payments by the Company’s customers in the last three Fiscals and the current Fiscal that have materially impacted the Company’s business and operations. However, any adverse change in the financial condition of our customers may adversely affect their ability to make payments to us. Default or delays in payments by a significant portion of our customers may have an adverse effect on cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_<mark>29. The markets in which our customers compete are characterized by consumers and their rapidly changing preferences, advancement in technology and other related factors including lower manufacturing costs and therefore as a result our Company may be affected by any disruptions in the industry.</mark>_** 

The markets in which we and our customers compete are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards and continuous improvements in products and services. These conditions frequently result in short product life cycles. Some of the customers for whom we manufacture products for may also chose not to continue operations in India for many reasons which can also include customer preferences, among others. In Fiscal 2022, based on the Proforma Condensed Combined Financial Information, our proforma revenue from operations attributable to our customers in each of the relevant end-use industries have been set out below: 

|**Industry**|**Revenue (in ₹ million)**|**As a % of revenue from operations**|
|---|---|---|
|Automotive|2,514.94|19.86%|



49 

|**Industry**|**Revenue (in ₹ million)**|**As a % of revenue from operations**|
|---|---|---|
|Consumer|2,577.13|20.35%|
|Healthcare|1,619.10|12.78%|
|Industrial|4,412.04|34.83%|
|IT|1,296.47|10.24%|
|Railways & others|246.79|1.95%|
|**Grand Total**|**12,666.48**||



Our Company is dependent on the end-use industries i.e. the industries that our customers operate in. Accordingly, based on the continuously evolving requirements of these industries and the preferences of the end-users, our Company needs to ensure that its products are suitably customized or upgraded to meet such requirements. Considering the continuously evolving nature of these industries, it would be difficult for our Company to ascertain any specific instance that would have adversely affected its business, financial condition or results of operation. However, any failure by us in the future may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

If the end-user demand is low for our customers products, companies for who we manufacture products may see significant changes in orders from customers and may experience greater pricing pressures. Therefore, risks that could harm the customers of our industry could, as a result, adversely affect our Company as well. Our success is therefore dependent on the success achieved by our customers in developing and marketing their products. If technologies or standards supported by our customers become obsolete or fail to gain widespread commercial acceptance, our customers may experience a reduced demand for their products which may affect our sales, a decline in sales and in operating margins depending on the nature of the product and the end user demand and all of these combined may gradually result in a loss of customers including key ones. We endeavour to reduce the risks inherent in relying on a small number of products by developing and producing new products in respect of the end-user industries we cater to and to keep pace with the rapidly emerging technological changes taking place. However, there can be uncertainty regarding the development and manufacturing of these products as planned and failure to anticipate or respond rapidly to advances in technology can have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Additionally, industry-wide competition for market share of various products can result in aggressive pricing practices by our customers and therefore our customers may also choose to import some of these products which provide them better cost benefits as compared to us or source the products from our competitors. This pricepressure from our customers may adversely affect the prices of the products which we supply, which may lead to reduced revenues, lower profit margins or loss of market share etc, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_<mark>30. Our profitability could suffer if our cost management strategies are unsuccessful or our competitors develop an advantageous cost structure that we cannot match.</mark>_** 

Our ability to improve or maintain our profitability is dependent on our ability to successfully manage our costs. Our cost management strategies include maintaining appropriate alignment between the demand for our offerings and our resource capacity and maintaining or improving our sales and marketing and general and administrative costs as a percentage of revenues. Our cost management strategies are formulated based on the internal management estimates of our Company based on our past experience, and are continuously evolving to factor any change in facts and assumptions applicable to the Company at any given point in time. In light of this, while it may not be possible to ascertain any specific instance in this regard that would have adversely affected the Company in the past, if our cost management efforts are not successful, our efficiency may suffer and we may not achieve desired levels of profitability. In addition, we may not be able to implement our cost management efforts in a manner that permits us to realize the cost savings we anticipate in the time, manner, or amount we currently expect, or at all due to a variety of risks, including, but not limited to, difficulties in integrating shared services within our business, higher than expected employee severance or retention costs, higher than expected overhead expenses, delays in the anticipated timing of activities related to our cost savings plans, and other unexpected costs associated with operating our business. If we are not effective in managing our operating costs in response to changes in demand or pricing, or if we are unable to absorb or pass on increases in the compensation of our employees or costs of raw materials, we may not be able to invest in our business in an amount necessary to achieve our planned rates of growth, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

It may be possible for our current or future competitors to gain an advantage in product technology, manufacturing technology, or process technology, which may allow them to offer products or services that have a significant 

50 

advantage over our offerings. Advantages could be in price, capacity, performance, reliability, serviceability, industry standards or formats, brand and marketing, or other attributes. If we do not compete successfully by developing and deploying new cost-effective products, processes, and technologies on a timely basis and by adapting to changes in our industry and the global economy, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Similarly, our products are used by manufacturers in a variety of industries. To the extent these industries become more sensitive to input costs, we may face price pressure. Our ability to respond to such pressures depends on the strength and viability of our internal cost management and pricing programs. Any failure of these programs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

# **_<mark>31. We operate in a highly competitive industry; if we are not able to compete effectively in the electronics manufacturing services sector, our business could be adversely affected.</mark>_** 

<mark>We compete against many providers of electronics manufacturing services. For details of our competition, also see, “</mark> _<mark>Industry Overview – Competition Scenario</mark>_ <mark>” on page 191. Some of our competitors have substantially greater financial, manufacturing or marketing resources than we do and have more geographically diversified international operations than we do. In addition, we may in the future encounter competition from other large electronic manufacturers that are selling, or may begin to sell, electronics manufacturing services.</mark> 

<mark>We also face competition from the manufacturing operations of our current and future customers, who are continually evaluating the merits of manufacturing products internally against the advantages of outsourcing to EMS providers. In addition, in recent years, ODMs that provide design and manufacturing services to OEMs, have significantly increased their share of outsourced manufacturing services provided to OEMs in several markets. Competition from other ODMs may increase if our business in these markets grows or if ODMs expand further into or beyond these markets.</mark> 

<mark>During periods of recession in the electronics industry, our competitive advantages in the areas of quick turnaround manufacturing and responsive customer service may be of reduced importance to electronics OEMs, who may become more price sensitive. We may also be at a competitive disadvantage with respect to price when compared to manufacturers with lower cost structures, particularly those with more offshore facilities located where labour and other costs are lower. The availability of excess manufacturing capacity at many of our competitors creates intense pricing and competitive pressure on the EMS industry as a whole. To compete effectively, we must continue to provide technologically advanced manufacturing services, maintain strict quality standards, respond flexibly and rapidly to customers’ design and schedule changes, deliver products globally on a reliable basis at competitive prices and seek to create enhanced relationships with our customers with our advanced technology and engineering solutions. There can be no assurance that we will be able to competitively develop the products or solutions necessary to retain business or attract new customers. There can also be no assurance that we will be able to establish a compelling advantage over our competitors.</mark> 

# **_<mark>32. There are outstanding legal proceedings against our Company, our Directors, our Promoters and our Subsidiaries and adverse outcomes in such proceedings may negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.</mark>_** 

We may in the future be, implicated in lawsuits including lawsuits and arbitrations involving compensation for loss due to various reasons including tax matters, civil disputes, labour and service matters, statutory notices, regulatory petitions and other matters. Litigation or arbitration could result in substantial costs to, and a diversion of effort by, us and/or subject us to significant liabilities to third parties. There are various outstanding legal proceedings against our Company pending at various levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals, authorities and appellate bodies in India. In addition, we are subject to risks of litigation including public interest litigation, contract, employment related, personal injury and property damage. 

We cannot provide any assurance that these legal proceedings will be decided in our favour. Any adverse decision may have a significant effect on our business including the financial condition of our Company, delay in implementation of our current or future projects and results of operations. There can be no assurance that the results of such legal proceedings will not materially harm our business, reputation or standing in the marketplace or that we will be able to recover any losses incurred from third parties, regardless of whether we are at fault. Even if we are successful in defending such cases, we may be subject to legal and other costs incurred pursuant to defending such litigation, and such costs may be substantial and not recoverable. There can be no assurance that losses relating to litigation or arbitration will be covered by insurance or that any such losses would not have a material adverse effect on the results of our operations or financial condition. 

51 

A summary of the nature and number of outstanding material litigation as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, as decided by our Board and further detailed in _“Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments”_ on page 636, involving our Company, our Directors, our Promoters and our Subsidiaries along with the amount involved, to the extent quantifiable, has been set out below: 

|**Name**<br>**of**<br>**Entity**<br> <br>|**Criminal**<br>**Proceedings**<br>|**Tax**<br>**Proceedings**<br>|**Statutory or**<br>**Regulatory**<br>**Proceedings**<br>**_Company_**<br>|**Disciplinary actions**<br>**by SEBI or Stock**<br>**Exchanges**<br>**against**<br>**our Promoters**<br>|**Material**<br>**civil**<br>**litigation**<br>|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**<br>**involved* (₹**<br>**in million)**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|By<br>the|Nil|NA|NA|NA|Nil|Nil|
|Company|||||||
|Against the|Nil|2|Nil|NA|1|70.19|
|Company<br>|||**_Directors_**||||
|By<br>the|Nil|NA|NA|NA|Nil|Nil|
|<br>Directors|||||||
|Against the|2|Nil|Nil|NA|Nil|NA|
|Dirtr|||||||
|ecos<br> <br>|||**_Promoters_**<br>|<br>|||
|By<br>the|Nil|NA|NA|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|<br>Promoters|||||||
|Against the|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|<br>Promoters|||**_Subsidiarie_**|**_s_**|||
|By<br>the|Nil|NA|NA|NA|Nil|Nil|
|<br>Subsidiary|||||||
|Against the<br>Subsidiary|Nil|5|Nil|NA|Nil|6.58|



* _to the extent quantifiable._ 

**_<mark>33. We require various statutory and regulatory permits and approvals in the ordinary course of our business, and our failure to obtain, renew or maintain them in a timely manner may adversely affect our operations.</mark>_** 

We are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory permits, approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions for carrying out our business and operations. Failure by us to renew, maintain or obtain the required permits or approvals at the requisite time may result in the interruption of our operations and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, we cannot assure that the approvals, licenses, registrations and permits issued to us would not be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business. We are also required to make payments pursuant to statutory requirements. There can be no assurance that delays will not occur in making such payments in the future and that the relevant authority will not initiate actions against us for such delays. 

Any failure to renew the approvals that have expired or apply for and obtain the required approvals, licenses, registrations or permits, or any suspension or revocation of any of the approvals, licenses, registrations and permits that have been or may be issued to us, may impede our operations. For details of applicable regulations relating to our business and operations, see _“Key Regulations and Policies”_ on page 242. Further, see “ _Government and Other Approvals”_ on page 640 for details of the material approvals applicable to our business and operations including for details of applications made for certain regulatory approvals that have not been received by us as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. These include, among others, authorisations under the Hazardous & Other Wastes (Management and Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016 and E-Waste (Management) Rules, 2016, for our manufacturing facility at Bawal and fire no objection certificate for our manufacturing facility at Bengaluru. We cannot assure you that the relevant regulatory or statutory authorities will not initiate actions against us for carrying out our operations without applying for and holding valid approvals. In the event that we are unable to obtain such approvals in a timely manner or at all, our business operations may be adversely affected. 

52 

**_<mark>34. Any adverse changes in regulations governing our business, products and the products of our customers, may adversely impact our business, prospects and results of operations.</mark>_** 

Government regulations and policies of India as well as the countries to which we export our products can affect the demand for, expenses related to and availability of our products. We have incurred and expect to continue incurring costs for compliance with such laws and regulations. Any changes in government regulations and policies, such as the withdrawal of or changes in tax benefits, incentives and subsidies or anti-dumping duties levied by India or other countries, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Further, regulatory requirements with respect to our products and the products of our customers are subject to change. An adverse change in the regulations governing the development of our products and their usage by our customers, including the development of licensing requirements and technical standards and specifications or the imposition of onerous requirements, may have an adverse impact on our operations. Our Company’s business, prospects and results of operations have not been materially and adversely affected due to any adverse change in regulations in the last three Fiscals. 

Our Company may be required to alter our manufacturing and/or distribution process and target markets and incur capital expenditure to achieve compliance with such new regulatory requirements applicable to us and our customers. We cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with the regulatory requirements. If we fail to comply with new statutory or regulatory requirements, there could be a delay in the submission or grant of approval for manufacturing and marketing new products or we may be required to withdraw existing products from the market. Moreover, if we fail to comply with the various conditions attached to such approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions once received, the relevant regulatory body may suspend, curtail or revoke our ability to market such products and/or we may be deemed to be in breach of our arrangements with our customers. Consequently, there is an inherent risk that we may inadvertently fail to comply with such regulations, which could lead to enforced shutdowns and other sanctions imposed by the relevant authorities, as well as the withholding or delay in receipt of regulatory approvals for our new products, which may adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_<mark>35. Our failure in maintaining our quality accreditations and certifications may negatively impact our brand and reputation.</mark>_** 

We have received a number of quality assurance certifications and accreditations which have certified that our research, development, manufacturing and supply of our products are in compliance with globally accepted manufacturing practices and quality standards. For instance, we have received accreditations including the ISO 9001:2015, IATF 16949:2016, ISO 13485: 2016, AS 9100D, ISO 14001:2015, ANSI/ESD S20.20-2014 and ISO 45001:2018 certifications for quality management, environment and health & safety system. If we are unable to renew these accreditations, our brand and reputation could be adversely affected. Any significant damage to our reputation and/or brand caused by being denied such accreditations and certifications could have a material adverse effect on our ability to attract new and repeat customers and, as a result, adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 

**_<mark>36. The geographical concentration of our manufacturing facilities may restrict our operations and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial conditions.</mark>_** 

We currently operate through eleven manufacturing facilities spread across Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Himachal Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and Haryana. There are no instances in the past linked to the location of the Company’s manufacturing facilities in these states, that have materially and adversely affected business and operations of the Company. However, due to the geographic concentration of our manufacturing operations, our operations are susceptible to local and regional factors, such as accidents, system failures, economic and weather conditions, natural disasters, and demographic and population changes, the outbreak of infectious diseases such as COVID19 and other unforeseen events and circumstances. Such disruptions could result in the damage or destruction of a significant portion of our manufacturing abilities, significant delays in the transport of our products and raw materials and/or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, disruptions, damage or destruction of those facilities may severely affect our ability to meet our customers’ demand and the loss of any one of our key customers or a significant reduction in demand from such customers could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_<mark>37. If we are unable to sustain or manage our growth, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected.</mark>_** 

53 

We have experienced growth in the past three years. For Fiscal 2022, we had a total income of ₹ 6,545.05 million, as compared to ₹ 4,048.82 million for the Fiscal 2020. Further, based on our Proforma Condensed Combined Financial Information, for Fiscal 2022, we had a total proforma income of ₹ 12,843.68 million, as compared to ₹ 8,799.54 million for the Fiscal 2020. Our operations have grown over the last few Fiscals. We may not be able to sustain our rates of growth, due to a variety of reasons including a decline in the demand for our products, increased price competition, non-availability of raw materials, lack of management availability or a general slowdown in the economy. A failure to sustain our growth may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We are embarking on a growth strategy which involves (i) solidifying and strengthening our core competitiveness of technology innovation, (ii) pursuing organic growth, and inorganic growth through strategic acquisitions, (iii) expanding our customer base and geographic reach, (iv) increasing our wallet share from existing customers, and (v) catering to more end-use industries. Such growth strategy will place significant demands on our management as well as our financial, accounting and operating systems and require us to continuously evolve and improve our operational, financial and internal controls across our organization. In particular, continued expansion increases the challenges involved in: 

- making accurate assessments of the resources we will require 

- preserving a uniform culture, values and work environment across our projects 

- developing and improving our internal administrative infrastructure, particularly our financial, operational, communications, internal control and other internal systems 

- acquiring new customers and increasing or maintaining contribution from existing customer 

- recruiting, training and retaining sufficient skilled management, technical and marketing personnel 

- maintaining high levels of customer satisfaction; and 

- adhering to expected performance and quality standards. 

If we are unable to increase our manufacturing capacity, we may not be able to successfully execute our growth strategy. Further, as we scale-up and diversify our products, we may not be able to execute our operations efficiently, which may result in delays, increased costs and lower quality products. We cannot assure you that our future performance or growth strategy will be in line with our past performance or growth strategy. Our failure to manage our growth effectively may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_<mark>38. Our failure to comply with trade restrictions such as economic sanctions and export controls could negatively impact our reputation and results of operations.</mark>_** 

We may be subject to trade restrictions, including economic sanctions and export controls, imposed by governments around the world with jurisdiction over our operations, which prohibit or restrict transactions involving certain designated persons and certain designated countries or territories. Our failure to successfully comply with these laws and regulations may expose us to reputational harm as well as significant sanctions, including criminal fines, imprisonment, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, injunctions, debarment from government contracts, and other remedial measures. Investigations of alleged violations can be expensive and disruptive. As part of our business, we may, from time to time, engage in limited sales and transactions involving certain countries that are targets of economic sanctions, provided that such sales and transactions are authorized pursuant to applicable economic sanctions laws and regulations. Our Company has not been subject to, and the jurisdictions in which our Company operates have not been subject to economic sanctions, export controls or such other restrictions in the last three Fiscals and the current Fiscal. However, we cannot predict the nature, scope, or effect of future regulatory requirements, including changes that may affect existing regulatory authorizations, and we cannot predict the manner in which existing laws and regulations might be administered or interpreted. 

In addition, any perceived or actual breach of compliance by us with respect to applicable laws, rules, and regulations could have a significant impact on our reputation and could cause us to lose existing customers, prevent us from obtaining new customers, negatively impact investor sentiment about our Company, require us to expend significant funds to remedy problems caused by violations and to avert further violations, and expose us to legal risk and potential liability, all of which may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

**_<mark>39. We have working capital requirements and may require additional financing to meet those requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.</mark>_** 

54 

Our Company requires working capital to finance the purchase of raw materials and for the manufacture and other related work before payment is received from customers. As on March 31, 2022, our total outstanding indebtedness in respect of our working capital facilities was ₹ 770.93 million. Further, based on our Proforma Condensed Combined Financial Information, as on March 31, 2022, our total proforma outstanding indebtedness in respect of our working capital facilities was ₹ 1,377.23 million. In addition, set out below are the details of our net working capital, cash ratio, debt service coverage ratio and interest coverage ratio for the Fiscals 2022, 2021 and 2020, based on the Restated Standalone Financial Information: 

|||_(in ₹ million,_<br>|_unless otherwise specified)_<br>|
|---|---|---|---|
||**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|**Fiscal 2020**|
|Debt Service CoverageRatio<sup>(1)</sup>|0.80|4.17|7.03|
|Cash ratio<sup>(2)</sup>|0.63|0.99|0.82|
|Interest coverage ratio<sup>(3)</sup>|263.80|48.24|241.56|
|Net Working Capital<sup>(4)</sup>|1,113.76|1,073.74|928.12|



> _(1) Debt Service Coverage Ratio = Earnings available for debt services / Expected interest and principal Outflows_ 

_* Expected interest outflow on long term borrowings and principal repayments represent the expected outflows until 31 March 2023 / 31 March 2022 / 31 March 2021 (one year from the Balance Sheet date)_ 

> _(2) Cash ratio = (Current Assets - inventory) / current liabilities_ 

> _(3) Interest coverage ratio = Earnings available for debt services / Expected Interest Outflow_ 

_* Expected interest outflow on long term borrowings represent the expected outflows until 31 March 2023 / 31 March 2022 / 31 March 2021 (one year from the Balance Sheet date)_ 

> _(4) Net Working Capital = Total current assets – Total Current Liabilities (Total Current Liabilities excludes short term borrowings and current tax liabilities (net))_ 

The actual amount and timing of our future working capital requirements may differ from estimates as a result of, among other factors, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, economic conditions, engineering design changes, weather related delays, technological changes and additional market developments and new opportunities in the EMS sector. Our sources of additional financing, required to meet our working capital requirements and capital expenditure plans, may include the incurrence of debt or the issue of equity or debt securities or a combination of both. If we decide to raise additional funds through the incurrence of debt, our interest and debt repayment obligations will increase, and could have a significant effect on our profitability and cash flows and we may be subject to additional covenants, which could limit our ability to access cash flows from operations. Any issuance of equity, on the other hand, could result in a dilution of your shareholding. Accordingly, continued increases in our working capital requirements may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_<mark>40. Our indebtedness and the conditions and restrictions imposed on us by our financing agreements could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business.</mark>_** 

As on March 31, 2022, we had total outstanding indebtedness of ₹ 1,325.92 million based as per the Restated Standalone Financial Information. Further, based on our Restated Consolidated Financial Information, as on March 31, 2022, we had total outstanding indebtedness of ₹ 1,942.40 million. We may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Our indebtedness could have several important consequences, including but not limited to the following: 

- a portion of our cash flow will be used towards repayment of our existing debt, which will reduce the availability of cash to fund working capital needs, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate requirements; 

- our ability to obtain additional financing in the future at reasonable terms may be restricted; 

- fluctuations in market interest rates may affect the cost of our borrowings, as some of our loans are at variable interest rates; 

- we may not be able to obtain further financing at optimal costs, and 

- we may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, may be limited in our ability to withstand competitive pressures and may have reduced flexibility in responding to changing business, regulatory and economic conditions. 

Our financing arrangements are secured by our present and future current assets and our movable and immovable fixed assets, and the personal guarantees of our Promoters. Our financing agreements also include various conditions and covenants that require us to obtain lender consents prior to carrying out certain activities and entering into certain transactions. Typically, restrictive covenants under financing documents of our Company relate to obtaining prior consent of the lender for, among others: 

55 

- Effectuating any change in our shareholding pattern. 

- Effectuating any change in the management or control of our Company. 

- Diluting the promoter’s stake from present levels. 

- Making any changes in the memorandum and articles of our Company. 

- Opening bank accounts with banks other than the lender bank. 

- Effectuating any change in the constitution of our Company. 

For further details of the restrictive covenants under financing documents of our Company, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 634. Further, there have been no breach of the conditions and restrictions imposed on our Company under its financing arrangements that have resulted in a material adverse effect on our Company’s business, operations and financial condition in the last three Fiscals and the current Fiscal. In addition, the conditions and restrictions imposed on our Company under its financing arrangements have not restricted the Company’s business and operations in a manner that resulted in a material adverse effect on the Company, in the last three Fiscals. However, going forward, any failure to comply with the requirement to obtain a consent, or other condition or covenant under our financing agreements that is not waived by our lenders or is not otherwise cured by us, may lead to a termination of our credit facilities, acceleration of all amounts due under such facilities and trigger cross-default provisions under certain of our other financing agreements, and may materially and adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and operations or implement our business plans. 

Further, any failure to service our indebtedness, perform any condition or covenant or comply with the restrictive covenants could lead to a termination of our credit facilities, default and acceleration of amounts due under such facilities, any of which may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

**_<mark>41. We may undertake joint ventures in the future, which may be difficult to integrate and manage. Further, our joint venture partners may not perform their obligations satisfactorily and their interests may differ from ours, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.</mark>_** 

We believe that our efforts at diversifying into new products and into new domestic or international markets can be facilitated by entering into joint venture agreements or strategic alliances with partners whose operations, resources, capabilities and strategies are complementary to our Company. There can be no assurance that the integration of such joint ventures in the future, whether strategic or financial will be successful or that the expected strategic benefits of any such action will be realised. In order to achieve global growth and recognition, we will have to maintain our joint ventures and take initiatives to enter into similar arrangements. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable joint venture partners on commercially reasonable terms or be able to raise sufficient funds to finance such strategies for growth. If we are unable to successfully manage relationships with our joint venture partners, our growth and profitability may suffer. Our reliance on joint venture partners may increase in sectors where we have limited experience. Any of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and business prospects. Additionally, there can be no assurance that we will be able to consummate our joint ventures in the future on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Further there is no assurance that our products manufactured through joint ventures and alliances will generate the expected levels of interest amongst our customers or that our new ventures will generate return on investment at expected levels or at all. 

**_<mark>42. We retain a large number of contract labour. In the event of non-availability of such contract labour or any adverse regulatory orders, it may have a material adverse impact on our operations.</mark>_** 

We operate in a labour-intensive industry and accordingly, are required to employ labour as well as contractual labour. This results in significant labour as well as contractual labour costs for our Company. Set out below are the details of the number of permanent employees, temporary employees and trainee employees of our Company and our Subsidiaries as on March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020: 

||**No. of permanent employees**|**No. of temporary and**<br>**retainership employees**|**No. of trainees**|
|---|---|---|---|
|As on March31,2022|849|3,886|158|
|As on March 31, 2021|351|2,602|781|
|As on March31,2020|283|2,069|976|



Our dependence on contract labour may result in significant risks for our operations, relating to the availability 

56 

and skill of such contract labourers, as well as contingencies affecting availability of such contract labour during peak periods in labour intensive sectors such as ours. There can be no assurance that we will have adequate access to skilled and unskilled workmen at reasonable rates. For instance, our manufacturing process is dependent on a technology driven production system and any inability of our labour to successfully familiarise with such technology will adversely affect our business, financial condition, result of operations and cash flows. 

Further, our Company appoints independent contractors who in turn engage a significant number of on-site contract labourers for performance of our business operations. Although our Company does not engage these labourers directly, we may be held responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_<mark>43. Employee misconduct could harm us and is difficult to detect and deter.</mark>_** 

Although we closely monitor our employees, misconduct, including acts of theft and fraud by employees or executives, such acts could include binding us to transactions that exceed authorized limits or present unacceptable risks or they may hide unauthorized or unlawful activities from us, which may result in substantial financial losses and damage to our reputation and loss of business from our customers. Employee or executive misconduct could also involve the improper use or disclosure of confidential information, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious reputational or financial harm, including harm to our brand. There have been no instances of fraud or theft by the employees of our Company in their capacity as an employee of our Company, in the last three Fiscals and the current Fiscal. However, it is not always possible to deter employee or executive misconduct and the precautions taken and systems put in place to prevent and detect such activities may not be effective in all cases. Any instances of such misconduct could adversely affect our reputation. 

# **_<mark>44. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to successfully manage, or accurately report, our financial risks.</mark>_** 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to prepare reliable financial reports and effectively avoid fraud. Moreover, any internal controls that we may implement, or our level of compliance with such controls, may deteriorate over time, due to evolving business conditions. There can be no assurance that deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise in the future, or that we will be able to implement, and continue to maintain, adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls. For further details, please see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations - Quantitative and qualitative analysis of financial risks_ ” on page 624. There have been no instances where the internal controls of the Company were ascertained to be inadequate by the Statutory Auditors in the last three Fiscals. However, any inability on our part to adequately detect, rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls may adversely impact our ability to accurately report, or successfully manage, our financial risks, and to avoid fraud. 

**_<mark>45. We have, in the past, entered into certain transactions with related parties and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflict of interest with equity shareholders. Any related party transactions that are not on an arm's length basis may adversely affect our business, results of operation and financial condition.</mark>_** 

We have, in the past, entered into certain transactions with related parties and may continue to do so in the future. Such related party transactions may potentially involve conflict of interest with equity shareholders. For further details, see “ _Summary of the Offer Document - Summary of related party transactions_ ” and “ _Restated Financial Information”_ on pages 25 and 284, respectively. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arms-length basis, we cannot assure you that we would not have achieved more favourable commercial terms had such transactions not been entered into with related parties. Further, we may enter into related party transactions in the future, and such transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. There can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our public shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_<mark>46. Under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities may have an adverse effect on our business, future prospectus and future financial performance.</mark>_** 

Our capacity utilization is affected by the availability of raw materials, industry and market conditions as well as by the product requirements of, and the procurement practice followed by, our customers. In the event that we are unable to achieve full capacity utilization of our current manufacturing facilities, this would result in operational 

57 

inefficiencies which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, future prospects and future financial performance. For further details in relation to our capacity utilization, see _“Our Business – Description of our Business and Operations – Our Manufacturing Facilities - Manufacturing capacity_ ” on page 233. 

Under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities over extended periods, or significant under-utilization in the short term, could adversely impact our business, growth prospects and future financial performance. In addition, we have made, and may continue to make significant investments in our manufacturing facilities. Our expected return on capital invested is subject to, among other factors, the ability to ensure satisfactory performance of personnel to further grow our business, our ability to absorb additional infrastructure costs and utilize the expanded capacities as anticipated. In case of oversupply in the industry or lack of demand, we may not be able to utilize our capacity efficiently. 

# **_<mark>47. We may undertake or may be forced to undertake certain onerous contractual obligations with some of our customers.</mark>_** 

We have in the past, provided certain customers with price reductions, indemnities, cooling off periods and noncompete provisions. We cannot assure you that our existing or future customers will not demand for similar provisions in their contracts with us. While to date we believe such obligations have not materially affected us, there can be no assurance that they will not adversely affect us in the future. Furthermore, if we refuse to enter into contracts that contain such obligations, we may lose prospective customers and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

# **_<mark>48. We are highly dependent on our management team and key personnel and the loss of any key team member may adversely affect our business performance.</mark>_** 

Our Promoter and Executive Chairman, Sandeep Tandon, has been instrumental in the growth and development of our Company. In particular, the active involvement of our Promoter in our operations, including through strategy, direction and customer relationships have been integral to our development and business. The loss of this individual would have a material adverse effect on our operations. We cannot assure you that his services will continue to be available to us, or that we will be able to find a suitable replacement if required. 

Further, our businesses are dependent upon a core management team which oversees the day-to-day operations, strategy and growth of our business. Many of the key management personnel have been with us for a considerable period of time, and have been, and may continue to be, integral to our further development. Our success is largely dependent on our management team which ensures the implementation of our strategy. If one or more members of our key management team were unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, such persons would be difficult to replace and our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

In addition, our success in expanding our business will also depend, in part, on our ability to attract, retain and motivate appropriately qualified personnel. Our failure to successfully manage our personnel needs could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Moreover, if any of our key professional employees were to join an existing competitor or form a competing company or otherwise leave, it could lead to setbacks in the implementation of our plans and strategy. Our failure to successfully manage our personnel needs could materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. These risks could be heightened to the extent we invest in businesses or geographical regions in which we have limited experience. If we are not able to address these risks, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

# **_<mark>49. The land and premises for our manufacturing facilities are held by us on lease or leave and license or tenancy agreements which subject us to certain risks.</mark>_** 

Most of our manufacturing facilities are on premises that have been leased by us from third parties through lease or leave and license or tenancy arrangements. For further details, see _“Our Business – Our Manufacturing Facilities”_ on page 233. Upon expiration of the relevant agreement for each such premise, we will be required to negotiate the terms and conditions on which the lease agreement may be renewed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to renew these agreements on commercially reasonable terms in a timely manner, or at all. 

Termination of our leases may occur for reasons beyond our control, such as breaches of lease agreements by the 

58 

landlords of our premises which is detrimental to our operations. If we, our current or future landlords breach the lease agreements, we may have to relocate to alternative premises or shut down our operations at that site. Once we obtain a lease, we incur significant expenses to install necessary furniture, fittings, machinery, lighting, security systems and air conditioning, to ensure such unit is designed in line with our requirements. Relocation of any part of our operations may cause disruptions to our business and may require significant expenditure, and we cannot assure you that in such a case, we will be able to find suitable premises on commercially reasonable terms in a timely manner, if at all or we may have to pay significantly higher rent or incur additional expenses towards interiors. Occurrence of any of these factors may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Certain of our lease agreements for our manufacturing facilities contain restrictive covenants, including but not limited to, requirements that we obtain consent from the lessor, which is typically the industrial development authority, prior to undertaking certain matters including changing the name and style under which we are doing business. For instance, by way of our letter in November 2021, we sought consent from Development Commissioner, Madras Export Processing Zone, Special Economic Zone for change in name of the Company pursuant to the conversion of the company to a public limited company, pursuant to the Offer. As on date, while we have stipulated that, in the absence of a response from them in writing within a period of 20 days from the date of the letter being delivered to them, our Company shall be deemed to have received consent from them, no response has been received from them within the time frame set out by us in our letter. While we believe that we have taken adequate steps to seek their consent, we cannot assure that such authorities will not take any adverse action against us under the terms of their respective lease agreements. 

Further, some of our lease deeds for our properties may not be registered and further some of our lease deeds may not be adequately stamped and consequently, may not be accepted as evidence in a court of law and we may be required to pay penalties for inadequate stamp duty. The absence of registration of the lease deeds pertaining to our properties under the Registration Act, 1908, may result in our Company and/or our Subsidiaries being noncompliant with applicable statutes or regulations of the states in which such properties are situated. We shall, going forward, endeavour to arrange for the registration of such lease deeds. Further, we may not be able to assess or identify all risks and liabilities associated with any properties, such as faulty or disputed title, unregistered encumbrances or adverse possession rights, improperly executed, unregistered or insufficiently stamped instruments, or other defects that we may not be aware of. 

In the event that these existing leases are terminated or they are not renewed on commercially acceptable terms or at all, we may suffer a disruption in our operations. If alternative premises are not available at the same or similar costs, size or locations, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

# **_<mark>50. The Proforma Condensed Combined Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus may not accurately reflect our future financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and business.</mark>_** 

This Red Herring Prospectus contains the Proforma Condensed Combined Financial Information as at and for the year ended March 31, 2022, March 31, 2021 and March 31, 2020 to illustrate a proforma effect to the acquisition of SGS Tekniks and Perfect ID. The Proforma Condensed Combined Financial Information have been prepared to illustrate the impact of acquisition of SGS Tekniks and Perfect ID on our financial position as if the acquisitions had consummated on April 1, 2019. For further details, see _“Proforma Financial Information_ ” on page 462. The Proforma Condensed Combined Financial Information addresses a hypothetical situation and does not represent our actual consolidated financial results and is not intended to be indicative of our future financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

The Proforma Condensed Combined Financial Information involves various assumptions as stated therein, after making certain adjustments, and our Statutory Auditors have issued a report in accordance with the “ _Standard on Assurance Engagements (SAE) 3420, Assurance Engagements to Report on the Compilation of Proforma Financial Information included in a Prospectus_ ” issued by The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India. As the Proforma Condensed Combined Financial Information have been prepared for illustrative purposes only, it is, by its nature, subject to change and may not give an accurate picture of the actual picture of the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows that would have occurred had such transactions by us been effected on the dates they are assumed to have been effected. The Proforma Condensed Combined Financial Information have not been prepared in accordance with accounting or other standards and practices generally accepted in jurisdictions other than India, and accordingly should not be relied upon as if they had been prepared in accordance with those standards and practices of any other jurisdiction. If the various assumptions underlying the preparation 

59 

of the Proforma Condensed Combined Financial Information do not come to pass, our actual results could have been materially different from those indicated in the Proforma Condensed Combined Financial Information nor are they indicative of our future results of operations. Further, in connection with the acquisition of SGS Tekniks and Perfect ID, we may incur certain costs, which could also cause such Proforma Condensed Combined Financial Information to not be reflective of our future performance. 

# **_<mark>51. If we are unable to raise additional capital, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected.</mark>_** 

We will continue to incur expenditure in maintaining and growing our existing business. We cannot assure you that we will have sufficient capital resources for our current operations or any future expansion plans that we may have. While we expect our cash on hand and cash flow from operations to be adequate to fund our existing commitments, our ability to incur any future borrowings is dependent upon the success of our operations. Our ability to arrange financing and the costs of capital of such financing are dependent on numerous factors, including general economic and capital market conditions and the effect of events such as the COVID-19 pandemic, credit availability from banks, investor confidence, the continued success of our operations and laws that are conducive to our raising capital in this manner. Any unfavorable change to terms of borrowings may adversely affect our ability to import raw materials and our cash flows, results of operations and financial conditions. If we decide to meet our capital requirements through debt financing, we may be subject to certain restrictive covenants and may have to grant security interests over certain of our assets. If we are unable to raise adequate capital in a timely manner and on acceptable terms, or at all, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

# **_<mark>52. We have certain contingent liabilities and our cash flows, financial condition and profitability may be adversely affected if any of these contingent liabilities materialise.</mark>_** 

As of March 31, 2022, our contingent liabilities as per the Restated Consolidated Financial Information, that have not been provided for were as follows: 

|**Particulars**|**Amount(₹ in million)**|
|---|---|
|**Claims against the Company not acknowledged as debt**||
|Erstwhile customer|56.17|
|Karnataka VAT related matters|14.02|
|Income tax demands|6.58|
|Civil matters|0.18|
|**Total**|**76.95**|



Further, as of March 31, 2022, our contingent liabilities as per the Restated Standalone Financial Information, that have not been provided for were as follows: 

|**Particulars**||**Amount (₹ in million)**|
|---|---|---|
|Erstwhile customer||56.17|
|Karnataka VAT relatedmatters||14.02|
||**Total**|**70.19**|



Further, as of March 31, 2022, our contingent liabilities as per the Proforma Condensed Combined Financial Information, that have not been provided for were as follows: 

|**Particulars**||**Amount(₹ in million)**|
|---|---|---|
|Erstwhile customer||56.17|
|Karnataka VAT related matters||14.02|
|Income tax demands||6.58|
|Civil matters||0.18|
||**Total**|**76.95**|



If any of these contingent liabilities materialise, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_<mark>53. We have issued Equity Shares during the last 12 months at a price that may be lower than the Offer Price.</mark>_** 

60 

We have issued Equity Shares during the last 12 months preceding the date of this Red Herring Prospectus at a price that may be lower than the Offer Price, as detailed in the following table: 

|**Date of Allotment**|**Reason for / Nature of**<br>**Allotment**|**No. of Equity**<br>**Shares Allotted**|**Face Value per**<br>**Equity Share (₹)**|**Issue price per**<br>**Equity Share (₹)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|September 16, 2021|Private placement|125,690|10|5,341.00*|
|September 17, 2021|Private placement|125,690|10|5,341.00*|
|September 20, 2021|Private placement|125,690|10|5,341.00*|
|September 21,2021|Private placement|125,690|10|5,341.00*|
|October 19, 2021|Conversion of preference<br>shares|106,132|10|-|
|October 27,2021|PrivatePlacement|5,620|10|5,341.00*|
|October 30, 2021|Bonus issue in the ratio of<br>100 Equity Shares for every<br>oneEquity Shareheld|136,255,300|10|-|
|May 5, 2022|Pre-IPO placement by way<br>of private placement|3,793,103|10|290.00|



_* The issue price has not been adjusted for the bonus issue of Equity Shares by our Company undertaken pursuant to a resolution of our Shareholders dated October 28, 2021, pursuant to which our Company has issued and allotted 136,255,300 bonus Equity Shares in the ratio of 100 fully paid-up bonus share of the face value of ₹ 10 each for every existing one fully paid up equity share of the face value of ₹ 10 each held by the Shareholders as on October 28, 2021._ 

For further details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 93. The Offer Price is not indicative of the price that will prevail in the open market following listing of the Equity Shares. 

# **_<mark>54. Certain of our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel (including our Promoters) have interests in our Company other than reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits.</mark>_** 

Certain of our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel may be regarded as having an interest in our Company other than reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits. They may also be deemed to be interested to the extent of Equity Shares held by them, as well as to the extent of any dividends, bonuses or other distributions on such Equity Shares Additionally, we have, in the course of our business, entered into, and will continue to enter into, transactions with related parties. The Promoters, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel may also be deemed to be interested in the contracts, agreements / arrangements entered into or to be entered into by our Company with any company which is promoted by them or in which they hold directorships or any partnership firm in which they are partners as declared in their respective capacity. 

While, in our view, all such transactions that we have entered into are legitimate business transactions conducted on an arms’ length basis, we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such arrangements not been entered into with related parties or that we will be able to maintain existing terms, in cases where the terms are more favourable than if the transaction had been conducted on an arms’ length basis. There can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, result of operations, financial condition and cash flows, including because of potential conflicts of interest or otherwise. For more information on our related party transactions, see “ _Other Financial Information – Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 589. 

# **_<mark>55. Conflicts of interest may arise out of common business objects between our Company, Subsidiaries and Group Companies.</mark>_** 

Conflicts may arise in the ordinary course of decision making by our Promoters or Board of Directors. Certain of our Group Companies and Subsidiaries are authorized to carry out, or engage in business similar to that of our Company. While we will adopt necessary procedures and practices as permitted by law to address any instances of conflict of interest, if and when they may arise, we cannot assure you that these or other conflicts of interest will be resolved in an impartial manner. Further, due to the conflict of interest between us, or to the extent that competing business operations offered by Group Companies may erode our market share, we may not be able to effectively manage any such conflict or competitive pressures and, consequently, our business, results of operation and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_<mark>56. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants in our financing arrangements.</mark>_** 

61 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditure, restrictive covenants in our financing arrangements, applicable restrictions under Indian law and other factors. For further information, please see _“Dividend Policy”_ on page 283 and _“Financial Indebtedness”_ on page 634. The declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be recommended by our Board of Directors and approved by our Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of our Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act, 2013. There can be no assurance that our Company will pay dividends in the future. We may decide to retain all of our earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of our business. Accordingly, realization of a gain on Shareholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. 

# **_<mark>57. After the completion of the Offer, our Promoters will continue to collectively hold substantial shareholding in over our Company.</mark>_** 

The aggregate pre-Offer shareholding of our Promoters as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus is 57.12% of the pre-Offer issued, subscribed and paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. For further details, see _“Capital Structure”_ on page 93. After the completion of the Offer, our Promoters will continue to collectively hold substantial shareholding in our Company. Our Promoters will continue to exercise significant influence over our business policies and affairs and all matters requiring Shareholders’ approval, including the composition of our Board of Directors, the adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions or joint ventures or the sales of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, lending, investments and capital expenditures. This concentration of ownership also may delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of these shareholders. The interests of the Promoters as our controlling shareholder could conflict with our interests or the interests of its other shareholders. We cannot assure you that our Promoters will act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our favour and any such conflict may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy or to operate our business 

# **_<mark>58. The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoter Selling Shareholder may be lower than the Floor Price.</mark>_** 

The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by Veena Kumari Tandon, the Promoter Selling Shareholder being ₹ 59.97, may be lower than the Floor Price. For further details regarding the average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by the Promoter Selling Shareholder in our Company, please see “ _Summary of the Offer Document – Average cost of acquisition_ ” on page 32. 

# **_<mark>59. Any reduction in or termination of tax incentives we enjoy may affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.</mark>_** 

We were entitled to certain benefits under the Income Tax Act, 1961. For disclosure of special tax benefits available to our Company, its shareholders and material subsidiaries, see “ _Statement of Special Tax Benefits_ ” on page 154. Any newly introduced or revised policies in relation to the tax, duties or other such levies issued by relevant tax authorities, may deprive us of our existing benefits which may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. We cannot predict the current or future initiatives of the governments and relevant authorities and there can be no assurance that we will continue to enjoy tax incentives. We may not be able to comply with the obligations and stipulations that would allow us to avail ourselves of such benefits or concessions, and consequently, we may lose such benefits and concessions. We are also eligible for incentives under the ‘ _Production Linked Incentive Scheme (PLI) for Telecom and Networking Products’_ notified by the Ministry of Communications, Department of Telecommunications on June 3, 2021. In addition, we have provisionally selected as beneficiaries for grant of incentives under the ‘ _PLI for White Goods (Air Conditioners & LED Lights)_ ’ notified by the Ministry of Commerce & Industry on June 4, 2021 notified by the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology on April 1, 2020. We cannot assure you that we will be granted these incentives within reasonable time or at all. The reduction or termination of our tax incentives, or non-compliance with the conditions under which such tax incentives are made available, will increase our tax liability and adversely affect our business results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_<mark>60. In the event the Offer is not completed within 12 months from April 30, 2022, our Company has an obligation to buy-back the Equity Shares allotted to the Pre-IPO Investors pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement.</mark>_** 

62 

In connection with the Pre-IPO Placement, our Company has issued the letters dated May 6, 2022 to the Pre-IPO Investors (“ **Pre-IPO Letters** ”). Pursuant to the Pre-IPO Letters, each of the Pre-IPO Investors has a right to require our Company to buy-back (subject to compliance with applicable law) their respective Equity Shares allotted pursuant to the Pre-IPO Placement, if the Equity Shares are not listed on the Stock Exchanges, on or before the expiry of 12 months from April 30, 2022. The Company shall then be required to buy-back the said Equity Shares at the price at which Equity Shares were subscribed by the Pre-IPO Investors. While this option automatically terminates on the listing of the Equity Shares pursuant to the Offer, we cannot assure you that the Offer will be consummated on or prior to such date. In the event the option is exercised by one or all of the PreIPO Investors, our Company may require significant resources towards buying back such shareholding which in turn may have a material adverse impact on the Company and its prospects. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **_<mark>61. Any downgrading of India's sovereign debt rating by rating agencies could have a negative impact on our business.</mark>_** 

Any adverse revisions to India's sovereign credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. India's sovereign rating is Baa3 with a “stable” outlook (Moody's), BBB- with a “stable” outlook (S&P) and BBB- with a “negative” outlook (Fitch). India's sovereign rating could be downgraded due to various factors, including changes in tax or fiscal policy or a decline in India's foreign exchange reserves, which are outside our control. Any adverse change in India's credit ratings by international rating agencies, may adversely impact the Indian economy and consequently our ability to raise additional financing in a timely manner or at all, as well as the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. This could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance, ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_<mark>62. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.</mark>_** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located elsewhere, including India. Adverse economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficit, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our products may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. Economic growth in the countries in which we operate is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. 

**_<mark>63. Our operations may be adversely affected by the effects of health pandemics, civil disturbances, war, social unrest, hostilities or acts of terrorism, natural disasters such as extreme weather events and other criminal activities</mark>_** <mark>.</mark> 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic and man-made disasters, including acts 

63 

of terrorism, military actions, and wars such as the ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war in India or globally may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years, in particular communal violence across ethnic or communal lines involving conflicts, riots and other forms of violence between communities of different religious faith or ethnic origins, and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. A worsening of the current outbreak of COVID-19 virus or future outbreaks of COVID-19 virus, avian or swine influenza or a similar contagious disease, or break-down of political machinery due to the conflict between Ukraine and Russia, could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region and in turn have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_<mark>64. A slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer</mark>_** 

Our performance and the growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. Any slowdown in the Indian economy or future volatility in global commodity prices could adversely affect our business. Additionally, an increase in trade deficit or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could also adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

India’s economy could be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates, adverse weather conditions affecting agriculture, commodity and energy prices as well as various other factors. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect the policy of the GoI towards our industry, which may in turn adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to implement our business strategy. The Indian economy is also influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market conditions in Asia. A decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves may also affect liquidity and interest rates in the Indian economy, which could adversely impact our financial condition. A loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies or any worldwide financial instability may adversely affect the Indian economy, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

India has from time to time experienced instances of social, religious and civil unrest and hostilities between neighbouring countries. Military activity or terrorist attacks in the future could influence the Indian economy by disrupting communications and making travel more difficult and such political tensions could create a greater perception that investments in Indian companies involve higher degrees of risk. Events of this nature in the future, as well as social and civil unrest within other countries in Asia, could influence the Indian economy. A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of diseases such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19 virus. 

Other factors which may adversely affect the Indian economy are scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing of our developments and expansions; volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on India’s principal stock exchanges; changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies, like political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; occurrence of natural or man-made disasters; infectious disease outbreaks or other serious public health concerns; prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; and other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India. 

# **_<mark>65. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions</mark>_** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

64 

# **_<mark>66. Inflation in India could have an adverse effect on our profitability and if significant, on our financial condition.</mark>_** 

Inflation rates could be volatile, and we may face high inflation in the future as India had witnessed in the past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of transportation, salaries, and other expenses relevant to our business. Further, high inflation leading to higher interest rates may also lead to a slowdown in the economy and adversely impact credit growth. Consequently, we may also be affected and fall short of business growth and profitability. High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our operating expenses, which we may not be able to pass on to our customers, whether entirely or in part, and the same may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or pass the increase in costs on to our customers in India or abroad. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

While the Government of India through the RBI has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect, and there can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not rise in the future. 

# **_<mark>67. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets.</mark>_** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market countries in Asia. A loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies or any worldwide financial instability may adversely affect the Indian economy, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations and the market price of the Equity Shares. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors' reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur again and could harm our business, our future financial performance and the prices of the Equity Shares. Any economic downturn or other factors adversely affecting investments in this sector may result in a decrease in the demand for our services and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_<mark>68. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties including adverse application of tax laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business results of operations, cash flows and financial performance</mark>_** **<mark>.</mark>** 

Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by changes in law or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations in India applicable to us and our business. For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019, prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this Act, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favour of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits / exemptions being claimed), which would ultimately reduce the tax rate (on a gross basis) for Indian companies from 30% to 22% (exclusive of applicable health and education cess and surcharge). There can be no assurance that the central or the state governments may not implement new regulations and policies which will require us to obtain approvals and licenses from the governments and other regulatory bodies or impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations. 

The GAAR took effect on April 1, 2017. The tax consequences of the GAAR provisions being applied to an arrangement could result in the denial of tax benefit, amongst other consequences. Given the recent implementation of GAAR, there can be no assurance as to the manner in which this tax regime will be implemented, which could create uncertainty. 

The Government of India has implemented a comprehensive national GST regime that combines taxes and levies by the Central and State Governments into a unified rate structure. In this regard, the Constitution (One hundred and first Amendment) Act, 2016 enables the Government of India and state governments to introduce GST. Any future increases or amendments may affect the overall tax efficiency of companies operating in India and may result in significant additional taxes becoming payable. If, as a result of a particular tax risk materializing, the tax costs associated with certain transactions turn out to be greater than anticipated, it could affect the profitability of such transactions. The MoEF has issued a draft of the Environment Impact Assessment Notification, 2020, which 

65 

is yet to be brought into effect. 

Additionally, the Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2022, pursuant to which the Finance Act, 2022, has introduced various amendments to taxation laws in India. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2022 may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. 

In addition, tax laws and regulations are subject to differing interpretations by tax authorities. Differing interpretations of tax and other fiscal laws and regulations may exist within governmental ministries, including tax administrations and appellate authorities, thus creating uncertainty and potential unexpected results. The degree of uncertainty in tax laws and regulations, combined with significant penalties for default and a risk of aggressive action, including by retrospective legislation, by the governmental or tax authorities, may result in tax risks in the states in which we operate being significantly higher than expected. 

Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. In addition, we may have to incur capital expenditure to comply with the requirements of any new regulations. 

# **_<mark>69. Our business and activities may be regulated by the Competition Act and proceedings may be enforced against us.</mark>_** 

The Competition Act, 2002 (the “ **Competition Act** ”) seeks to prevent business practices that have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India. Under the Competition Act, any arrangement, understanding or action in concert between enterprises, whether formal or informal, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India is void and attracts substantial monetary penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or provision of services, shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner by way of allocation of geographical area, type of goods or services or number of customers in the relevant market or in any other similar way or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition. 

The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. If it is proved that the contravention committed by a company took place with the consent or connivance or is attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other officer of such company, that person shall be also guilty of the contravention and may be punished. On March 4, 2011, the Government of India notified and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to, and pre-approved by, the Competition Commission of India (“ **CCI** ”). 

Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued the Competition Commission of India (Procedure in regard to the transaction of business relating to combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. The Competition Act aims to, among other things, prohibit all agreements and transactions, including agreements between vertical trading partners i.e. entities at different stages or levels of the production chain in different markets, which may have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside of India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. However, the effect of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. We may also be subject to queries from the CCI pursuant to complaints by customers or any third persons, which could be made without any or adequate basis given our market presence. 

Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination thereof occurring outside of India if such agreement, conduct or combination thereof has an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. However, the effect of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. 

66 

**_<mark>70. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as IFRS and U.S. GAAP, which may be material to investors’ assessment of our financial condition</mark>_** <mark>.</mark> 

As required under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, we have prepared the Restated Financial Information which are included in this Red Herring Prospectus in accordance with Ind AS. Ind AS differs from other accounting principles that prospective investors may be familiar with, such as IFRS and U.S. GAAP. 

We have not attempted to quantify the impact of U.S. GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of U.S. GAAP or IFRS. U.S. GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which our financial statements, which are included in this Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited. In addition, some of our competitors may not present their financial statements in accordance with Ind AS and their financial statements may thus not be directly comparable to ours. Reliance should accordingly be limited. 

# **RISKS RELATING TO THE OFFER AND THE EQUITY SHARES** 

**_<mark>71. The trading volume and market price of the Equity Shares may be volatile following the Issue.</mark>_** 

The market price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate as a result of, among other things, the following factors, some of which are beyond our control: 

- quarterly variations in our results of operations; 

- results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

- results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

- changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research analysts and investors; 

- a change in research analysts’ recommendations; 

- announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments; 

- announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

- new laws and governmental regulations applicable to our industry; 

- additions or departures of Key Managerial Personnel; 

- changes in exchange rates; 

- fluctuations in stock market prices and volume; and 

**_<mark>72. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all.</mark>_** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments, announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us, volatility in the securities markets in India and other jurisdictions, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

**_<mark>73. You will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares you purchase in the Offer.</mark>_** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must 

67 

be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. The Allotment of Equity Shares in the Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately five Working Days from the Bid / Offer Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid / Offer Closing Date. There could also be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

**_<mark>74. You may be restricted in your ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and may be adversely affected by future dilution of your ownership position</mark>_** <mark>.</mark> 

Under the Companies Act, 2013, a company having a share capital and incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution. However, if the law of the jurisdiction you are in does not permit you to exercise your pre-emptive rights without us filing an offering document or a registration statement with the applicable authority in the jurisdiction you are in, you will be unable to exercise your pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares, your proportional interest in us would be reduced. 

**_<mark>75. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer.</mark>_** 

The Offer Price will be determined by us, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers, through the Book Building Process, in accordance with applicable prevailing regulations. This price will be determined on the basis of applicable law and various other factors, as described in the section “ _Basis for the Offer Price_ ” on page 137 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. There can be no assurance that an active trading market for the Equity Shares will be sustained after this Offer. 

**_<mark>76. The trading price of our Equity Shares may be subject to volatility and you may not be able to sell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price</mark>_** <mark>.</mark> 

The trading price of our Equity Shares may fluctuate after the Offer due to a variety of factors, including our results of operations and the performance of our business, competitive conditions, general economic, political and social factors, the performance of the Indian and global economy and significant developments in India’s fiscal regime, economic liberalization, deregulation policies and procedures or programs applicable to our business, adverse media reports on us, volatility in the Indian and global securities market, performance of our competitors, the Indian real estate industry and the perception in the market about investments in the real estate industry, changes in the estimates of our performance or recommendations by financial analysts and announcements by us or others regarding new projects, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments. In addition, if the stock markets in general experience a loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial condition or operating results. The trading price of our Equity Shares might also decline in reaction to events that affect other companies in our industry even if these events do not directly affect us. Each of these factors, among others, could adversely affect the price of our Equity Shares. 

**_<mark>77. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, convertible securities or other equity linked instruments, by us, may dilute your shareholding or sales of our Equity Shares by any of our significant shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares.</mark>_** 

We may be required to finance our future growth and business requirements through additional securities offerings. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares, including through exercise of employee stock options, by us, could dilute your shareholding. Any such future issuance of our Equity Shares, including sales of our Equity Shares by any of our significant shareholders, may 

68 

also adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares, and may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of the Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that the shareholders will not dispose of, pledge, or otherwise encumber their Equity Shares. In addition, any perception by investor that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. 

**_<mark>78. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares. The Income Tax Act levies taxes on long-term capital gains exceeding ₹100,000 arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while there is no tax charged on unrealized capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on equity shares.</mark>_** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. The Income Tax Act levies taxes on such long-term capital gains exceeding ₹100,000 arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while continuing to exempt the unrealized capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on such equity shares subject to specific conditions. 

A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied both at the time of transfer and acquisition of the equity shares (unless exempted under a prescribed notification), and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realised on the sale of equity shares held for more than 12 months is also subject to long term capital gains tax in India. Such long term capital gains exceeding ₹ 100,000 arising from the sale of listed equity shares on the stock exchange, on which STT has been paid, are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess). Unrealized capital gains earned on listed equity shares up to January 31, 2018 continue to be tax exempt in such cases. Further, STT will be levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange if the equity shares are sold on a stock exchange. With respect to capital gains arising in an off market sale, long term capital gains are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) without the exemption of ₹ 100,000. Short-term capital gains, arising from the sale of such equity shares on a stock exchange would be subject to tax at the rate of 15% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), while short term capital gains arising in an off-market sale would be subject to tax in accordance with the tax slab applicable to the relevant person or entity. 

The Finance Act 2019 has also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. 

Our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_<mark>79. Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian law that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares.</mark>_** 

Under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of our Equity Shares between nonresidents and residents and issuances of shares to non-residents by us are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions), subject to compliance with FEMA and FEMA Rules including pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If such issuances or transfers of shares are not in compliance with such requirements or fall under any of the specified exceptions, then prior approval of the RBI will be required. 

In addition, shareholders who seek to convert the Indian Rupee proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no-objection or tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority. Additionally, the Government of India may impose foreign exchange restrictions in certain emergency situations, including situations where there are sudden fluctuations in interest rates or exchange rates, where the Government of India experiences extreme difficulty in stabilizing the balance of payments, or where there are substantial disturbances in the financial and capital markets in India. These restrictions may require foreign investors to obtain the Government of India’s approval before acquiring Indian securities or repatriating the interest or dividends from those securities or the proceeds from the sale of those securities. There can be no assurance that any approval required from the RBI or any other government agency can be obtained on any particular terms, or at all. 

69 

**_<mark>80. There may not be an active or liquid market for our Equity Shares, which may cause the price of the Equity Shares to fall and may limit your ability to sell the Equity Shares.</mark>_** 

The price at which the Equity Shares will trade after this Offer will be determined by the marketplace and may be influenced by many factors, including, our financial results and the financial results of the companies in the businesses we operate in, the history of, and the prospects for, our business and the sectors in which we compete, the valuation of publicly traded companies that are engaged in business activities similar to us, and significant developments in India’s economic liberalisation and deregulation policies. 

The Indian securities markets are smaller and more volatile than securities markets in more developed economies. In addition, the Indian equity share markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market prices for the securities of Indian companies. The Indian stock exchanges have from time to time-imposed restrictions on trading in certain securities, limitations on price movements and margin requirements. The trading price of our Equity Shares might also decline in reaction to events that affect other companies in our industry even if these events do not directly affect us. Each of these factors, among others, could adversely affect the price of our Equity Shares. As a result, investors in the Equity Shares may experience a decrease in the value of the Equity Shares regardless of our operating performance or prospects and may limit your ability to sell the Equity Shares. 

**_<mark>81. There are restrictions on daily movements in the price of the Equity Shares, which may adversely affect a shareholder’s ability to sell, or the price at which it can sell, the Equity Shares at a particular point in time.</mark>_** 

The price of the Equity Shares will be subject to a daily circuit breaker imposed on listed companies by all stock exchanges in India, which does not allow transactions beyond a certain level of volatility in the price of the Equity Shares. This circuit breaker operates independently of the index-based market-wide circuit breakers generally imposed by the SEBI on Indian stock exchanges. The percentage limit on the Company’s circuit breaker is set by the stock exchanges based, amongst others, on the historical volatility in the price and trading volume of the Equity Shares. The stock exchanges are not required to, and do not, inform us of the percentage limit of the circuit breaker from time to time, and may change it without the Company’s knowledge. This circuit breaker effectively limits upward and downward movements in the price of the Equity Shares. As a result, shareholders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares, or the price at which they can sell the Equity Shares, may be adversely affected at a particular point in time. 

**_<mark>82. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid</mark>_** <mark>.</mark> 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid / Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While Non-Institutional Investors invest monies belonging to others on their behalf, Retail Individual Investors invest for themselves, usually in brokerage or retirement accounts. While we are required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid / Offer Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

**_<mark>83. A third party could be prevented from acquiring control of our Company because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law.</mark>_** 

There are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company, even if a change in control would result in the purchase of your Equity Shares at a premium to the market price or would otherwise be beneficial to you. Such provisions may discourage or prevent certain types of transactions involving actual or threatened change in control of our Company. Under the SEBI Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors / shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company. Consequently, even 

70 

if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to its stakeholders, it is possible that such a takeover would not be attempted or consummated because of the SEBI Takeover Regulations. 

71 

