## **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in the Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before evaluating our business and making an investment in our Equity Shares pursuant to the Offer. This section should be read in conjunction with “Industry Overview”, “Our Business”, “Selected Statistical Information”, “Summary of Financial Information”, “Financial Statements”, and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 90, 113, 185, 60, 200 and 265, respectively, before making an investment decision in relation to the Equity Shares._ 

_The risks and uncertainties described in this section are not the only risks that are relevant to us or the Equity Shares or industry and segment in which we operate. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If any of the following risks or other risks that are not currently known or are now deemed immaterial actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected and the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. The financial and other related implications of risks concerned, wherever quantifiable, have been disclosed in the risk factors described below. However, there are certain risk factors where such implications are not quantifiable, and hence any quantification of the underlying risks has not been disclosed in such risk factors._ 

_In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of our business and the terms of the Offer, including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in the Equity Shares._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For details, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 18._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the CRISIL Report prepared and released by CRISIL and commissioned and paid for by us for the purposes of understanding the industry in connection with the Offer. The CRISIL Report is available on the website of our Bank at -_ _<u>https://www.tmb.in/investor relations.aspx#. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and</u> other related information derived from the CRISIL Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant Fiscal._ 

_Our Fiscal commences on April 1 and ends on March 31 of the subsequent year, and references to a particular Fiscal are to the 12 months ended March 31 of that year. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information included herein is derived from the Restated Financial Statements, which are included in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

## **INTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

**1.** **_37.73% of our paid up equity share capital or 53.76 million Equity Shares are subject to outstanding legal proceedings which are pending at various forums and, in connection with which, proceedings against our Bank have been initiated by various regulatory authorities, including the RBI, the Directorate of Enforcement, some of whom have imposed and sought to impose penalties on us in the past. We cannot assure you that these matters will be resolved in a timely manner or at all and any adverse developments in such proceedings could result in the imposition of injunctions or penalties or require us to incur significant costs to contest any of which could have a material impact on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operation._** 

We are involved in several ongoing legal proceedings following disputes among or in relation to our shareholders, primarily arising out of a transfer of 95,418 Equity Shares on May 13, 2007, subsequent transfers of Equity Shares on December 26, 2011 and June 11, 2012 and a bonus issuance on May 26, 2016 in the ratio of 1:500. Such legal proceedings include challenges to the validity of the transfers themselves, allegations of mismanagement on the part of our Bank in connection with such transfers, allegations that the transferees were not fit and proper persons, and that the transfers were effected in the absence of requisite approvals from the RBI or were done in contravention of approvals received. Persons involved in these matters have sought various reliefs including seeking release of the disputed Equity Shares from escrow, seeking directions to be issued to our Bank to pay dividend and/or issue bonus 

20 

Equity Shares against such disputed Equity Shares, seeking injunctions to restrain voting rights against the Equity Shares under dispute and/or restricting calling of shareholder meetings, seeking investigations into the transfers by regulatory authorities, and seeking imposition of penalties against our Bank and the transferees. For details of these ongoing proceedings see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving Equity Shares of our Bank_ ” on page 294. Investigations into the transfers have been conducted by the RBI and the Directorate of Enforcement against our Bank and certain current Directors, namely, B. Prabaharan, Asok Kumar P.C.G., B.S Keshava Murthy, Nagarajan K, Vijayadurai B, and former directors for contravention of provisions of Regulation 4 of Foreign Exchange Management (Transfer or Issue of Security by Person Resident outside India) Regulations, 2000, and in this respect, the RBI imposed a penalty of ₹ 60.00 million on our Bank on the ground of violations of Section 46(4)(i) of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949. Such penalty has been paid by our Bank on June 26, 2018. The Directorate of Enforcement imposed penalties of ₹ 113.32 million for registration of transfer of 46,862 Equity Shares of seven non-resident entities (“ **Unacknowledged Shares** ”) and ₹ 56.66 million for subsequent transfer of 27,289 shares. Further, monetary penalties have also been imposed on our current Independent Director Balakrishnan Prabaharan, and on certain former directors, including the former Chairman, Managing Director and CEO. For details of these ongoing proceedings see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving Equity Shares of our Bank_ ” on page 294. Pursuant to the order of the Directorate of Enforcement dated August 14, 2020, we have made a provision of ₹ 169.98 million in Fiscal 2021 in the Financial Statements, in the event we are required to pay the penalty imposed by the Directorate of Enforcement which has also been noted by our Joint Statutory Central Auditors as ‘emphasis of matter’ in the Restated Financial Statements. For details, see “ _Financial Statements – Annexure 21 – J Miscellaneous (ii)_ ” and “ _Financial Statements – Annexure 22 – Part B_ ” on pages 243 and 262, respectively. 

Our Bank and members of our senior management including certain of our current Directors,  namely, Asok Kumar P.C.G., B.S Keshava Murthy, Nagarajan K, Vijayadurai B, also received a show cause notice dated November 9, 2017 for imposition of penalties of ₹ 5,314.22 million and ₹ 5,059.75 million in relation to contravention of Section 6(3)(b) of the FEMA read with Regulation 4 and Regulation 6A of the Foreign Exchange Management (Transfer or Issue of Security by a Person Resident outside India) Regulations, 2000. For a complete list of noticees see “ _Schedule 2 – List of Noticees_ ” on page 397. Following correspondence with the RBI, we responded to the show cause notice through our letter dated March 7, 2018. The RBI, in its Risk Assessment Report (“ **RAR** ”) dated March 31, 2018 for Fiscal 2018 and March 31, 2019 for Fiscal 2019 observed that while our Bank discussed the preparation of a reply, no other steps were taken to address the possibility of such penalty being imposed. Recently, in relation to the November 9, 2017 show cause notice, the Directorate of Enforcement issued a notice dated August 8, 2022 to us, certain of our current Directors namely, Asok Kumar P.C.G., B.S Keshava Murthy, Nagarajan K, Vijayadurai B, certain of our shareholders and other noticees of the earlier show cause notice dated November 9, 2017, initiating an inquiry against us as per Rule 4 of the Foreign Exchange Management (Adjudication Proceedings and Appeal) Rules, 2000 and requiring our Bank and the other noticees to appear for personal hearing on September 15, 2022. For a complete list of noticees see “ _Schedule 2 – List of Noticees_ ” on page 397. We cannot at this time ascertain the outcome of such proceedings or when such proceedings will conclude, however, if upon the conclusion of such proceedings a penalty is imposed on our Bank as per the original show cause notice, it may affect the reputation, business, financial condition and results of operation of our Bank. The imposition of the penalty may also affect the stock price of our Bank which could negatively impact the shareholders of our Bank. Our Bank currently has not made a provision in respect of the November 9, 2017 show cause notice in the financials of the Bank. 

For details of the various penalties imposed and sought to be imposed on our Bank, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Actions by regulatory and statutory authorities_ ” on page 301. We cannot assure you that we will not be subject to further penalties in the future, whether on account of regulatory authorities taking action against us or on account of regulatory authorities accepting our request for compounding. Specifically, we have by our letter dated October 12, 2020 sought compounding of offences arising out of a transfer of 46,862 Equity Shares on May 13, 2007, transfer as well as two sets of transfers which took place thereafter on December 26, 2011 and June 11, 2012, in an effort to resolve all of these matters. The RBI, by its letter dated January 27, 2021, declined our request for compounding of such offences, to which we have replied by a letter dated February 22, 2021 requesting the RBI to reconsider its decision. Further, we have also sent a letter dated July 26, 2021 requesting regularization of these Equity Shares to the Foreign Exchange Department, RBI. The RBI through its letter dated November 18, 2021 advised that the regularisation of the Unacknowledged Shares will be processed after the completion of proceedings by the Directorate of Enforcement. For details of 

21 

these ongoing proceedings see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving Equity Shares of our Bank_ ” on page 294. 

We also continue to receive notices and complaints from various persons and authorities regarding such disputes relating to our Bank’s shareholding, to which we are required to respond, on a regular basis. For instance, a complaint had been lodged against our Bank by Ms. P. Ambika with the Office of Registrar of Companies, Tamil Nadu on March 16, 2018, alleging that certain shares over which she claimed ownership were being illegally held in escrow. Subsequently, we filed a reply with the RoC on April 20, 2018, disputing such allegations. Similarly, a complaint dated April 25, 2018 had been lodged against our Bank by Thiru R. Nirmal Krishnan with the Central Bureau of Investigation, Bengaluru (“ **CBI** ”) and the RBI, alleging mismanagement of our bank with specific reference to the transfers of Equity Shares on May 13, 2007. Such complaints were forwarded to us by the CBI and RBI. We have replied to such complaints by way of our letters dated July 13, 2018. 

We cannot assure you that these matters will be resolved in a timely manner or at all and until such resolution we may be required to divert the attention of management, allocate resources, create provisions for adverse outcomes in these matters and at times be forced to operate with temporary or interim injunctions in connection with our Equity Shares all of which could interfere with our ability to conduct our business and operations in an efficient and effective manner. 

Any adverse outcomes in such matters could result in changes to our shareholding, require us to incur additional costs, alter our records, or require us to pay compensation or issue additional Equity Shares. We may also be required undertake actions which we have not accounted or be required to incur unexpected costs and we cannot assure you that our estimate of such costs and our preparedness to incur such costs will be sufficient. Any of which could have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operation. 

In addition, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there are 41 members of our Bank, whose allotment of 15,151,981 Equity Shares (constituting 10.63% of the paid-up Equity Share capital of the Bank), by way of a bonus issue of Equity Shares dated May 26, 2016 approved by our Shareholders and Board respectively on January 29, 2016 and May 26, 2016, in the ratio of 1:500, continues to be held in abeyance due to reasons including, among others death of the members, outstanding legal proceedings, discrepancies in transfer deed and non-registration of instrument of transfers by our Bank. We have also been unable to distribute dividends to the holders of such disputed shares and such dividends have also been kept in abeyance. These legal proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and statutory, regulatory and other judicial authorities in India. For details in relation to such legal proceedings, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving Equity Shares of our Bank_ ” on page 294. The outcome of the various legal proceedings may impact the business and operations of the Bank, public shareholders, post listing of the Bank. 

55.67 million Equity Shares or 39.07% of our paid-up Equity Share capital (which includes 37.73% of our paid-up equity share capital or 53.76 million Equity Shares that are subject to outstanding legal proceedings which are pending at various forums as detailed in the above paragraphs) is not available for trading on listing. Details of such Equity Shares are as follows: 

|**S. No.**|**Category/ Shareholder **|**No. of Equity Shares**|**Percentage (in%)**|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|Unacknowledged Equity Shares as per<br>the RBI’s Order dated March 31, 2011<sup>^</sup>|31,883,475|22.37|
|2.|Disputed Categories ^|15,151,981|10.63|
|3.|Equity Shares transferred to the Investor<br>Education and Protection Fund in<br>accordance with the provisions of the<br>Companies Act<sup>^</sup>|1,912,168|1.34|
|4.|M/s. StarshipEquityHoldings Limited<sup>#</sup>|6,727,500|4.72|
||**Total**|**55,675,124**|**39.07**|



_^ Includes both primary Equity Shares and bonus Equity Shares against such primary Equity Shares. In certain instances, where there were no regulatory restrictions or court orders, the Bank has credited the bonus Equity Shares to the respective folios of the shareholders. In cases where restrictions existed, bonus Equity Shares have been kept in abeyance in certain categories. # Includes bonus Equity Shares that have been deposited with the Prothonotary of the High Court of Bombay. The primary Equity Shares continue to be held in the name of Vector Program Private Limited and are included as a part of the ‘Unacknowledged Equity Shares as per the RBI’s Order’ category above. As the primary Equity Shares continue to be registered in the name of one shareholder and the bonus Equity Shares issued against such Equity Shares are registered in the name of another shareholder,_ 

22 

_the holding of Starship Equity Holdings Limited has been classified separately. For details, see “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving Equity Shares of our Bank” on page 294._ 

In the event the claimants to such Equity Shares kept in abeyance on account of ongoing legal proceedings initiate further action against our Bank, whether as part of existing proceedings or as fresh proceedings, or otherwise by way of complaints before regulators, we cannot assure you that we will be able to resolve such proceedings in our favour or in a timely manner. Post this Offer i.e. even post listing of our Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges as well, such claimants may choose to further initiate action against our Bank. In any such events, including any such events which after the Offer, we may be forced to incur additional costs or if they are successful in obtaining adverse orders against us, we may be compelled to comply, any of which could have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operation. More specifically, 55.67 million Equity Shares or 39.07% (which includes 37.73% of our paid-up equity share capital or 53.76 million Equity Shares that are subject to outstanding legal proceedings which are pending at various forums as detailed in the above paragraphs), as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, will not be available for trading on Stock Exchanges even when our Equity Shares are listed on the Stock Exchanges which may adversely affect the liquidity of our stock. 

## **2.** **_Our business, reputation and financial results could be impacted by adverse results in legal proceedings. We have also issued notices and initiated various recovery proceedings against defaulting borrowers under the SARFAESI Act and failure by such borrowers to repay the outstanding borrowings pursuant to such notices and proceedings may adversely affect our business. We are also susceptible to operational risks, including fraud, petty theft, negligence and embezzlement by our employees or our customers, which could harm our results of operations and financial position._** 

Legal proceedings involving our Bank and its directors, are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and appellate tribunals. We cannot assure you that these proceedings will be decided in our/ respective directors’ favour. Brief details of outstanding litigation that have been initiated by and against us and our directors are set forth below: 

|**Name of Entity**|**Criminal**<br>**Proceedings**|**Tax**<br>**Proceedings**|**Statutory**<br>**or**<br>**Regulatory**<br>**Proceedings**|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions by**<br>**the SEBI or**<br>**Stock**<br>**Exchanges**|**Material**<br>**Civil**<br>**Litigation**|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**<br>**involved (₹ in**<br>**million)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Bank**<sup>**#**</sup>|||||||
|Against<br>our<br>Bank|1|20|12|-|398|40,662.37*|
|By our Bank|317|-|-|-|5,207**|62,189.84**|
|**Directors**|||||||
|Against our<br>Directors|1|-|2|-|-|5.00|
|By our Directors|-|-|-|-|-|-|



_* Total amount involved to the tune of ₹ 10,373.97 million under show cause notice dated November 9, 2017 issued by the Directorate of Enforcement not included, since adjudication is not completed._ 

_** In certain instances we have initiated proceedings under SARFAESI, IBC and before DRT/civil courts against a single defaulting borrower. # The Bank is also involved in 32 legal proceedings involving Equity Shares of the Bank, the amount of which is not determinable. For details, see “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving Equity Shares of our Bank” on page 294._ 

The amounts claimed in these proceedings have been disclosed to the extent ascertainable. We have set aside provisions for legal claims, other than recovery related cases, aggregating to ₹ 11.63 million for Fiscal 2022 in the when payments associated with claims become probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. Further, we have set aside provisions amounting to ₹ 5.71 million, ₹ 50.12 million and ₹ 37.50 million for legal cases at various consumer fora, legal cases relating to fraud and claims/ cases by suspended staff. Pursuant to the order of the Directorate of Enforcement dated August 14, 2020, we have made a provision of ₹ 169.98 million in Fiscal 2021 in the Financial Statements, in the event we are required to pay the penalty imposed by the Directorate of Enforcement which has also been noted by our Joint Statutory Central Auditors as ‘emphasis of matter’ in the Restated Financial Statements. For details, see “ _Financial Statements – Annexure 21 – J Miscellaneous (ii)_ ” and “ _Financial Statements – Annexure 22 – Part B_ ” on pages 243 and 262, respectively. Our Bank currently has not made a provision in respect of the November 9, 2017 show cause notice in the financials of the Bank. We may still incur legal costs for a matter even if we have not established provisions or if our provisions are insufficient to cover such costs. In addition, the actual cost of resolving a legal claim may be substantially higher than 

23 

any amounts reserved for that matter. If any new developments arise, such as a change in Indian law or rulings against us by appellate courts or tribunals, we may need to make provisions in our financial statements that could increase our expenses and current liabilities. Any adverse decision in any of these proceedings may have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

For details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” beginning on page 294. 

In the past, legal proceedings have interfered in our ability to conduct Annual General Meetings. Specifically, Annual General Meetings of our Bank from 1997 onwards could not be conducted regularly, or were convened only under the supervision of the High Court of Madras, after obtaining prior approval of the High Court of Madras. For convening the pending Annual General Meetings for the year 2020 and 2021 our Bank had filed an application before the High Court of Madras. Pursuant to an order by the High Court of Madras in this regard, dated April 22, 2022, such writ petition was closed and our Bank was granted permission to conduct our pending AGMs, and we were able to conduct Annual General Meetings for Fiscal 2020, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2022 on June 9, 2022. 

Accordingly, we obtained the approval of our shareholders for, inter alia, the regularisation of the appointments of our directors, K.V. Rama Moorthy, Ezhil Jothi S, Balakrishnan Prabaharan and Chiranjeevi Raj C on June 9, 2022. We have also obtained the approval of our shareholders for amendments to our Articles of Association that had been approved by our Board and for adoption of our financial statements for Fiscal 2020, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2022. 

However, we cannot assure you that we will not be required to obtain the approval of the High Court of Madras to convene meetings of our shareholders in the future and accordingly, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain approval of our shareholders as needed in a timely manner. Accordingly, we may face delays in undertaking and completing such corporate actions and filings in a timely manner, which may also expose us to regulatory action and result in penal action being taken against us and the members of our Board. For instance, we were contesting a show cause notice before the High Court of Madras, which was issued to us in 2019 by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs for failure to conduct our Annual General Meetings for the year 2017. However, the order by the High Court of Madras dated April 22, 2022, closed the writ petition filed against such show cause notice. 

We cannot assure you that our future AGMs will not be impacted by any litigation or that the Ministry of Corporate Affairs will not choose to initiate other action against us in the future. Any adverse orders could result in our Bank being subjected to regulatory action including the imposition of penalties and we cannot assure you that our reputation, business, results of operations and financial conditions will not be adversely affected by this or other actions such as this. 

For details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving Equity Shares of our Bank_ ” on page 294, as well as “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation Involving our Bank – Actions by regulatory and statutory authorities_ ” on page 301. 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, 1,226 notices, have been issued by our Bank under the SARFAESI Act against defaulting borrowers, involving an aggregate amount, to the extent quantifiable, of ₹ 10,838.71 million. Our Bank has also initiated 3,732 recovery proceedings before Debt Recovery Tribunals and civil courts, involving an aggregate amount, to the extent quantifiable, of approximately ₹ 36,119.39 million. 

There can be no assurance that the defaulting borrowers would repay the outstanding borrowings pursuant to the notices, or that we would succeed in these suits. As on March 31, 2022, we have made provisions to the tune of ₹ 2,533.39 million in relation to these defaulting loans. For details, see “ _Financial Statements – Annexure 21 – E. Asset Quality_ ” on page 231. Any significant increase in writeoffs and/or provisions would materially and adversely impact our Bank’s financial performance. 

Out of the above pending civil suits, certain insolvency proceedings have been initiated against certain borrowers of our Bank, under the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code, 2016, as amended (“ **IBC** ”) before various National Company Law Tribunal (“ **NCLT** ”) benches. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, 29 insolvency proceedings have been initiated against defaulting borrowers, involving an aggregate amount, to the extent quantifiable, of ₹ 23,190.60 million. Our Bank has submitted its claims in respect of the corporate insolvency resolution processes initiated against our borrowers in our capacity 

24 

as financial creditors. Any adverse order in relation to these insolvency proceedings may adversely impact our Bank’s financial performance. For details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation Involving our Bank – Material civil litigation against our Bank – 4._ ” on page 300. 

Our employees at our branches are responsible for handling, collection and depositing of cash, thereby exposing us to the risks of loss, fraud, misappropriation, theft, assault, negligence and unauthorized transactions by our such parties. While we seek to prevent or mitigate such risks through internal control measures including, among others: (i) formulating operational guidelines for staff members for handling cash at counters; (ii) provision of gun to security guards at our branches (iii) provision of 24x7 CCTV coverage at various locations inside and outside branch premises; (iv) training given to all the staff members in handling cash operations along with the other areas at frequent intervals; and (v) blanket insurance policy which covers the risk of cash movement, cash stored at branches and handled by cashiers; etc., we may be unable to adequately prevent or deter such activities in all cases. In the past, we have experienced acts of fraud (as defined under the applicable RBI guidelines), theft, forgery and misappropriation committed by or involving merchants, customers and employees. 

Our Bank maintains a cash handling management system which includes certain checks and controls for management of such risks in the following manner: 

- The closing cash balance of the Bank is kept in a fire-proof safe room in the joint custody of the head cashier/cashier/cash officer; 

- The strong room door keys is kept under the joint custody of the cashier and cash officer; 

- Both the cashier and cash officer are personally present at the time of opening and closing of the strong room; 

- Prior to the cash being taken to joint custody, all currency notes are checked by the cash officer; 

- Both the cash brought from the cash counter as well as the subsequent receipts are kept under the cashier’s custody; 

- During operating hours, the required cash is released to cashiers under single custody and balance is kept in locked cash under joint custody. 

Further, in order to avoid the cashier facing cash shortages, various e-circulars dated July 20, 2017, December 27, 2017, August 27, 2018, July 16, 2019, October 10, 2020 and October 13, 2020 have been issued by the Bank containing relevant details such as ‘Dos and Do nots’. 

Further, please <mark>see below details of occurrence of fraud (cash shortage above</mark> ₹ <mark>10,000 due to clerical error) in the past three years:</mark> 

||||_(in ₹ million)_|
|---|---|---|---|
|**Fiscal**|**Instances of Frauds**|**Amount**||
|2020|8|0.20||
|2021|5|0.18||
|2022|2|0.08||



The Bank has initiated 309 criminal cases amounting to ₹ 10,094.32 million. Out of which, 69 FIRs have been registered aggregating to ₹ 4,067.07 million and we have written 240 letters to various police and regulatory authorities amounting to ₹ 6,027.26 million in relation to diversion of funds, improper end use of funds, embezzlement, falsification of records, fraud, etc. For details see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Criminal Litigation by our Bank_ ” beginning on page 302. 

Although, we have an Internal Advisory Committee, a dedicated team to identify and examine all complaints/staff accountability report/special audit report, there could be instances of fraud and misconduct by our employees which may go unnoticed for certain periods of time before corrective action is taken. In addition, we may be subject to regulatory or other proceedings in connection with any such unauthorized transaction, fraud or misappropriation, which could adversely affect our goodwill, business prospects, reputation and future financial performance. Even when we identify instances of fraud and other misconduct and pursue legal recourse or file claims with our insurance carriers, we cannot assure you that we will recover any amounts lost through such fraud or other misconduct. Further, there have been several instances relating to fraudulent card and ATM transactions, unauthorized UPI 

25 

transactions and counterfeit notes, robberies and discovery of spurious jewelry at our Bank’s branches. In addition, our dependence upon automated and digital systems to record and process online and faceto-face transactions may further increase the risk that technical system flaws or employee tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect. 

## **3.** **_We have received and may in the future receive multiple anonymous whistle blower complaints, which may adversely affect our reputation which could consequently adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operation._** 

We have received and may in the future receive multiple anonymous whistle blower complaints, which may adversely affect our reputation which could consequently adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operation. For instance, we received a complaint alleging that unauthorized loans had been sanctioned and disbursed by a former branch head of one of our branches. We have conducted a special audit and disciplinary action is in progress against branch manager. Further, during June 2021 an undated anonymous complaint was also received alleging that loans had been improperly sanctioned at one of our other branches, specifically that the processes to be followed for deposit of title deeds had not been undertaken. Our Bank has initiated enquiries in relation to this anonymous complaint and which is to be placed before an internal advisory committee for directions. 

We have a policy for addressing whistle blower complaints received. The policy lays down the procedure for reporting any event/information in relation to any unethical practices, and the process to be followed for handling such reports is also detailed. Further, the policy also provides for protection of whistle blowers’ identity. However, we face the risk of inadvertently dismissing allegations which may prove to be plausible, at a later date. 

In some instances, the RBI has written to our Bank to look into certain matters, for instance, matters relating to interference by non-executive directors in the Bank’s management and corruption involving the Bank’s employees. Our Bank has responded to the RBI in such cases. 

The final findings from the inquiries for these complaints, as well as from other anonymous letters and whistle blower complaints that we may receive may result in fines and/or corrective actions, and adversely impact our reputation, which could consequently adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

**4.** **_Our former director has filed a writ petition before the High Court of Madras seeking to prevent our Bank from undertaking the Offer, and we have received multiple complaints from former directors and shareholders of the Bank regarding disclosures in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus and invitations to participate in the offer for sale, any or all of which could harm us by impairing our ability to retain clients, subject us to significant legal liability, cause reputational harm or prevent us from proceeding with this Offer._** 

T. Rajakumar, our former director, alleging mismanagement in our Bank, and citing ongoing proceedings against our Bank by the Directorate of Enforcement and violations of banking regulations and the FEMA 1999, has filed a writ petition dated June 30, 2021 before the High Court of Madras, and sought directions to be issued to the SEBI to stop the initial public offer of our Bank until these proceedings are concluded. T. Rajakumar has also alleged inter alia that: (i) the persons who are allegedly in control of our Bank have not been disclosed as such in our Bank’s annual report; (ii) there was a spurt in our Bank’s business in Fiscal 2021; and (iii) there is no requirement for our Bank to undertake an initial public offering considering that it has sufficient capital adequacy. Our Bank has filed a counter affidavit dated August 6, 2021 before the High Court of Madras denying all allegations and seeking an injunction to restrain T. Rajakumar from interfering with the affairs of our Bank relating to the ongoing initial public offering and from writing to the authorities with false imputations. For details in relation to such legal proceedings, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving our Bank – Material Civil Litigation Against our Bank – 1._ ” on page 300. In the event that T. Rajakumar’s petition is successful, our Bank may not be able to undertake the Offer. 

In addition, Swiss Re Investors (Mauritius) Limited, FI Investments (Mauritius) Limited, Kamehameha (Mauritius) Limited, Cuna Group (Mauritius) Limited have filed a writ petition dated January 5, 2022 and Robert and Ardis James Company Limited and East River Holdings Limited have each filed a writ petition dated January 13, 2022 before the High Court of Bombay to direct the SEBI to accept the DRHP dated September 4, 2021 filed by our Bank only if they are also allowed to offer their Equity Shares for sale as part of the Offer, or alternatively to restrain SEBI from (i) accepting the DRHP filed by the Bank; 

26 

and (ii) issuing an acknowledgement card/ approval in respect of the Offer. For details in relation to such legal proceedings, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving Equity Shares of our Bank – 25._ ” on page 299. Recently, East River Holdings Limited, Robert and Ardis James Company Limited, Swiss Re Investors (Mauritius) Limited, Kamehameha Mauritius Limited, Cuna Group (Mauritius) Limited and FI Investments Limited (collectively, the “ **Foreign Entities** ”), have filed appeals dated August 18, 2022 before the Securities Appellate Tribunal against the Bank and SEBI challenging the letter from SEBI dated May 12, 2022 granting exemption to our Bank under Regulation 300(1)(c) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations from refiling the offer document pursuant to the withdrawal of the offer for sale. The matter has been listed for hearing on September 6, 2022. For details in relation to such legal proceedings, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving Equity Shares of our Bank – 26._ ” on page 299. Adverse orders, if any, passed by the Securities Appellate Tribunal at such or any subsequent hearing, may affect our ability to proceed with the Offer. 

Further, post filing of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Bank received multiple complaints from various third parties, such as Simhapuri Expressway Limited, our former directors, T Rajakumar and S. Swaminathan, and certain current and former shareholders such as M. Sundararaj, M. Mathavan, M. Jikki, the Foreign Entities, Subcontinental Equities Limited and others, in relation to the disclosures made in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus (“ **Complaints** ”). The Complaints included various allegations including: (i) the non-issuance of share certificates to certain shareholders, (ii) allegations in relation to the independence criteria of certain of our directors, (iii) that our Bank had allegedly not adequately disclosed the list of shareholders of the Bank and details of certain litigation proceedings, and (iv) that our Bank had allegedly failed to issue letters inviting the Foreign Entities to participate in the offer for sale at the time of the filing of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus. The Complaints were also addressed to SEBI and at times, the BRLMs as well. Although all letters received in relation to the Complaints have been responded to, certain Complainants have filed cases against our Bank in relation to these matters before appropriate courts and we cannot guarantee that in the future, the former directors, Foreign Entities and/ or other shareholders will not continue to oppose this Offer or otherwise raise grievances or cause disruptions with our business and/or operations. 

## **5.** **_We have regional concentration in southern India, especially Tamil Nadu. Any adverse change in the economic, political, or geographical conditions of Tamil Nadu and other states in which we operate can impact our results of operations._** 

As of March 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 our deposits and advances in the state of Tamil Nadu contributed to 75.93%, 76.33% and 75.06% of our Total Business. As of March 31, 2022, we had 4.32 million customers in the State of Tamil Nadu comprising 85.03% of our overall customer base. While we have a presence in the states of Gujarat, Maharashtra, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh, we have an especially strong regional concentration in southern India, and in particular, in Tamil Nadu. 

Our concentration in the southern India, and specifically in Tamil Nadu, exposes us to many adverse economic or political circumstances in the region as compared to other public and private sector banks that have a more diversified national presence. Any change in regulatory framework, political unrest, disruption, disturbance, or sustained downturn in the economy of Tamil Nadu and other states in southern India could adversely affect the ability or our borrowers to repay loans or the ability our customers to deposit funds or avail of our services, and may impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Instances of floods or other natural calamities in India, particularly in Tamil Nadu, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Such events may result in a temporary decline in the number of our customers or in our employees’ ability to perform their duties 

## **6.** **_Our Bank is subject to stringent regulatory requirements and prudential norms and our inability to comply with such laws, regulations and norms may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Banks in India, including our Bank, are subject to compliance with various circulars, guidelines and regulations prescribed by the RBI and the Banking Regulation Act. In particular, we are required to comply with prudential norms on income recognition, asset classification and provisioning pertaining to advances, prudential norms for classification, valuation and operation of investment portfolio by banks, regulations governing the opening of new branches, limits for shareholding, digital payment security controls directions and interest rate on deposits directions. For further details on the regulatory requirements, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 138. 

27 

The RBI may also impose additional conditions or impose penalties on us, and may terminate our banking license, if there is a material breach in compliance with applicable requirements. 

In addition, we are also subject to periodic inspections by the RBI under the Banking Regulation Act and the RBI Act, pursuant to which the RBI issues observations, directions and monitorable action plans, on issues related to various operational risks and regulatory non-compliances. For details, see “ _Risk Factors – We are subject to supervision and inspection by authorities such as the RBI. Any adverse observations from RBI or non-compliance with RBI inspection/ observations or other regulatory requirements could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows_ ” on page 29. 

We are also required to comply with the Companies Act, 2013 along with rules and regulations made thereunder. The Ministry of Corporate Affairs (“ **MCA** ”), may from time to time, call for information and issue directions, as required. For instance, our Bank received an email dated May 23, 2018 from the MCA calling for information under Section 206 of the Companies Act, 2013 regarding compliance of Corporate Social Responsibility (“ **CSR** ”) for the Fiscal 2015-16. We provided the required information and documents for examination of compliance by way of reply dated July 2, 2018. Subsequently, in its reply email dated February 15, 2019, MCA directed us to either utilize the unspent CSR amount by contributing to specified Central Government funds or provide a concrete plan for utilization of unspent CSR amount. In reply to this email on March 2, 2019, we provided details of correct calculation of CSR and informed the MCA that our Board had approved the transfer of unspent CSR amounts for the Fiscal 2015-16 to the TMB Foundation. Further, there have been certain instances in the past wherein certain filings, such as Form DIR-12 have not been filed within the due date with the MCA. Further, we had received show cause notices dated November 4, 2019 and November 28, 2019 from the MCA in reference to non-compliance with Sections 204 and 96(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 regarding submission of secretarial audit report and convening of Annual General Meeting (“ **AGM** ”), respectively. We replied to the show cause notice dated November 4, 2019 detailing the manner in which the secretarial audit report had been submitted through our letter dated November 14, 2019. Subsequently, in relation to the non-compliance with Section 96(1) we replied to the show cause notices through letters dated November 30, 2019 and December 7, 2019, detailing the reasons for such non-compliance, including, pendency of dispute relating to previous AGMs before the Madras High Court pursuant to which we had filed a writ petition dated December 5, 2019 before the High Court of Madras. The High Court of Madras through its order dated April 22, 2022 granted permission to conduct the annual general meetings and closed the above writ petition, pursuant to which pending annual general meetings for Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022 were conducted on June 9, 2022. 

Separately, during Fiscal 2002, the SEBI had issued a warning to our Bank, which had acted in the capacity as a banker to an issue, for irregularities relating to the acceptance of applications in the public offering of Rajesh Exports Limited. The Bank has received no further correspondence from SEBI in relation to the warning letter. 

Our Bank had previously sought RBI approval for appointment of Balakrishnan Prabaharan (one of the independent Directors of the Bank) as part-time chairman of the Bank. Since the RBI by its letter dated November 17, 2021 declined to provide such approval, the Board of Directors of the Bank does not presently have a chairman. Further, the Bank has appointed Vijayadurai B. as the part-time chairman of the Bank by its resolution dated August 18, 2022, and has also submitted an application with the RBI dated August 20, 2022 seeking approval for such appointment. As the Board of Directors of the Bank currently comprises of six independent directors and seven non-independent directors (including two RBI nominee directors), in the event we do not receive approval of the appointment of the chairman from the RBI, the composition of our Board would no longer be in compliance with the corporate governance norms prescribed under the Listing Regulations and the Companies Act, 2013 which may have a material impact on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operation. 

In addition to the above, a private sector bank, as an entity operating in the banking sector in India, is required to comply with applicable banking and securities laws in India, including, amongst others, the master circulars and master directions issued by the RBI, from time to time, the SCRA and the Indian Contract Act, 1872. A private sector bank is also required to comply with the provisions of the Companies Act, FEMA, labour laws, and various state specific shops and establishment legislations, various tax related legislations and other applicable regulations, notifications, circulars and guidelines, and other applicable statutes and policies along with the rules formulated thereunder for its day-to-day operations. In case of any failure to comply with the applicable directives and reporting requirements or to meet the 

28 

prescribed prudential norms, the RBI may charge penalties, penalize our management, restrict our banking activities or otherwise enforce increased scrutiny and control over our banking operations, including by way of withholding approvals, or issuing conditional approvals in respect of any proposed actions for which we may seek approval in the future, or even cancel our banking license. 

## **7.** **_Our contingent liabilities exceed our net worth, which, if they materialize, may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

As of March 31, 2022, our contingent liabilities, as provided for in our Restated Financial Statements, are as follows: 

||||_(in ₹ million)_|
|---|---|---|---|
|**S. No.**|**Particulars**|**As at March,**<br>**2022**||
|1.|Claims not acknowledged as debts<sup>(1)</sup>|1,353.21||
|2.|Liability on account of outstanding forward<br>exchange<sup>(2)</sup>contracts|66,433.61||
|3.|Guarantee given on behalf of constituents in India<sup>(3)</sup>|11,392.25||
|4.|Acceptances, endorsements and otherobligations<sup>(4)</sup>|7,686.93||
|5.|Estimated amount of contracts remaining to be<br>executed on capital account not provided for and<br>liable under DEAF<sup>(5)</sup>|1,110.96||
|6.|**Total**|87,976.96||



_(1) Includes claims made by the constituents of the Bank, such as customers, depositors, etc. against the Bank in civil court and tax demands raised against the Bank for which appeal has been made by the Bank._ 

_(2) Includes forward contract entered into between the Bank and its customers and swap in INR and foreign currency transactions between our Bank and other banks._ 

_(3) Includes guarantees given by the Bank on behalf of its clients._ 

_(4) Includes transactions by the Bank on behalf of its customers including acceptances, endorsements and other obligations undertaken._ 

_(5) This head is a contra entry for transfer of unclaimed deposit amounts to the Depositor Education and Awareness Fund (DEAF)._ 

Our contingent liabilities exceed our net worth, which, if they materialize, may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. For details on the system for cash handling management and the checks and controls in place, see “ _Risk Factors – Our business, reputation and financial results could be impacted by adverse results in legal proceedings. We have also issued notices and initiated various recovery proceedings against defaulting borrowers under the SARFAESI Act and failure by such borrowers to repay the outstanding borrowings pursuant to such notices and proceedings may adversely affect our business. We are also susceptible to operational risks, including fraud, petty theft, negligence and embezzlement by our employees or our customers, which could harm our results of operations and financial position_ ” on page 23. 

For details on the contingent liabilities of our Bank as reported in the Restated Financial Statements, see “ _Financial Statements – Annexure 16 – Restated Statement of Contingent Liabilities_ ” on page 223. 

## **8.** **_We are subject to supervision and inspection by authorities such as the RBI. Any adverse observations from RBI or non-compliance with RBI inspection/ observations or other regulatory requirements could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows._** 

We are subject to regulation and supervision by the RBI. We are subject to certain legal and regulatory risks which are inherent and substantial in our business. As we operate under several regulators, we are subject to actions that may be taken by such regulators in the event of any non-compliance with any applicable policies, guidelines, circulars, notifications, and regulations issued by the relevant regulators. Accordingly, we are required to comply with the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, RBI guidelines and directions, Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and other regulations in India. 

The RBI as a part of its supervisory processes, conducts periodic inspections under the Banking Regulation Act, pursuant to which the RBI issues observations, directions and monitorable action plans, on issues related to, amongst other things, our operations, risk management systems, internal controls and regulatory compliance and monitoring systems. During the course of finalizing the inspection reports, the RBI inspection team shares its findings and recommendations with us and provides us an opportunity to provide clarifications, additional information and, where necessary, justification for a different position, if any, than that observed by the RBI. The RBI incorporates such findings in its final 

29 

inspection report and, upon final determination by the RBI of the inspection results, we are required to take actions specified therein by the RBI to its satisfaction. 

For instance, following the RBI’s on site and inspection for supervisory evaluation carried out between September 16, 2019 to October 18, 2019, RBI by its letters dated November 25, 2019 issued a risk assessment report and a letter dated January 13, 2020 highlighting, _inter alia:_ (i) certain issues with our governance and oversight, including failure to hold AGMs, failure to hold election of directors, lack of transparency, opaque disclosures to regulators and involvement of senior management in irregularities; (ii) risks related to our business and operations, including increasing levels of stressed accounts, nonperforming assets, high slippage ratio and lack of comprehensive analysis at the time of sanction, review and renewal of accounts; (iii) concerns relating to internal controls including in system driven NPA identification, repeated short reviews and sanctioning of overdrafts on the basis of old stock statements; (iv) concerns relating to compliance including on account of conflicts of interest within our Bank and delays in reporting of frauds; (v) operational risks including increase in external frauds, KYC deficiencies, pending risk categorization in accounts, delay and lack of coordination in board level committees as regards classification of non-cooperative / wilful defaulters; and (vi) information technology, cyber security and strategic planning. The RBI accordingly provided a risk mitigation plan for the year 2019 containing action points for us to follow and the timelines to be adhered for compliance. This included _inter alia_ requiring the Bank to take effective steps to hold Annual General Meetings, vetting of EWS alert mechanism by the risk management and compliance department to serve as early warnings, strengthening of internal audit function to ensure periodic coverage of central office department under management, audit and risk based internal audit, and review of the fraud occurrence, detection and reporting mechanism to ensure prompt reporting of frauds. Due to the on-going COVID19 pandemic, the RBI has not yet conducted its annual inspections for the year 2020. While the RBI inspection is yet to be undertaken for Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2022, the RBI commenced its inspection for Fiscal 2022 on August 22, 2022 and the inspection is currently ongoing. 

Please see below the details of RBI observations vis-à-vis the compliances undertaken by the Bank: 

|**Date of Notice/ Observation/**<br>**Order by RBI**|**Particulars / Details (in Brief)**|**Compliance undertaken by the Bank**|
|---|---|---|
|Risk Assessment Report dated|The system of monitoring collateral|The Bank has automated the system of|
|March 31, 2016,|was not automated. The bank did not<br>have a system of valuing the<br>collaterals at the time of slippage of<br>accounts into NPA. There was no<br>system of reporting and analysing the<br>difference in the realized value of the<br>collateral vis-à-vis the last valuation|monitoring collaterals. Further, in order<br>to comply with the observation of RBI,<br>the difference in the realized value of the<br>collateral vis-à-vis the last valuation for<br>the period ended March 31, 2017, March<br>31, 2018, March 31, 2019 and March 31,<br>2020 was reported to the Bank’s Board<br>on May 17, 2017, August 16, 2018, July<br>11,<br>2019<br>and<br>June<br>17,<br>2020,<br>respectively.|



During a statutory inspection for supervisory evaluation conducted by RBI with reference to our financial position as on March 31, 2017, RBI has made certain observations pursuant to the RBI Master Directions on Classification and Reporting by commercial banks and select FIs and Sections 35, 46 and 47A of the Banking Regulation Act. We received a show cause notice dated April 22, 2019 regarding violations observed, including: (i) divergence in asset classification; (ii) delay was observed in reporting of frauds in several cases; (iii) issuance of multiple customer IDs to customers having same PAN number and deficiencies in Know Your Customer (“ **KYC** ”) compliance; and (iv) failure to conduct periodical review of risk categorization in a large number of accounts. Subsequently, while a lenient view was taken with respect to other violations, the RBI imposed a penalty of ₹ 3.50 million by an order dated October 24, 2019 for delay in reporting of frauds. 

Further, pursuant to review by the RBI of our Annual Report for Fiscal 2018, we received a letter from RBI dated November 13, 2018 directing our Bank to make full provision on the unabsorbed mark-tomarket (“ **MTM** ”) losses for the quarters ended December 31, 2017 and March 31, 2018. Our Bank had, pursuant to the RBI Circulars dated April 2, 2018 and dated June 15, 2018 (“ **MTM Circulars** ”), availed relaxations in relation to staggering of provisioning on MTM losses. Subsequently, our Bank responded to the RBI by way of its letter dated November 20, 2018 clarifying that our Bank had, pursuant to the MTM Circulars availed relaxations in relation to staggering of provisioning on MTM losses. Our Bank 

30 

also received a show cause notice on May 10, 2021 from RBI for failure to comply with KYC norms which our Bank addressed by updating its AML Software “AMLock”. 

Our Bank has a system of filling positions such as Chief Risk Officer, Chief Digital Officer, Chief Financial Officer, General Manager (IT Department), Chief Technology Officer, by appointing executives on contract basis. Further, while our Bank grooms such personnel internally to occupy these positions in the future, we fill positions in AGMs/ DGMs cadres by lateral recruitment. At present, we are grooming certain executives and also impart special training to them through reputed external institutions in order to hone their skills. In furtherance to our succession planning at all levels, we have also framed a talent pool system since 2018 to identify young talents for grooming them to take on higher responsibilities. Our focus has been to impart grooming, placement, engagement and growth to all talent pool members. The idea behind forming this talent pool was to identify the talents of the officers and nurture them, which will benefit our Bank and its employees in the long run. 

Our Bank, has during the year under review, expedited the examination process of all pending staff accountability cases. We have conducted a large scale, thorough and focused exercise, which has resulted in the increase in the number of charge sheets issued. 

The frauds reported during Fiscal 2022 amount to ₹ 2,091.76 million. Our Bank has taken the following steps to prevent the recurrence of such frauds and mitigate the impact of such frauds: 

- (i) The disciplinary and fraud monitoring cell of our Bank, along with other departments like inspection, credit, credit audit and monitoring, etc. continuously review various systems and controls to remove gaps, if any, and strengthen the internal control framework of the Bank. 

- (ii) With regard to issuance of cheque books / debit and credit cards / ATM cards / pin mailers / internet passwords etc., detailed systems and procedures are in place. Apart from these, the service of SMS alerts for transactions in the accounts is also provided by the Bank. 

- (iii) We have issued various internal circulars to create awareness amongst staff members that set out, among other things, lapses noticed, steps to be taken to prevent and mitigate the effect of such lapses in the future and to help better detect such frauds. 

We are required to comply with certain regulatory guidelines issued by the RBI from time to time. Any non-compliance with regulatory guidelines and directions may result in substantial penalties and reputational impact, which may affect the price of our Equity Shares. For instance, on February 25, 2019, the RBI imposed a penalty of ₹ 10.00 million on our Bank for non-adherence to timeline specified for implementation and strengthening of SWIFT related operational controls. Further, RBI by an order dated June 19, 2018, had imposed a penalty of ₹ 60.00 million on our Bank, in relation to violation of RBI guidelines on issuance of bonus Equity Shares. Our Bank paid the above penalties on March 13, 2019 and June 26, 2018 respectively. 

The RBI, under the Supervisory Program for Assessment of Risk and Capital (“ **SPARC** ”), prepared a Risk Assessment Report (“ **RAR 2016** ”) dated March 31, 2016 of our Bank for Fiscal 2016 observing that our Bank did not have a system of reporting and analyzing the difference in the realized value of the collateral vis-à-vis the last evaluation. In compliance with this observation, details in relation to auction sale of properties was submitted to the Board on May 14, 2020. 

Further, the RBI imposed an aggregate penalty of ₹ 0.26 million on the Bank for Fiscal 2022 for nonreplenishment of ATMs. 

We may be subject to inspections from RBI in the future. Non-compliance with the observations of relevant regulators, institution of similar proceedings against out Bank and penalties being imposed by the RBI on our Bank could materially adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any significant deficiencies identified by the RBI that we are unable to rectify to the RBI’s satisfaction could lead to penalties imposed by the RBI against us and our management, as well as expose us to increased risks. While we have responded to such observations, directions and monitorable action plans in the past, we cannot assure you that RBI will not make similar or other observations in the future 

31 

- **8A.** **_The COVID-19 pandemic has had and may continue to have certain adverse effects on our business, operations, cash flows and financial condition and the continuing impacts of COVID-19 are unpredictable and cannot be predicted. The Joint Statutory Central Auditors have also noted the impact of COVID-19 pandemic as ‘emphasis of matter’ in the Restated Financial Statements._** 

The global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has been rapidly evolving and public health officials and governmental authorities have responded by taking measures, including in India where our operations are based, such as prohibiting people from assembling in large numbers, instituting quarantines, restricting travel, issuing “stay-at-home” orders and restricting the types of businesses that may continue to operate, among many others. On March 14, 2020, India declared COVID-19 as a “notified disaster” for the purposes of the Disaster Management Act, 2005 and imposed a nationwide lockdown beginning in March 2020. The initial lockdown lasted until the end of May 2020, and was extended periodically by varying degrees by state governments and local administrations. The lifting of the lockdown across various regions has been regulated with limited and progressive relaxations being granted for movement of goods and people, and calibrated re-opening of businesses and offices, in certain places. Recently, throughout March and April 2021, due to an increase in the number of daily COVID-19 cases, several state governments in India re-imposed lockdowns, curfews and other restrictions to curb the spread of the virus. As a result of the detection of new strains and subsequent waves of COVID-19 infections in several states in India as well as throughout various parts of the world, we may be subject to further reinstatements of lockdown protocols or other restrictions, which may adversely affect our business operations. 

In an effort to contain the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the financial services sector and provide some relief to borrowers, the RBI released guidelines relating to the COVID-19 regulatory package on March 27, 2020, April 17, 2020 and May 23, 2020. This included a three-month moratorium on the payment of all principal amounts and interest falling due between March 1, 2020 and May 31, 2020. The RBI subsequently extended the moratorium on loan instalments by another three months, from June 1, 2020 to August 31, 2020. We offered moratorium on the payment of all instalments and/or interest, as applicable, falling due between March 1, 2020 and August 31, 2020 to all eligible borrowers. Moratoriums were availed by a total of 88,836 borrowers against loans amounting to ₹ 159,745.50 million in respect of which we made two separate provisions of ₹ 70.10 million for our quarters ending March 31, 2020 and June 30, 2020. In addition, in May 2020 our Bank offered an ‘Emergency Line of Credit’ under which it sanctioned 18,474 working capital term loans aggregating to ₹ 23,216.36 million up to March 31, 2022 and as on March 31, 2022, an amount of ₹ 17,246.47 million is outstanding under this scheme. On April 7, 2021, the RBI issued further instructions to the banks to refund or adjust interest on interest for all borrowers during the moratorium period, in effect cancelling any charge of compound interest during the moratorium period. Accordingly, we refunded the interest for 75,041 borrowers against outstanding interest of ₹ 122.40 million. Further, the Joint Statutory Central Auditors have noted uncertainties due to the outbreak of COVID-19 as ‘emphasis of matter’ in the Restated Financial Statements. 

The IBC was also amended effective June 5, 2020 to impose an embargo on initiation of corporate insolvency resolution proceedings for defaults arising on or after March 25, 2020 for a period of six months, which was initially extended until December 24, 2020 and thereafter until March 24, 2021. The Amendments to the IBC also restricted resolution professional from filing applications before the NCLT in relation to fraudulent or wrongful trading in respect of such defaults against which the initiation of corporate insolvency resolution process was suspended on account of the above embargo during such period. On August 6, 2020, the RBI permitted lenders to implement a resolution plan, with asset classification benefits, for eligible corporate and individual borrower segments impacted by COVID-19. Through a circular dated August 6, 2020, the RBI permitted the restructuring of loans for micro, small and medium enterprises (“ **MSMEs** ”) while continuing to classify such assets as standard. On May 5, 2021 following the second wave, the RBI permitted lending institutions to offer a limited window to individual borrowers and small businesses to implement resolution plans in respect of their credit exposures while classifying such credit exposures as ‘standard’ upon implementation of the resolution plan. Restructuring under such framework may be invoked up to September 30, 2021 and implemented within 90 days thereafter. As of March 31, 2022, we had restructured advances to 2,987 borrowers for whom the outstanding amount was ₹ 6,757.63 million, of which 435 borrowers with outstanding amounts of ₹ 1,296.70 million were MSMEs. Our provisions for such restructuring as of March 31, 2022 was a total of ₹ 766.63 million, of which ₹ 159.83 million was in respect of MSMEs. On September 3, 2020, the Supreme Court of India ordered a standstill on NPA recognition due to a number of pleas filed before it regarding issues relating to the extension of the loan moratorium and interest charges. On March 23, 

32 

2021, in response to various writ petitions filed by corporate bodies, business associations and individuals, the Supreme Court of India issued a judgment rejecting pleas for, among other things, the extension of the moratorium and the ordering of a complete interest waiver. The Supreme Court of India also lifted the temporary freeze on NPA classification by banks and financial institutions. Pursuant to the order passed by the Supreme Court on September 3, 2020, our Bank was unable to classify ₹ 10,158.52 million as NPA. Subsequently, pursuant to the order of the Supreme Court dated March 23, 2021, our Bank classified ₹ 5,458.81 million as NPA. Further, with regard to the remaining accounts amounting to ₹ 4,699.71 million, we have recovered the dues and maintained them as standard accounts. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has affected and may continue to affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in a number of ways, including, among others, the following: 

- it may lead to closure of our branches for unpredictable periods of time or require us to operate with limited personnel, all of which would restrict our ability to engage with existing and new customers to market our product and services offerings, carry out KYC and other customer due diligence processes, process loan applications and disbursements and collect loan repayments. Although, banks were declared essential services, some of our branches were temporarily closed during the initial wave of the COVID-19 pandemic, while others operated with reduced working hours and a limited workforce during this time as per instructions received from local authorities; 

- it may lead to an overall deterioration in the economy with decreased business activity which could adversely affect our business as a whole, and in particular our revenue from fee based services; 

- it may lead to a reduction in the value of collateral provided for our Bank’s loans, leading to higher than anticipated losses on default; 

- it may result in a decline in disbursements on account of our target customers’ (amongst others, daily wage earners, self-employed individuals and street vendors) operations being disrupted; 

- there could be potential increase in our NPA levels due to possible deterioration in the credit quality of our customers; 

- there could be uncertainty regarding the conditions that must be satisfied before government authorities completely lift “stay-at-home” orders and further imposition of such orders; 

- the potential negative impact on the health and safety of our personnel, particularly because a number of them were and could in future be afflicted by COVID-19, could result in a deterioration in our ability to ensure business continuity during this disruption; and 

- we may face increased risks emanating from an increase in number of individuals working from home such as issues relating to productivity, connectivity and oversight challenges. 

The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business and results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, such as new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus, the actions taken globally to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact and vaccine distribution and effectiveness rates, among others. Further, the effect on our business, operations and financial performance may be difficult to predict and may vary significantly from that estimated by our management from time to time, and any action to contain or mitigate such effect, whether government-mandated or opted by us may not have the anticipated impact or may fail to achieve its intended purpose altogether. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection for all costs that may arise from all such possible events. 

As India is a developing country with limited medical resources and certain places with dense populations, the effects of COVID-19 in India are of a greater magnitude, scope and duration than those experienced to date in other countries. To the extent that the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. Any intensification of the COVID-19 pandemic or any future outbreak of another highly infectious or contagious disease may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

33 

**9.** **_Prospective Investors will not, without prior RBI approval, be able to acquire Equity Shares if such acquisition would result in an individual or group holding 5.00% or more of our share capital or voting rights; you may not be able to exercise voting rights in excess of 26.00% of the total voting rights of our Bank._** 

The Banking Regulation Act, and RBI (Prior approval for acquisition of shares or voting rights in private sector banks) Directions, 2015, requires that a person must obtain prior approval of the RBI, before acquiring or agreeing to acquire shares or voting rights of a bank, either directly or indirectly, beneficial or otherwise, by himself or acting in concert with other persons, wherein such acquisition (taken together with shares or voting rights held by him or his relative or associate enterprise or persons acting in concert with him) results in the aggregate shareholding of such persons to be 5.00% or more of the paid-up share capital of a bank or entitles him to exercise 5.00% or more of the voting rights in a bank. An approval may be granted by the RBI if it is satisfied that the applicant meets the fit and proper criteria laid down by the RBI. The RBI may require the proposed acquirer to seek further RBI approval for subsequent acquisitions in accordance with the provisions of applicable law. Further, the RBI may restrict any person holding more than 5.00% of our total voting rights from exercising voting rights in excess of 5.00%, if such person is deemed to be not fit and proper by the RBI. We have, in the past, been subject to regulatory action on account of a failure to comply with such requirement. 

For instance, the current combined shareholding of Shri Kannan Adityan Group and Shri Balasubramanian Adityan Group in our Bank is 0.1132%. Certain bonus shares are yet to be issued to these shareholders, since their shareholding is disputed. Our Bank has filed a petition before the High Court of Madras seeking a clarification in this regard. Upon the allotment of the disputed bonus shares, such groups may be categorized as a “major shareholder” of our Bank. The RBI, by way of its letter dated April 8, 2020 has advised us that since the individual and combined shareholding of the groups in our Bank is currently less than 5.00% of the paid-up share capital, it does not cross the threshold for them to be treated as “major shareholder”. For details in relation to risks involving Equity Shares which are under dispute pursuant to outstanding legal proceedings, see “– _37.73% of our paid up equity share capital or 53.76 million Equity Shares are subject to outstanding legal proceedings which are pending at various forums and, in connection with which, proceedings against our Bank have been initiated by various regulatory authorities, including the RBI, the Directorate of Enforcement, some of whom have imposed and sought to impose penalties on us in the past. We cannot assure you that these matters will be resolved in a timely manner or at all and any adverse developments in such proceedings could result in the imposition of injunctions or penalties or require us to incur significant costs to contest any of which could have a material impact on our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operation_ ” on page 20. Our Bank has historically approached the RBI for clarification on voting rights, and may have to do so in the future. 

Further, as per the Banking Regulation Act, no shareholder in a bank can exercise voting rights on poll in excess of 26.00% of the total voting rights of all the shareholders of our Bank. For details, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 138. 

**10.** **_We have had negative cash flows in the past and may continue to have negative cash flows in the future._** 

We have in the last three Fiscals had, and may in the future, have negative cash flows. The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated: 

||||_(₹ in million)_|
|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**Fiscal 2022**|**Fiscal 2021**|**Fiscal 2020**|
|Net cash used in operating activities|13,250.12|(6,703.63)|5,673.51|
|Net cash used in investing activities|(1,068.28)|(371.11)|(201.79)|
|Net cash generated from financing activities|(712.56)|(3,240.00)|2,690.22|



Negative cash flows over extended periods, or significant negative cash flows in the short term, may materially impact our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. As a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. For further details, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on pages 200 and 265, respectively. 

- **10A.** **_We are required to maintain CRR and SLR and capital adequacy ratios and any increase in these requirements could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of_** 

34 

## **_operations._** 

As a result of the statutory reserve requirements stipulated by the RBI, we may be more exposed structurally to interest rate risk than banks in other countries. Under the Reserve Bank of India (Cash Reserve Ratio (CRR) and Statutory Liquidity Reserve Ratio (SLR)) Directions, 2021 dated July 20, 2021 and the notifications issued by the RBI, we are subject to a CRR requirement under which we are currently required to keep 4.50% of our net demand and time liabilities in current account with the RBI. We do not earn interest on cash reserves maintained with the RBI. The RBI may further increase the CRR requirement as a monetary policy measure and has done so on numerous occasions in the past. Increases in the CRR requirement could materially and adversely affect our business, net interest income, results of operations, and financial condition. 

In addition, under the RBI’s regulations, our liabilities are subject to a SLR requirement, according to which 18.00% of our net demand and time liabilities need to be invested in government securities, treasury bills and other securities approved by the RBI from time to time. When the interest rate rises, the value of these fixed coupon securities depreciates. 

We cannot assure you that investment in such securities will provide returns better than other market instruments or whether we will be able to maintain the CRR and the SLR in future. Further, any increase in the CRR and the SLR requirements would reduce the amount of funds available for lending, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

In case the CRR falls below the minimum prescribed regulatory requirements in future, we may be constrained in further expanding our business. The RBI or any other relevant authority may implement a package of reforms, including the terms which capital securities are required to have, in a manner that is different from what is currently envisaged, or may impose more onerous requirements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with such requirements or that any breach of applicable laws and regulations will not adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, and result of operations. 

The RBI has issued guidelines based on the Basel III reforms on capital regulation on May 2, 2012, to the extent applicable to banks operating in India. The Basel III capital regulation was implemented from April 1, 2013 in India in a phased manner and was scheduled to be fully implemented by April 1, 2021 which had been deferred until October 1, 2021. In accordance with the master circular on “Basel III Capital Regulations” dated April 1, 2022, which consolidates all circulars and clarifications issued in relation to Basel III capital regulations till date, the Basel III capital regulations have been fully implemented as on October 1, 2021. Accordingly, minimum capital conservation ratios as applicable from March 31, 2018 (1.875%) continues to apply until the CCB attains the level of 2.50%. As of March 31, 2021, banks are required to maintain a common equity Tier-I adequacy ratio of 5.50%, minimum Tier-I capital ratio of 7.00%, minimum total capital ratio of 9.00%. In addition, banks are required to maintain a capital conservation buffer (“ **CCB** ”) of 2.5%. As of March 31, 2022 we have maintained a CRAR of 22.06 %, which includes the minimum requirement of 2.5% CCB as prescribed by the RBI. Please refer “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Capital Adequacy_ ” on page 287. If we fail to meet capital adequacy requirements, as may be prescribed by RBI from time to time, RBI may take certain actions, including restricting our lending and investment activities, further balance sheet growth, and the payment of dividends by us. These actions could also materially and adversely affect our reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 

## **11.** **_We will be unable to open new branches unless we are listed and are also required to obtain prior permission from the RBI to open new branches._** 

At our Bank’s annual general meeting held on January 29, 2016, our shareholders approved an increase in our Bank’s authorised share capital to ₹ 5,000 million. However, our subscribed capital was not increased to at least one-half of our authorized capital and consequently, we failed to comply with Section 12(1)(i). Further, the maximum time period of two years allowed by the RBI for complying with such requirement had also expired on January 29, 2018. Pursuant to a letter dated June 11, 2019, RBI imposed certain restrictions on us on the ground of non-compliance with Section 12(1)(i) of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949. Subsequently, our Bank’s authorised share capital was reduced to ₹ 2,800 million in the Annual General Meeting held on October 28, 2020. 

The restrictions pursuant to the letter dated June 11, 2019 which were imposed on us include (a) withdrawal of the general permission to open new branches by our Bank branches, without prior 

35 

approvals of RBI, (b) freezing of the remuneration of the MD & CEO of our Bank, (c) restriction on entering into any new lines of business which are listed under Section 6(1) of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 and (d) restriction on declaration and distribution of dividends. Our Bank had by way of its letter dated March 15, 2021 requested the RBI to lift the restrictions imposed on us. Through letter dated March 25, 2021, while RBI acceded to our requests relating to (b), (c) and (d) above, subject to the condition that our Bank shall list its Equity Shares on Stock Exchange(s) by December 31, 2021. However, the restriction on opening new branches was not revoked and it was stated that RBI will review such restriction upon completion of listing of our Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Further, by our letter dated December 16, 2021 to the RBI, we have sought for an extension of the timeline for listing of Equity Shares. We are yet to receive a reply from the RBI in this regard. 

In the event, we are not able to meet listing timeline set out above, RBI may take regulatory and supervisory action which may include penalties, restricting our activities or otherwise enforcing increased scrutiny and control over our operations, including by way of withholding approvals, or issuing conditional approvals for the Bank. We cannot provide any assurance that any extension can be obtained from RBI in relation such listing timeline. 

There can be no assurance that this restriction will be lifted upon listing of Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges or due to the delay in listing of Equity Shares on the Stock Exchange(s) beyond December 31, 2021, that RBI will give us approval to open new branches in the future, or that the RBI will not impose similar restrictions on us in the future, as a result of which our expansion strategy and business prospects could be adversely affected. 

## **12.** **_The majority of our business premises are leased. Accordingly, we are exposed to risks typical to leasing of commercial real estate, including risk of being required to relocate certain of our premises from time to time._** 

As on March 31, 2022, we had 509 branches and 1,141 ATMs, of which 465 branches and 1,111 ATMs were located on leased premises. 

As on March 31, 2022, 23 of our branch leases had expired out of which 9 are in the process of being renewed and for 6 branch leases, the sanction for renewal of lease has been granted by the Bank to the relevant branch. Further, 29 of our ATM leases had expired, out of which 9 are in the process of being renewed and for 2 ATM leases, the sanction for renewal of lease has been granted by the Bank to the relevant ATM. The Bank is in various stages of the renewal process for expired ATM and branch leases. The Bank is actively engaged in negotiations with owners of such leased premises for renewal. In certain cases, owing to the owner being out of town or due to disputes among society members/owners, or any ownership dispute, the renewal process is taking longer than usual. Termination of or failure to renew lease agreements may require us to shift the concerned branch offices or the ATMs to new premises. Further, in case of non-renewal of our leases or if such agreements are renewed on unfavorable terms and conditions, we may be forced to procure alternative space for our existing branches and incur additional costs for such relocation. We may also face the risk of being evicted in the event that our landlords allege a breach on our part of any terms under these lease agreements and there is no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable locations to re-locate our operations. This may cause a disruption in our operations or result in increased costs, or both, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows in respect of such premises. Some of the lease agreements entered into by us may not be stamped, inadequately stamped or may not be registered. In such event, these agreements may be inadmissible as evidence before a court of law. Further, some of the immoveable properties used by us and taken on lease from time to time may have one or more irregularities of title such as non-registration of lease deeds. We cannot assure you that we would be able to enforce our rights under such agreements or in respect of such immovable properties, and any inability to do so, could impair our operations and adversely affect our financial condition. For further details, see “ _Our Business – Properties_ ” on page 137. Details of properties taken on lease by our Bank as of March 31, 2022 are annexed as Schedules 1 and 1A to this Red Herring Prospectus on pages 368 and 384, respectively. 

**13.** **_We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about customers and counterparties. Our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected by relying on financial statements of customers that do not comply with generally accepted accounting principles or on other information that is incorrect or materially misleading._** 

In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions with customers and counterparties, 

36 

we may rely on information furnished to us by or on behalf of such customers and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information and opinions on title deeds and valuation of property. We may also rely on certain representations as to the accuracy and completeness of that information. With respect to financial statements, we rely on reports of independent auditors of the borrowers. For instance, in deciding whether to extend credit, we may assume that a customer’s audited financial statements conform to generally accepted accounting principles and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of that customer. Although we have taken steps to strengthen our internal processes, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be negatively impacted by reliance on missing information or information provided by third parties that is inaccurate or materially misleading. This may affect the quality of information available to us about the credit history of our borrowers, especially individuals and small businesses. As a consequence, our ability to effectively manage our credit risk may be adversely affected. Our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected by relying on financial statements of customers that do not comply with generally accepted accounting principles or on other information that is incorrect or materially misleading. 

**14.** **_We are dependent on our Key Managerial Personnel and the loss of, or our inability to attract or retain, such persons could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our performance and success depend largely on the efforts and abilities of our Key Managerial Personnel. We believe that the inputs and experience of our Key Managerial Personnel are valuable for the development of our business and operations and the strategic directions taken by our Bank. For details on our Key Managerial Personnel, see “ _Our Management – Key Managerial Personnel_ ” on page 180. 

Our ability to sustain our growth depends upon our ability to attract and retain such personnel, developing managerial experience to address emerging business and operating challenges and ensuring a high standard of customer service. We cannot assure you that these individuals or any other member of our management team will not leave us or join a competitor or that we will be able to retain such personnel or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. We may require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when qualified personnel terminate their employment with our Bank. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting employees that our business requires. The loss of the services of such persons may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, the RBI reserves the right under the Banking Regulation Act to remove managerial persons from office and/ or supersede the Board in order to protect interests of depositors of our Bank. 

Attracting and retaining talented professionals is a key element to our growth strategy. We may also face attrition of our existing workforce as a result of increased competition or other factors relating to our businesses. For instance, our attrition rate in Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022 was 1.23%, 1.32% and 1.53% respectively, calculated for each period by dividing the number of resignations during such period by the average of number of employees as of the first day and last day of such period. 

In addition, if the banking industry increasingly moves toward incentive-based pay schemes, attrition rates could increase and we could be forced to alter our remuneration scheme. The resultant pressures may result in diminished profitability, especially if rates of return do not experience a commensurate rise. An inability to attract and retain such talented professionals or the resignation or loss of such professionals may have an adverse impact on our business and future financial performance. 

In addition, we may experience difficulties in managing our expanding workforce. If we cannot hire additional qualified personnel or retain them, our ability to expand our business will be impaired and our revenue could decline. We will need to recruit new employees, who will have to be trained and integrated into our operations. We will also have to train existing employees to adhere properly to internal controls and risk management procedures. Failure to train and motivate our employees properly may result in an increase in employee attrition rates, require additional hiring, erode the quality of customer service, divert management resources, increase our exposure to high-risk credit and impose significant costs on us. 

- **14A.** **_Banking companies in India, are currently required to report financial statements as per Indian GAAP. However, we may be required to prepare our financial statements in accordance with Ind AS in the future. Differences exist between Ind AS and Indian GAAP, which may be material to investors’ assessment of our financial condition. The Ind AS financial information that we may be required to_** 

37 

## **_prepare in the future may not be comparable to the Indian GAAP financial information we currently prepare._** 

The Ministry of Corporate Affairs, in its press release dated January 18, 2016, issued a roadmap for implementation of Ind AS for scheduled commercial banks, insurance companies and NBFCs, which are applicable to us. Such roadmap provided that these institutions were required to prepare Ind AS financial statements for accounting periods commencing April 1, 2018 (including comparative financial statements for the corresponding periods in the previous year). The RBI, by its circular dated February 11, 2016, required all scheduled commercial banks to comply with Ind AS for financial statements commencing April 1, 2018 and also required such entities to prepare and submit proforma Ind AS financial statements to the RBI since the six months ended September 30, 2016. However, the RBI, through its notification dated March 22, 2019, decided to defer the implementation of Ind AS until further notice for all scheduled commercial banks (except regional rural banks). Under applicable regulations, scheduled commercial banks, are not permitted to undertake early adoption of Ind AS. Accordingly, we continue to prepare and present our financial statements under Indian GAAP. 

We have not determined with any degree of certainty the impact that such adoption will have on our financial reporting. Furthermore, the new accounting standards will change, among other things, our methodology for estimating allowances for probable loan losses and for classifying and valuing our investment portfolio and revenue recognition policy. For estimation of probable loan losses, the new accounting standards may require us to calculate the present value of the expected future cash flows realizable from our loans, including the possible liquidation of collateral (discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate). This may result in us recognizing allowances for probable loan losses in the future which may be higher or lower than under current Indian GAAP. 

Therefore, there can be no assurance that our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or changes in shareholders’ equity will not appear materially worse under Ind AS than under Indian GAAP. In our transition to Ind AS reporting, when applicable, we may encounter difficulties in the ongoing process of implementing and enhancing management information systems. Further, there is no significant body of established practice on which to draw in forming judgments regarding the new system’s implementation and application. There can be no assurance that our adoption of Ind AS will not adversely affect our reported results of operations or financial condition and any failure to successfully adopt Ind AS could adversely affect our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

## **15.** **_We undertake fee based activities and our financial performance may be adversely affected by an inability to generate income from such activities._** 

One of the primary drivers of our revenue are the fees that we charge for our products and services, and the volume of such fees. The fees we charge our customers can depend upon a number of factors that are, in part, within our control, which can include our overall business strategy, our expenses related to a particular transaction type, the volume of transactions for a product or service (where the greater the number of expected transactions will typically result in us getting a smaller fee, and vice versa), or promotions that we may be running at any given time. Further, they are also dependent upon a number of external factors, which can include general macro-economic conditions, the supply or demand for a product and service, regulatory instructions (such as in the case of interchange fees), changes in general banking activity and competitive factors. Competitive factors in particular, have and may continue to have an adverse effect on our ability to charge higher fees to improve our margins. 

In addition, as our fee charges are primarily on per transaction basis, the volume of transactions that we record is a primary driver of our revenue. Set out below is our fee based income for past three Fiscals: 

|**Particulars**||**As on March 31,**|_(in ₹ million)_|
|---|---|---|---|
||**2020**|**2021**|**2022**|
|Fee Based Income|1,601.81|1,700.00|1,859.70|
|Total Income|39,925.29|42,534.02|46,564.35|
|% Fee Based Income to Total Income|4.01%|4.00%|3.99%|



The volume of transactions depend upon a number of factors that are, in part, within our control, which can include the number of and availability of customer touchpoints (i.e., ATMs, e-Lobbies, BCs, and POS, Mobile Banking, internet Banking in addition to our 509 branches as on March 31, 2022), the 

38 

usability of our customer facing technology and the reliability and capacity of such technology to handle large volumes of transactions, our marketing efforts and customer care initiatives, and the extent to which our customer touchpoints represent our brand in a positive manner. Our Bank is continuously upgrading its technology platform to enhance user experience through alternate channel to facilitate to handle large volume of transactions and generate fee income through digital channels. For instance, our Bank has launched a mobile banking application “TMb MConnect” on June 23, 2016 and launched our new mobile banking application “TMB Mbank on October 11, 2021”. Further, the volume of transactions also depends upon a number of external factors, which can include general macro-economic conditions, critical technology and power infrastructure, government initiatives regarding financial inclusion, digitization of transactions and payments in India, changes in general banking activity and competition. 

If we are unable to manage and plan for the factors within and out of our control, we may not adequately set our fee structure to cover all or some of our costs or miss revenue generating opportunities, or even where adequately set, we may miss opportunities to increase volume, each of which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

## **15A.** **_Any non-compliance with mandatory AML, KYC and CFT laws and regulations could expose us to liability and harm our business and reputation._** 

In accordance with the requirements applicable to banks in India, we are mandated to comply with applicable anti-money laundering (“ **AML** ”), know your client (“ **KYC** ”) and combating financing of terrorism (“ **CFT** ”) regulations. These laws and regulations require us, among other things, to adopt and enforce AML, KYC and CFT policies and procedures. We are also required to undertake constant review and assessment of existing control processes and programs to meet the increased regulatory expectation. We face significant challenges with system upgradation to meet the requirements of such regulatory developments. Our reputation and business could suffer if any such parties use or attempt to use us for money-laundering or illegal or improper purposes and such attempts are not detected or reported to the appropriate authorities in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. Although we believe that we have adequate internal policies, processes and controls in place to prevent and detect AML and CFT activity and ensure KYC compliance, there may be significant inconsistencies in the manner in which specific operational and KYC, AML, CFT policies are actually interpreted and implemented at an operational level in each of our branches. If we fail to comply with such laws and regulations, we may be subject to regulatory actions, including imposition of fines and other penalties by the relevant government agencies to whom we report. 

Our Bank received a show cause notice on May 10, 2021 from RBI for failure to comply with KYC norms. Our Bank had accordingly submitted due reply on May 24, 2021 detailing necessary clarifications. Further, our Bank has by a letter dated June 22, 2021, provided information in relation to our Bank’s AMLock system, transaction specific alerts system and has subsequently updated the AML Software AMLock, pursuant to which all necessary risk parameters have been added. 

## **15B.** **_If we are unable to manage our large network or implement our growth strategies, our operations may suffer and our performance may be adversely affected._** 

Since our incorporation, our growth strategy has been anchored in Tamil Nadu. As of March 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 our deposits and advances in the state of Tamil Nadu contributed to 75.93%, 76.33% and 75.06% of our Total Business. As of March 31, 2022, we had 4.32 million customers, 85.03% of our overall customer base, contributing to our deposits and advances portfolios in the State of Tamil Nadu. Apart from our home state, Tamil Nadu, we will focus on diversifying our reach in our already existing network including in the states Gujarat, Maharashtra, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. As of March 31, 2022, our businesses, including the deposits and advances portfolios, in the state of Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Gujarat contributed 75.06%, 5.78%, 3.67%, 3.47% and 2.91% to our Total Business. 

Any such growth in our branches or services that we pursue may not be profitable immediately or at all or may take more time than is planned to break even, and failure to do so within a reasonable period may adversely affect our profitability. Historical growth and the speed of such growth is not indicative of any future growth or speed of such growth. 

We will need to enhance, improve and monitor our financial, accounting, information technology, administrative and operational infrastructure and internal capabilities in order to manage the future 

39 

growth of our business. We cannot assure you that we will succeed in doing so, as it is subject to many factors beyond our control. Factors such as competition, customer requirements, regulatory regimes, culture and business practices in these new markets may differ from those in our existing markets. 

We may face risks associated with our large number of banking outlets and extensive network. Further, as we plan to expand our geographic footprint in India, our business may be exposed to additional challenges, including obtaining additional governmental or regulatory approvals, identifying and collaborating with local businesses and other third parties with whom we may have no existing relationship, successfully marketing our products and services in markets in which we have no or low familiarity, preserving our asset quality as our geographical presence increases and our customer profile changes, attracting customers in a market in which we do not have significant experience or visibility, maintaining standardized systems and procedures across the network, adapting our marketing strategy and operations to new markets in India in which different languages are spoken, higher technology costs, developing and improving our products and delivery channels, upgrading, expanding and securing our technology platform in physical locations, operational risks including integration of internal controls and procedures, compliance with KYC, AML Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act and other regulatory norms, ensuring customer satisfaction, recruiting, training and retaining skilled personnel for the branches, failure to manage service providers in relation to any outsourced services. To address these challenges, we may have to make significant investments that may not yield desired results or incur costs that we may not be able to recover. If we are unable to implement our planned growth strategies, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows will be adversely affected. 

## **16.** **_We are currently significantly dependent on Retail, MSME and Agri-financing, customers and any adverse developments in these segments could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We offer banking products and services to retail, MSME, agricultural and corporate customers. Our retail asset products include home loans, personal loans, auto loans, educational loans, business loans as well as security-backed loans of various types to our retail customers. Our MSME portfolio consists primarily of various loan products to our MSME customers such as manufacturing, traders and services sector. Our loans to the agricultural sector include loans to individual farmers, group of farmers, agriculture businesses and agriculture corporates. For corporate customers, we offer various loans to corporates, in textiles and other industries, with our assortment of banking products and services including working capital, term financial, trade financial, structured finance services, foreign exchange business funding in domestic and foreign currencies. 

Our lending products are primarily focused on Retail, MSME and Agri-financing (“ **RAM** ”) customers. Our RAM portfolio has increased at a CAGR of 12.94% over the last three Fiscals from ₹ 231,427.36 million in Fiscal 2020 to ₹ 295.205.01 million in Fiscal 2022, and represents 88.14% of our net advances as on March 31,2022. 

Accordingly, a reduction in or failure to grow our RAM customer base could lead to losses and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Additionally, any decline in business, or in demand for our banking products could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

## **17.** **_An increase in our portfolio of NPAs may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our management of credit risk involves having appropriate credit policies, underwriting standards, approval processes, loan portfolio monitoring, collection and remedial management and an overall architecture for managing credit risk in our business. If the credit quality of our borrowers, the growth of our loan portfolio or our provisioning levels deteriorate due to various factors in either division, this could have a material adverse effect on our overall business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and prospects. Although we have credit monitoring and risk mitigation policies and procedures in place for our business, these policies and procedures may not be accurate, properly designed, or appropriately implemented, and we could suffer material credit losses. For example, if the value of the collateral securing our credit portfolio is insufficient (including through a decline in its value after the obtaining of such collateral) or if we face practical or legal impediments in enforcing collateral, then we will be exposed to greater credit risk and an increased risk of non-recovery if related credit exposures fail to perform. In addition, even if our policies and procedures are accurate and appropriate, 

40 

we may not be able to anticipate future economic or financial developments or downturns, which could lead to an increase in our NPAs. 

||||||<br>|_(in ₹ million)_<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**As on March**<br>**31,**|**Gross NPA**|**Gross**<br>**Advances**|**Gross %**|**Net NPA**|**Net**<br>**Advances**|**Net %**|
|2020|10,209.77|282,361.79|3.62%,|4,974.66|277,157.64|1.80%|
|2021|10,847.78|315,410.30|3.44%|6,138.26|310,696.03|1.98%|
|2022|5,709.23|337,481.69|1.69%|3,175.80|334,915.43|0.95%|



* _Please refer “Our Business” on page 116._ 

Although our Bank is making efforts to improve collections and to foreclose on existing impaired loans in a timely manner, there cannot be any assurance that we will be successful in our efforts or that the overall quality of our Bank’s loan portfolio will improve or will not deteriorate in the future. If our Bank is unsuccessful in controlling or reducing its impaired loans, or if there is a significant increase in impaired loans or deterioration in the quality of the assets that our Bank holds as security, our Bank’s future financial performance could be materially and adversely affected. 

Provisions for NPAs are created by a charge to our profit and loss account and are currently subject to minimum provision requirements set by the RBI and our internal provisioning policies. The determination of an appropriate level of loan losses and provisions involves a degree of subjectivity and requires that we make estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which may be subject to material changes. Any incorrect estimation of risks may result in our provisions not being adequate to cover any further increase in the amount of NPAs or any further deterioration in our NPA portfolio. 

Stress in certain sectors of the economy could impact our customers and result in higher levels of NPAs and restructured assets in the future. Further, certain assets classified as restructured may subsequently be classified as delinquent or non-performing in case borrowers fail to restore their financial viability and honour their loan servicing obligations. There can be no assurance that the debt restructuring criteria approved by us will be adequate or successful and that borrowers will be able to meet their obligations under restructured advances. Any resulting increase in delinquency levels may adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We may face asset and liability mismatches and we cannot assure you that we will always be successful in maintaining a positive asset-liability gap (please refer “ _Selected Statistical Information – Assets Liability Gap_ ” on page 193). The Bank’s cumulative mismatches (as a percentage of cumulative cash outflows, (please refer “ _Selected Statistical Information – Assets Liability Gap_ ” on page 194) for the past three years in various time buckets are as set out below: 

||**Next Day (in %)**|**2-7 Days (in %)**|**8-14 days (in %)**|**15-30 days (in %)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|March 31, 2020|713.07|292.21|211.97|110.20|
|March 31, 2021|1,183.10|144.01|125.75|73.94|
|March 31, 2022|655.02|176.27|145.24|68.50|
|**Regulatory ceiling for**<br>**net cumulative**<br>**negative mismatches**|**5%**|**10%**|**15%**|**20%**|



We may rely on funding options with a short-term maturity period for extending long-term loans, which may lead to negative asset-liability gap. Further, mismatches between our assets and liabilities are compounded in case of pre-payments of the financing facilities we grant to our customers. Further, assetliability mismatches may also result in liquidity crunch or liquidity surplus situations and depending upon the interest rate movement, such situations may adversely affect our Net Interest Income. If we are unable to manage our assets and liabilities in a timely and cost-effective manner, it may lead to mismatch in our assets and liabilities, leading to a liquidity risk which may have a material adverse effect on our operations and profitability. 

## **18.** **_We may not be able to maintain or grow our CASA ratio in accordance with our strategy, which may result in higher cost of funds, and which may materially affect our financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our CASA ratio (please refer “ _Our Business_ ” on page 116) improved from 25.85% as on March 31, 2020 to 28.52% as on March 31, 2021 and to 30.50% as on March 31, 2022. We have followed a segmental approach to grow our CASA ratio by revamping our existing CASA products and introducing of new 

41 

products like TASC (Trust, Association, Society, Club) accounts, CASA accounts of central and state government schemes with Public Financial Management System facility enabled. However, attracting customer deposits in the Indian market is competitive. Recently, apart from public and private sector banks, we have also started facing competition from small finance banks and payment banks. Banks are now free to fix differential interest rates on savings deposits for various value buckets. Though we have introduced differential pricing mechanism by offering differential rate of interest to savings bank customers having balance more than ₹ 1.00 million at 3.25% p.a. and 3.00% for accounts maintaining balance of ₹ 1.00 million and below, there is no assurance that we can successfully sustain this mechanism, and that we will be successful in growing our CASA base. In future, we may also be forced to increase interest rates for our CASA products further to remain competitive and there is no guarantee that from such move we will be able to enhance our customer base enough to compensate for the increase in interest rates. If we fail to maintain or grow our CASA ratio, it will result in a higher cost of funds, and will impact our Bank’s financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

## **19.** **_Our business comprises both traditional general banking activities and micro banking activities that exposes our business overall to the risks faced by each sector, which may negatively impact our performance._** 

We offer a wide range of traditional banking, financial products and services primarily to retail, agricultural, MSME and corporates covering general banking segments. We also offer micro banking activities, i.e. providing loans of small amounts to low income individuals/groups. For instance, we provide loans of up to ₹ 10,000 under PM Svanidhi scheme that are repayable in monthly instalments. Traditional banking and micro banking activities undertaken by us are exposed to different risks that may impact their operations and performance, including but not limited to regulatory requirements, geographic and industry concentration risks, varied customer demographics and borrower profiles, risks associated with secured and unsecured lending practices, and the ability to offer different types of financial products to attract customers. Our presence in each of the general banking and micro banking sectors uniquely exposes us overall to the risks present in each. Accordingly, such exposure to each may result in events that materially adversely impact our operations and financial performance. 

## **20.** **_We are required to lend a minimum percentage of our Adjusted Net Bank Credit (“ANBC”) to certain priority sectors. Any adverse performance by such priority sectors or any change in the RBI’s regulations relating to priority sector lending or our Bank’s inability to meet the priority sector lending targets could attract punitive action from the regulator which may have an adverse impact._** 

The Reserve Bank of India (Priority Sector Lending – Targets and Classification) Directions, 2020 dated September 4, 2020 (“ **PSL Regulations** ”) sets out the broad policy in relation to priority sector lending. The Priority Sector Lending Regulations apply to all commercial banks licensed to operate in India by the RBI. In terms of the PSL Regulations, the sectors categorised as priority sectors are agriculture, micro, small and medium enterprises (“ **MSME** ”), export credit, education, housing, social infrastructure, renewable energy and other sectors. Further, the PSL Regulations stipulate that domestic commercial banks will have to allocate 40.00% of the adjusted net bank credit to PSL or credit equivalent of offbalance sheet exposures, whichever is higher. Further, for agriculture sector, micro enterprises and advance to weaker sections, the targets are 18.00%, 7.50% and 12.00% of the adjusted net bank credit or credit equivalent of off-balance sheet exposures, whichever is higher, respectively. It has also prescribed sub-targets for small and marginal farmers, micro-enterprises and weaker sections. 

Our priority sector advances include advances for agricultural, MSME, educational, housing, renewable energy, and social infrastructure sectors. As on March 31, 2022, our lending to priority sectors constituted ₹ 245,123.68 million or 77.20% of our ANBC, which comprised ₹ 100,217.70 million or 31.56% of our ANBC from agriculture, ₹ 124,342.11 million or 39.11% of our ANBC from MSME, and the balance ₹ 20,563.87 million or 6.48% of our ANBC from educational, housing, renewable energy, and social infrastructure sectors. Our total priority sector credit amounted to ₹ 245,123.68 million as on March 31, 2022, of which our other priority sector credit amounted to ₹ 20,563.87 million. Our ANBC amounted to ₹ 317,513.29 million as on March 31, 2022. 

Non-achievement of lending targets to priority sectors may, in addition to other consequences, also be considered as a factor by the RBI while deciding grant of regulatory clearances and approvals for various purposes. For a list of the material approvals and licenses required from the RBI under the Banking Regulation Act and the RBI Act, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” beginning on page 305. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet the lending targets towards priority sectors. In case we are 

42 

unable to meet such targets, we may have to deposit the shortfall with any one of the specified agencies, and failure to do so may result in refusal of the RBI to grant us regulatory clearances and approvals in the future. Further, any change in the RBI’s guidelines may require us to increase our lending to the priority sectors, and inability of borrowers from the priority sectors to repay loans may result in an increase in NPAs, which may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

## **21.** **_Our business is vulnerable to interest rate related risks. Volatility in interest rates could adversely affect our net interest margin, the value of our fixed income portfolio, our security receipts, our income from treasury operations, the quality of our loan portfolio, and our financial performance._** 

Our interest income amounted to 82.33% of our total income in Fiscal 2022. Net interest income represents the excess of interest earned from interest-earning assets (such as performing loans and investments) over the interest paid on interest bearing customer deposits and borrowings. Our net interest margin for Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022 was 3.64%, 3.77% and 4.10%, respectively. 

Interest rates are sensitive to many factors beyond our control, including the RBI’s monetary policy and domestic and international economic and political conditions, as well as other factors. Volatility and changes in market interest rates could disproportionately affect the interest we earn on our assets as compared to the interest we pay on our liabilities. The difference could result in an increase in interest expense relative to interest income leading to a reduction in net interest income. Accordingly, volatility in interest rates could materially and adversely affect our business and financial performance. An increase in interest rates may also adversely affect the rate of growth of important sectors of the Indian economy, such as corporate, retail, and agricultural sectors, which may materially and adversely impact our business. Such increase in the interest rates may lead to inability of the borrowers to repay the loan amount. Any consequent increase in the delinquency rates will mean that the interest income from such advances will no longer accrue and this will further affect our net interest income. 

Our sources of funding has primarily been capital, borrowings and deposits. The borrowings of our Bank are by way of short term borrowings such as repo from the RBI which we rely on for our day to day requirements. We also rely on deposits as a source of funds for our Bank. Accordingly, our cost of funds is sensitive to interest rate fluctuations. The rates that we must pay to attract deposits are determined by numerous factors such as the prevailing interest rate structure, competitive landscape, Indian monetary policy, and inflation. If we fail to achieve or sustain continued growth of our deposit base, we may be forced to rely more heavily on more expensive sources of funding, such as the wholesale market, which could materially and adversely affect our profitability and business. In addition, interest-earning assets tend to re-price more quickly than interest-bearing liabilities. Increases in interest rates applicable to our liabilities, without concurrent or corresponding increases in interest rates applicable to our interest bearing assets, may result in a decline in our net interest income, which could materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. 

Furthermore, in the event of rising interest rates, our borrowers may not be willing to pay correspondingly higher interest rates on their borrowings and may choose to repay/pre-pay their loans with us, particularly if they are able to switch to more competitively priced loans offered by other banks. Our inability to retain customers as a result of rising interest rates may adversely impact our earnings in future periods. Similarly, in the event of falling interest rates, we may face more challenges in retaining our customers if we are unable to offer competitive rates on deposits as compared to other banks in the market which could materially and adversely affect our business and financial results. 

## **22.** **_An inability to obtain, renew or maintain our statutory and regulatory permits and approvals required to operate our business may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and cash flows_ .** 

We are required to obtain various statutory and regulatory permits and approvals to operate our business which requires us to comply with certain terms and conditions to continue our operations. For instance, we require approvals from various regulatory authorities for various aspects of our operations (including foreign exchange license, demat services) licenses. Failure to obtain these permits and approvals may result in imposition of fines and penalties by the relevant regulator. Further it is possible that the RBI may place stringent restrictions on our operations. There can be no assurance that any approval or extension sought by us will be granted without onerous conditions being imposed on us, or at all if any such conditions are not complied with. 

43 

In addition, we are required to obtain certain approvals in the normal course of our business such as employee provident fund, employees’ state insurance corporation registration and tax registrations. See “ _Government and Other Approvals – Material approvals in relation to the business operations of our Bank_ ” beginning on page 305. We may also need to apply for new licenses and approvals, which may expire from time to time. In the event that we are unable to obtain, renew or maintain other statutory permits and approvals or comply with regulatory requirements, it may result in the interruption of all or some of our operations, imposition of penalties and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial performance and reputation. Further, our approvals and licenses are subject to numerous conditions, some of which are onerous and may require us to incur substantial expenditure in order to comply with such conditions. We may not, at all times, have all approvals required for our business. We can also not assure that the approvals, licenses, registrations or permits issued to us will not be suspended or revoked, or that applicable penalties will not be imposed on us in the event of non-compliance with any terms and conditions. We may also incur substantial costs related to litigation if we are subject to significant regulatory action, which may adversely affect our business, future financial performance and results of operations. 

## **23.** **_We rely extensively on our information technology systems and any weakness, disruption or failure in such systems, or breach of data, could adversely affect our operations and reputation. Further, our success depends on our ability to innovate, upgrade and respond to new technological advances._** 

We are highly dependent on our information technology systems and our ability to efficiently and reliably process a high volume of transactions across numerous locations and delivery channels. As organizations extend out to clouds and mobile devices, IT departments have to radically change how they operate, including how they procure products and services, how they manage technology and data assets, and IT’s own role within the organization. 

To ensure a robust and secure technology platform for our Bank, suitable internal policies and procedures have been adopted. Our Information Technology consists of several other policies such as the information security policy, IT network policy and IT procurement policy. The information security policy further lays down a set of standards and procedures in relation to data leakage, network security, incident response management. We also outsource some of our IT services like technology infrastructure management, maintenance and support, software development maintenance and testing, and business processes. In addition, our Bank has recently migrated from “Finacle 7.0.25” to “Finacle 10.2.25” with effect from August 14, 2022. 

If these service providers are unable to fulfil their contractual obligations or if we encounter any failure in the timely implementation, performance or integration of such systems, we may experience interruptions in our operations, loss of customers, damaged reputation and weakening of our competitive position. See “ _Our Business – Information Technology_ ” on page 134. 

Our information technology systems are subject to potential internal and external weaknesses, disruptions and failures such as damage or incapacitation by human error, natural disasters, electrical or telecommunication outages, nation/ region-wide interruptions in the infrastructure, sabotage, computer viruses, hacking, cyber-attacks or similar events, or loss of support services from other third parties, or failures to timely upgrade our information technology systems. 

On September 14, 2020, RBI released guidelines on automation of income recognition, asset classification and provisioning processes in banks pursuant to which banks have been advised to put in place and upgrade their systems by June 30, 2021 to, inter alia, recognize and derecognize income in case of impaired assets, calculate provisioning requirement and classify assets as NPAs and NPIs in the system, in each case, without any manual intervention. Our Bank has duly complied with and implemented the RBI guidelines. Certain exceptions have been granted from system driven classification in cases which are expected to be minimum and temporary subject to certain conditions. In such cases, the banks are required to maintain system generated logs for all exceptions for a minimum period of three years. Any failure to comply with such guidelines, or any other information technology related guidelines, circulars or notifications issued by the RBI from time to time, may expose us to potential regulatory action and penalties, thereby adversely affecting our financial condition, reputation and cash flow. 

**24.** **_Our industry is very competitive and our growth strategy depends on our ability to compete effectively_** _._ 

44 

The banking and financing sector in India is highly competitive and we face competition in all our principal areas of business. We face strong competition from much larger government controlled public sector banks, Indian and foreign commercial banks, non-banking financial companies, payment banks, small finance banks and other financial services companies as well. Public sector banks, which generally have a much larger customer and deposit base, larger branch networks and Government support for capital augmentation, pose strong competition to us. Traditionally, public banks have accounted for the major proportion of the banking credit outstanding. However, low profitability, weak capital position, low operational efficiency, and increase in stressed loans in the past few years led to slowdown in their loan growth. As a result, public banks gradually lost market share to private banks, which were relatively well capitalized and had higher degree of operational efficiency. Public banks which accounted for 71% share in credit outstanding in Fiscal 2015, accounted for only 58% share in Fiscal 2022. ( _Source: CRISIL Report)_ Mergers among public sector banks, including those encouraged and facilitated by Government efforts, may result in enhanced competitive strengths in pricing and delivery channels for the merged entities. 

Our ability to continue to meet customer demand for new loans will depend primarily on our ability to raise funds through deposits and refinancing on suitable interest rates and terms, and in a timely manner. Our ability to raise such funds on competitive terms in the future will depend on various factors including our credit ratings, macroeconomic factors, the regulatory environment and policy initiatives in India, developments in the international markets affecting the Indian economy, outbreak of an infectious disease, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, investors’ and/or lenders’ perception of demand for debt and equity securities of scheduled commercial banks, and our current and future results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

The success of our banking operations depends on a number of factors, including the demand for our services and our ability to compete with other banks and financial institutions effectively. There are multiple players in the banking sector with various organisational structures. Loans in the microfinance sector are provided by banks, small finance banks, non-banking finance company-microfinance institutions, other non-banking finance companies, and non-profit organisations. They also provide loans under the self-help group model. However, they also give microfinance loans directly or through business correspondents to meet their priority-sector lending targets. In addition, many of our potential customers in economically weaker segments do not have access to any form of organized institutional lending, and rely on loans from informal sources, especially moneylenders, landlords, local shopkeepers and traders, at higher interest rates. 

If the number of scheduled commercial banks, public sector banks, private sector banks, payment banks, small finance banks, and foreign banks with branches in the country increases, we will face increased competition in the businesses, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

In addition, we have faced and may face in the future attrition and difficulties in hiring at senior management, specialized functions and other levels due to competition from existing banking entities, as well as new banks and banking entities entering the market. Due to such intense competition, we may be unable to execute our growth strategy successfully and offer competitive products and services, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

See “ _Our Business – Competition_ ” on page 136. 

## **25.** **_Our risk management measures may not be fully effective in mitigating our risks in all market environments or against all types of risks, which may adversely affect our business and financial performance._** 

We have adopted various risk management policies, including operational risk management policy, credit risk management policy, credit risk mitigation techniques and collateral management policy and fraud risk management policy. The RBI guidelines have mandated Banks to implement the operational risk management requirements. Our Bank has also constituted a risk management committee and an Operational Risk Management Committee of Executives to effectively take decisions for handling and mitigating any risks we may face. 

However, we may not be able to effectively mitigate all our risk exposures. While we have risk 

45 

management policies, our policies and procedures to identify, assess, monitor and manage risks may not be fully effective. Some of our risk management systems are not automated and are subject to human error. Some of our methods of assessing and managing risks are based on the use of observed historical market behavior. As a result, these methods may not accurately predict future risk exposures which could be significantly greater than those indicated by the historical measures. Management of operations, legal and regulatory risks requires, among other things, policies and procedures to properly record and verify a large number of transactions and events, and these policies and procedures may not be fully effective. As we seek to expand the scope of our operations, we also face the risk that we may not be able to develop risk management policies and procedures that are properly designed for new business areas or to manage the risks associated with the growth of our existing businesses effectively. Implementation and monitoring may prove particularly challenging with respect to businesses that we plan on developing. An inability to develop and implement effective risk management policies may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Further, some of our risk management strategies may not be effective in a difficult market environment, where other market participants may be attempting to use the same or similar strategies to deal with the difficult market conditions. In such circumstances, it may be difficult for us to reduce our risk positions due to the activity of such other market participants or government actions. Other risk management methods depend upon an evaluation of information regarding markets, customers and counterparties or other matters. This information may not in all cases be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated. 

We are exposed to operational risks arising from inadequacy or failure of internal processes or systems such as employee negligence, data theft, fraud and embezzlement by customers and/ or third parties, and our actions may not be sufficient to result in an effective internal control environment. Given our high volume of transactions and changing technology and digital and physical payments landscape, errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and rectified. Our management information systems and internal control procedures that are designed to monitor our operations and overall compliance may not be able to identify non-compliance or suspicious transactions in a timely manner, or at all. Where internal control weaknesses are identified, our actions may not be sufficient to fully correct such internal control weaknesses. In addition, certain processes are carried out manually, which may increase the risk that human error, tampering, frauds or manipulation will result in losses that may be difficult to detect. As a result, we may suffer monetary losses, which may not be recoverable or covered by our insurance policies. Certain process, including the following, are carried out manually: 

- manual transaction input; 

- 

   - physical carrying of cash; and 

- 

- valuation of securities. 

Instances where the Bank may suffer monetary losses which may not be covered adequately or at all by insurance policies include the following: 

- (a) In case of manual transaction input, any error in punching in an account number or amount will lead to an incorrect credit, which if not recovered will lead to a loss. 

- (b) Valuation of securities is a third party action which is carried out by a valuer and any mistake in valuation leading to overvaluation may lead to lesser realization at the time of sale. 

Any failure or material weakness in our risk management architecture could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

## **26.** **_Our insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover claims. If we incur substantial uninsured loss or loss that exceeds our insurance coverage, it could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition._** 

While we are covered by a range of insurance including group life insurance, group personal accident, group health insurance and directors’ and officers’ liability insurance. Additionally, our deposits are insured by the Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corporation. We believe such coverage is consistent with industry practice in India and in accordance with the guidelines provided by RBI to cover 

46 

risks associated with our business, we cannot assure you that the existing coverage will insure us completely against all risks and losses that may arise in the future. We may not have insurance to cover all of the risks associated with our business, as insurance coverage is either unavailable for certain risks or is prohibitively expensive. In addition, even if such losses are insured, we may be required to contribute a substantial deductible on any claim for recovery of such a loss, or the amount of the loss may exceed our coverage for the loss. In addition, our insurance policies are generally subject to annual renewal, and our ability to renew these policies on similar or otherwise acceptable terms, cannot be assured. If we incur a serious uninsured loss or a loss that significantly exceeds the limits of our insurance policies, it could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **27.** **_Our operations could be adversely affected by strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees, changes in labour laws, or any other change in the relationship we have with our employees._** 

We are exposed to the risk of strikes and other industrial actions by our employees as well as trade unions that our employees are a part of. As on March 31, 2022, out of our 4,419 employees, 4,283 were members of the two trade unions that have been recognized by us, Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Employee’s Association and Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Officers’ Association. We have entered into memoranda of settlement with such association recording our agreement with such associations with respect to issues of scale of pay and terms and conditions of service which are valid until October 31, 2022. We cannot assure you that we will be able to renew such memoranda on favorable conditions after the expiry of their current term. We cannot assure you that we will not experience disruptions in work due to disputes or other problems with our work force in the future. Any labour unrest directed against us, including with respect to increased wage demands, could prevent or hinder our normal operating activities, and, if not resolved in a timely manner, could lead to disruptions in our operations. These actions are impossible for us to predict or control and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

## **28.** **_We may face cyber threats attempting to exploit our network to disrupt products and support services to customers and/ or theft of sensitive internal data or customer information, which may cause damage to our reputation and adversely affect our business and financial performance._** 

We interact with and offer our products and services to our customers through a range of digital channels including our website, mobile phones and ATMs. 

Our information technology systems are subject to potential internal and external weaknesses, disruptions and failures such as damage or incapacitation by human error, natural disasters, electrical or telecommunication outages, nation/ region-wide interruptions in the infrastructure, sabotage, computer viruses, hacking, cyber-attacks or similar events, or loss of support services from other third parties, or failures to timely upgrade our information technology systems. For instance, our Bank had reported four incidents at the Cyber Security and Information Technology Examination Cell of RBI (“ **CSITE** ”) Data Collector Portal during October 12, 2019 to October 18, 2019. Examination of the cyber incident reports revealed that our Bank had not complied with the RBI Directions on Charges levied by Banks for Sending SMS Alerts dated November 26, 2013 and Cyber Security Framework in Banks dated June 2, 2016 and a show cause notice dated December 16, 2020 was issued to our Bank. Since we had taken steps to rectify the issues and avoid future incidents, the RBI and under Sections 46 and 47A of the Banking Regulation Act levied an aggregate penalty of ₹ 10.00 million on our Bank. 

We are exposed to many types of operational risk, including fraud or other misconduct by employees, customers, or outsiders involving our Bank, products and services, documentation, and operations. For instance, in the past, there have been instances where we have had to take disciplinary action against our employees for downloading confidential information without authorization. 

Cyber security risks for technology-focused companies and banking organizations have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, increased digitization of our products and services and the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions. For example, cyber security risks may increase in the future as we continue to increase our mobile-payment and other digital-based services and product offerings and expand our internal usage of digital/ web-based services/products and applications. 

47 

In addition, cyber security risks have significantly increased in recent years in part due to the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime affiliates, terrorist organizations, hostile foreign governments, disgruntled employees or vendors, activists and other external parties, including those involved in corporate espionage. Our Bank has its own Cyber Security Operation Centre (“ **CSOC** ”) which is tasked with protecting us from multiple cyber attacks. Even the most advanced internal control environment may be vulnerable to compromise. Targeted social engineering attacks and “spear phishing” attacks are becoming more sophisticated and are extremely difficult to prevent. Persistent attackers may succeed in penetrating defenses given enough resources, time, and motive. The techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched and may not be recognized until well after a breach has occurred. Additionally, the existence of cyber-attacks or security breaches at third party vendors with access to our data may not be disclosed to us in a timely manner. 

Our customers could also be exposed to increased phishing attacks that could result in a financial loss to them, and in turn lead to claims for compensation from us or damage to our reputation. Moreover, in the absence of any data protection laws in India, such private information stored in our database may be vulnerable and susceptible to data breaches. 

## **29.** **_Some of our corporate records are not traceable and we have limited knowledge and records of documents relating to corporate actions undertaken by our Bank. These corporate records may not be available in future and we may be subject to penalty imposed by the competent regulatory authority in this respect._** 

We are unable to trace copies of certain corporate records and filings made by our Bank in the past. In particular, we have been unable to trace: (i) resolutions for issue and allotments of Equity Shares from our incorporation on May 11, 1921 till June 23, 1989; (ii) filings with the RoC from incorporation of our Bank on May 11, 1921 till December 16, 1982 in relation to changes in our issued, subscribed and paid up share capital; (iii) resolutions passed and filings with RoC in relation to change to the registered office of our Bank on February 10, 1936 and resolutions passed in relation the change in the registered office of our Bank on June 7, 1991; (iv) any records in relation to the commencement of business on November 11, 1921; (v) letter of intimation from RBI for inclusion of the name of our Bank in the Second Schedule of the RBI Act; and (vi) copies of the RBI approvals obtained for opening of certain branches of our Bank. The relevant documents are also not available at the office of the Registrar of Companies, Tamil Nadu, based on the search performed by a practicing company secretary. Consequently, disclosures in this Red Herring Prospectus in relation to changes in our issued, subscribed and paid up share capital at the time of incorporation and on December 16, 1982, December 29, 1982, May 20, 1989 and June 23, 1989 have been made in reliance of the Memorandum of Association, the relevant Form-2 filings made by our Bank with the RoC and our balance sheet as at December 31, 1982. 

In addition, our Bank had received a show cause notice from the RBI for failure to properly complete KYC norms in opening accounts, which was also stated in the RBI’s press release dated April 26, 2006. Pursuant to this, we paid a penalty of ₹ 0.5 million on May 3, 2006. In relation to this matter, we are unable to trace the (i) show cause notice received from RBI; (ii) written reply by our Bank to the RBI; and (iii) order imposing penalty by the RBI. 

In respect of the approval for opening of our branches, we have written to the RBI to verify the code numbers of such branches and confirm that such branches are reflected in the RBI’s records. In addition, information relating to actions taken by any regulatory authorities prior to Fiscal 2012 is not available with our Bank. 

We cannot assure you that these form filings and corporate records will be available in the future or that we will not be subject to any penalty imposed by the competent regulatory authority in this respect or that we will not incur additional expenses arising from our inability to furnish correct particulars in respect of the RoC filings or other corporate records, or for misrepresentation of facts which may occur due to non-availability of documents. 

## **30.** **_We have commissioned and paid for the CRISIL Report which has been used for industry related data in this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

We have commissioned, paid for and relied on the CRISIL Report titled “Banking Industry in India” dated August 2022, which has been paid for and used by us for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Offer, for industry related data that has been 

48 

## disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

The CRISIL Report uses certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. This report is subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. Accordingly, investors should read the industry related disclosure in this Red Herring Prospectus in this context. Such commissioned report has been paid for by our Bank for an agreed amount. 

Industry reports and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Statements from third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amounts may differ materially from those included in this Red Herring Prospectus. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. While industry experts take due care and caution while preparing their reports, they do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the data. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information. 

## **31.** **_We have entered into certain related party transactions, and in future we shall continue to enter into related party transactions in the ordinary course of our business on an arm’s length basis._** 

We have entered into and may in the ordinary course of our business continue to enter into certain transactions with related parties, including with our MD & CEO. For details of the related party transactions during the last three Fiscals, see “ _Financial Statements – Annexure 21 – Note 6.5 Related Party Disclosures_ ” on page 251. The related party transactions taken together for the last three Fiscals being ₹ 283.34 million is not more than 10% (for all three Fiscals) of the total transactions of similar nature, being 3.90%, 1.07% and 0.67% for Fiscal 2020, Fiscal 2021 and Fiscal 2022, respectively. Certain related party transactions also require the approval of our shareholders, where the interested related parties are required to abstain from voting on such resolutions. While we have entered into related party transactions on an arm’s length basis and have obtained the relevant corporate authorizations as required from time to time, we cannot assure you that any related party transactions in future, individually or in aggregate, will not be perceived negatively or will always have a positive effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

## **32.** **_Certain portion of our investments are in the form of debt instruments that are unsecured._** 

As part of our business operations we have taken exposure in the form of debt instruments that are unsecured. As the risk profile of unsecured exposures are usually higher than secured exposures, these are subject to a higher degree of diligence and stricter credit filters as compared to other exposures. Unsecured exposures are governed by product-specific criteria on selection of counterparties, exposure ceilings and commensurate with the risk associated with these products. 

As the risk profile of each of these products vary, we calculate and monitor our exposure to each such product. As of March 31, 2022, our unsecured exposures represent 0.80% of our total loans (gross advances) and investments. We will continue to take such exposures in the future in the ordinary course of our business. Failure to recover our investments, in whole or in part, may result in our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations being adversely affected impacted. 

## **33.** **_The RBI may remove any employee, managerial personnel or may supersede our Bank’s Board of Directors in certain circumstances, which may materially affect our Bank’s business, results of operations, and financial conditions._** 

The Banking Regulation Act confers powers on the RBI to remove from office any chairman, chief executive officer, director or other officers or employees of a bank in certain circumstances, such as, the RBI being satisfied that such act is in public interest or required to prevent the affairs of our Bank from being conducted in a manner detrimental to the interests of the depositors. Further, the RBI, in consultation with the central government, also has the powers to supersede the board of directors of a bank and appoint an administrator to manage our Bank for a period of up to 12 months in certain circumstances. Should any of the steps indicated herein be taken by RBI for any reason in the future, our reputation, business, results of operations, financial conditions and cash flows would be materially and adversely affected. 

## **34.** **_We depend on our brand recognition, and failure to maintain and enhance awareness of our brand_** 

49 

## **_would adversely affect our ability to retain and expand our base of customers._** 

Reputational risk is inherent in our business. The reputation of the financial services industry in general has been closely monitored as a result of the financial crisis and other matters affecting the financial services industry globally and within India. We believe that any damage to the “TMB” brand or to our reputation could substantially impair our ability to maintain or grow our business, or could have an adverse effect on our overall business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If we fail to maintain this brand recognition with our existing and target customers due to any issues with our services and product offerings, a deterioration in distribution or service quality, or otherwise, or if any premium in value attributed to our business or to the brands under which our services are provided declines, market perception and acceptance of our brands by customers may also decline. We also distribute our products and services and facilitate transactions via strategic commercial relationships with external organizations, where in each case we have limited or no control over such third party external organizations. Any negative publicity/ press affecting any of these external organizations can result from actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities and might also affect our reputation and brand value. Although we take steps to minimize reputational risks when dealing with third party organization, in such circumstances, we may not be able to compete for customers effectively, or third party organizations may not want to align themselves with us, and accordingly our business, financial condition and growth prospects may be adversely affected. 

During Fiscal 2019, we altered the tagline in our logo to “BE A STEP AHEAD IN LIFE” from “BE A STEP AHEAD OF LIFE”, trademark for which has been granted on February 21, 2022. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully renew the registration in a timely manner, in the future. As a result, we may not be able to prevent infringement of our trademarks and a passing off action may not provide sufficient protection until such time that this registration is granted. We may also be harmed by the actions of or negative press relating to entities which have similar names. Any unauthorized or inappropriate use of our brand, trademarks and other related intellectual property rights by others in their corporate names or product brands or otherwise could harm our brand image, competitive advantages and business, and dilute or harm our reputation and brand recognition. 

**35.** **_Our Directors are interested in our Bank in addition to the remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Our Directors are interested in our Bank, in addition to regular sitting fees or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, as applicable, and to the extent of Equity Shares held by them and their relatives, directly or indirectly in our Bank, in us as well as to the extent of any dividends or other distributions on such shareholding. We cannot assure you that our Directors will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Bank. Our Directors may take or block actions with respect to our business which may conflict with the best interests of our Bank or that of minority shareholders. For further information on the interest of our Directors, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits, see “ _Our Management_ ” on page 162 and “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 72. 

## **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

## **Risks Related to India** 

**36.** **_Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

The Indian economy and capital markets are influenced by economic, political and market conditions in India and globally. We currently operate only in India and, as a result, are dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India. Our results of operations are significantly affected by factors influencing the Indian economy. Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations, may include: 

- the macroeconomic climate, including, any increase in Indian interest rates or inflation; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse effect on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing for our expansions; 

- prevailing income conditions among Indian consumers and Indian corporates; 

50 

- volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; 

- changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies; 

- political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; 

- occurrence of natural or man-made disasters (such as tsunami, typhoons, flooding, earthquakes and fires) which may cause us to suspend some or all of our operations; 

- civil unrest, acts of violence, terrorist attacks, regional conflicts or situations or war; 

- epidemic, pandemic or any other public health issue in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries, such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID19 pandemic; 

- prevailing regional or global economic conditions, 

- any downgrading of India’s credit rating by a domestic or international rating agency; 

- international business practices that may conflict with other customs or legal requirements to which we are subject, including anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws; 

- protectionist and other adverse public policies, increased regulations or capital investment requirements; 

- logistical and communications challenges; 

- financial instability in financial markets; 

- difficulty in developing any necessary partnerships with local businesses on commercially acceptable terms or on a timely basis; 

- being subject to the jurisdiction of foreign courts, including uncertainty of judicial processes and difficulty enforcing contractual agreements or judgments in foreign legal systems or incurring additional costs to do so; and 

- other significant regulatory or economic developments affecting India 

Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. 

## **37.** **_Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes, including the instances mentioned below, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. 

For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019, a tax legislation issued by India’s Ministry of Finance effective as of September 20, 2019, prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this legislation, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favour of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which reduces the rate of income tax payable to 22% subject to compliance with conditions prescribed, from the erstwhile 25% or 30% depending upon the total turnover or gross receipt in the relevant period. Any such future amendments may affect our other benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest 

51 

received in respect of tax free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

The Finance Act, 2020 (“ **Finance Act** ”), amongst others things, provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime and that dividend distribution tax (“ **DDT** ”), will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident and likely be subject to tax deduction at source. We may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. 

Further, the Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2021, pursuant to which the Finance Bill, 2021 (“ **Finance Bill** ”), has introduced various amendments. The Finance Bill has received assent from the President of India on March 28, 2021, and has been enacted as the Finance Act, 2021. With the assent of the Finance Act 2021, there is a possibility that we may become subject to _inter alia_ additional compliances and increased associated costs. For instance, with effect from July 1, 2021, higher tax deducted at source may become applicable in the event of a failure of certain compliances such as linking Aadhar with permanent account numbers. We have not fully determined the impact of these recent and proposed laws and regulations on our business. Further, the Government of India recently proposed additional tax measures in Finance Act, 2022 and Union Budget for Fiscal 2023 which, among others, requires the taxpayers to explain sources of cash credits, introduces a separate 30% tax on income from virtual digital assets, extended the anti-tax avoidance provision to bonus stripping of securities and repeals the 15% concessional rate on foreign dividends. There is no certainty of how these proposed tax measures may have an impact on our customers and financial institution partners, our business and operations or the industry in which we operate. 

Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. Further, if we are affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of such laws and regulations or any related proceedings, or are required to bear any costs in order to comply with such provisions or to defend such proceedings, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected. 

## **38.** **_Any downgrading of India’s debt rating by an international rating agency could have a negative impact on our business and financial performance._** 

India’s sovereign debt rating could be downgraded due to various factors, including changes in tax or fiscal policy or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves, which are outside our Bank's control. Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings by international rating agencies may adversely affect our ratings, terms on which we are able to raise additional finances or refinance any existing indebtedness. This could have an adverse effect on our business growth and financial performance, ability to obtain financing and the price of the Equity Shares. A decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves may affect liquidity and interest rates in the Indian economy, which could adversely impact us. 

## **39.** **_If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our products at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our merchants, partners and customers and our profits might decline._** 

Inflation rates could be volatile and we may face high inflation in the future as India had witnessed in the past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of salaries, and other expenses relevant to our business. Further, high inflation leading to higher interest rates may also lead to a slowdown in the economy and adversely impact credit growth. Consequently, we may also be affected and fall short of business growth and profitability. 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our operating expenses, which we may not be able 

52 

to pass on to our customers, whether entirely or in part, and the same may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or pass the increase in costs on to our customers. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

While the India Government through the RBI has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect, and there can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not rise in the future. 

## **40.** **_We may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could in turn adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act prohibits any anti competition agreement or arrangement, understanding or action in concert between enterprises, whether formal or informal, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. 

The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. The combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to, and pre-approved by, the Competition Commission of India, or CCI. Any breach of the provisions of Competition Act, may attract substantial monetary penalties. 

The Competition Act aims to, among other things, prohibit all agreements and transactions, which may have an appreciable adverse effect in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside of India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect in India. 

## **41.** **_Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets which could harm our business, our future financial performance, and the prices of the Equity Shares._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market countries in Asia. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets, and indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur again and could harm our business, our future financial performance, and the prices of the Equity Shares. 

## **42.** **_We are subject to regulatory, economic, social, and political uncertainties and other factors beyond our control. Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and the price of the Equity Shares._** 

We are incorporated in India and we conduct our corporate affairs and our business in India. Our Equity Shares are to be listed on the BSE and the NSE. Consequently, our business, operations, financial performance, and the market price of our Equity Shares will be affected by interest rates, government policies, taxation, social and ethnic instability, and other political and economic developments affecting India. 

Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations may include: 

- any exchange rate fluctuations, imposition of currency controls, and restrictions on the right to convert or repatriate currency or export assets; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse effect on economic conditions in India, and scarcity of financing for our expansions; 

- prevailing income conditions among Indian customers and Indian corporations; epidemic or any other public health issue in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; 

53 

   - macroeconomic factors and central bank regulations, including in relation to interest rate movements which may in turn adversely impact our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs; 

   - political instability, including terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; civil unrest, acts of violence, regional conflicts or situations or war may adversely affect the financial markets; 

   - international business practices that may conflict with other customs or legal requirements to which we are subject, including anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws; 

   - logistical and communication challenges; 

   - downgrading of India’s sovereign debt rating by rating agencies; 

   - changes in government policies, including taxation policies, social and civil unrest and other political, social and economic developments in or affecting India; 

   - occurrence of natural calamities and force majeure events; 

   - difficulty in developing any necessary partnerships with local businesses on commercially acceptable terms and/or on a timely basis; and 

   - being subject to the jurisdiction of foreign courts, including uncertainty of judicial processes and difficulty in enforcing contractual agreements or judgments in foreign legal systems or incurring additional costs to do so. 

**43.** **_Financial difficulty and other problems in certain financial and other non-banking financial institutions in India could materially adversely affect our business and the price of our Equity Shares._** 

We are exposed to the risks of the Indian financial system. The financial difficulties faced by certain Indian financial and non-banking financial institutions could materially adversely affect our business because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships. Such “systemic risk” may materially adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, banks, NBFCs, securities firms and exchanges with which we routinely interact on a daily basis. Any such difficulties or instability of the Indian financial system in general could create an adverse market perception about Indian financial institutions and banks and materially adversely affect our business. Our transactions with these financial institutions and other non-banking financial institutions expose us to various risks in the event of default by a counterparty, which can be exacerbated during periods of market illiquidity. 

## **Risks Related to the Offer** 

**44.** **_Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and may experience price and volume fluctuations following the completion of the Offer. We cannot be certain that an active trading market for the Equity Shares will develop or be sustained after this Offering, and, following the Offering, the price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate significantly, which could cause you to suffer substantial losses._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. We cannot guarantee that an active trading market will develop or be sustained after the offering. Nor can we predict the prices at which the Equity Shares may trade after the offering. 

The Offer Price of our Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. If you purchase the Equity Shares in our initial public offering, you may not be able to resell them at or above the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that the initial public offering price of the Equity Shares, or the market price following the Offer, will equal or exceed prices in privately negotiated transactions of our shares that may have occurred from time to time prior to our initial public offering. The market price of the Equity Shares may decline or fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: 

- developments with respect to the spread or worsening of the COVID-19 pandemic; 

54 

- the impact of COVID-19 on our business operations and our ability to be able to provide products to or service customers, and the consequential impact on our results of operations; 

- actual or anticipated fluctuations in our results of operations; 

- announcements about our earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and filings with the regulator; 

- changes in senior management or key personnel; 

- macroeconomic conditions in India; 

- fluctuations of exchange rates; 

- the operating and stock price performance of comparable companies; 

- changes in our shareholder base; 

- changes in our dividend policy; 

- issuances, exchanges or sales, or expected issuances, exchanges or sales; 

- changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 

- changes in the regulatory and legal environment in which we operate; and 

- market conditions in the banking industry and the domestic and worldwide economies as a whole, including in relation to the COVID-19 crisis. 

Any of these factors may result in large and sudden changes in the volume and trading price of the Equity Shares. Following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, shareholders may institute securities class action litigation against that company. If we were involved in a class action suit, it could divert the attention of management, and, if adversely determined, have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

## **45.** **_Investors can be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares or dividend paid thereon._** 

Under current Indian tax laws and regulations, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of equity shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold using any other platform other than on a recognized stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, are subject to long-term capital gains tax in India. Until March 31, 2018, any gain realized on the sale of equity shares, listed on a stock exchange and held for more than 12 months was not subject to capital gains tax in India if STT was paid on the transaction. However, with the enactment of the Finance Act, 2018 the exemption previously granted in respect of payment of long-term capital gains tax has been withdrawn and such taxes are now payable by the investors with effect from April 1, 2018. The Finance Act, 2018 provides that existing investors are eligible for relief on such capital gains accrued until January 31, 2018 and any long-term capital gains made after January 31, 2018 shall be subject to taxation. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short-term capital gains tax in India. In cases where the seller is a non-resident, capital gains arising from the sale of the equity shares will be partially or wholly exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. 

Historically, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain 

55 

upon the sale of the equity shares. 

The Finance Act, 2019 amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020 clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. 

The Government of India recently announced the Union Budget for Fiscal 2023 and the Finance Act, 2022 which, among others, requires the taxpayers to explain sources of cash credits, introduces a separate 30% tax on income from virtual digital assets, extended the anti-tax avoidance provision to bonus stripping of securities and repeals the 15% concessional rate on foreign dividends. We cannot predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act, 2022 and Union Budget for Fiscal 2023 would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, we cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

## **46.** **_Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked securities by us may dilute your shareholding and may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future issuance of the Equity Shares or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us, may dilute your shareholding. Any such future issuance of the Equity Shares or future sales of the Equity Shares by any of our significant shareholders may also adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and impact our ability to raise funds through an offering of our securities. Any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. Additionally, the disposal, pledge or encumbrance of the Equity Shares by any of our significant shareholders, or the perception that such transactions may occur, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that our existing Shareholders will not dispose of further Equity Shares after the completion of the Offer (subject to compliance with the lockin provisions under the SEBI ICDR Regulations) or pledge or encumber their Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of shareholder’s investment in the Equity Shares and adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Such securities may also be issued at prices below the Offer Price. We may also issue convertible debt securities to finance our future growth or fund our business activities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. 

## **47.** **_Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and any restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements, if any. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. In addition, the declaration and payment of dividends is subject to relevant RBI regulations (including RBI circular dated May 4, 2005, as amended). RBI may also restrict the payment of dividends through circulars. For instance, with a view that banks conserve capital in an environment of heightened uncertainty caused by COVID-19, RBI through its circulars dated April 17, 2020 and December 4, 2020 prohibited banks from paying dividends for Fiscal 2020. More recently, RBI through its circular dated April 22, 2021, has allowed payment of dividend of not more than 50% of the dividend payout ratio determined under the RBI’s circular dated May 4, 2005. Similar restrictions may be imposed in the future and we cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. The Bank has not availed of borrowings and there are no contractual covenants that restrict the payment of dividend by the Bank. Apart from the regulatory requirement as disclosed above, there are no covenant which is prejudicial or adverse to the interest of the public shareholders. 

Further, RBI by way of its letter dated June 11, 2019 in relation to non-compliance of Section 12(1) of 

56 

the Banking Regulation Act, had imposed certain restrictions, _inter alia,_ (a) on declaration and distribution of interim or final dividend by our Bank until further orders from the RBI; and (b) on opening of new branches without prior approval of RBI. For details, see “– _We will be unable to open new branches unless we are listed and are also required to obtain prior permission from the RBI to open new branches_ ” on page 35. 

## **48.** **_Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to take six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

## **49.** **_We are a professionally managed bank and do not have any identifiable promoter in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Companies Act, 2013._** 

Our Bank is a professionally managed bank and does not have any identifiable promoter in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Companies Act 2013. Accordingly, in terms of Regulation 14(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, there is no requirement of minimum promoter’s contribution in the Offer and as a result, none of the Equity Shares will be locked in for a period of eighteen months pursuant to the Offer. 

## **50.** **_Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds have not been appraised, and our management will have broad discretion over the use of the Net Proceeds._** 

We intend to utilize the Net Proceeds to augment our Tier-I capital base to meet our future capital requirements, which are expected to arise out of growth in our assets, primarily our loans/advances and investment portfolio, and to ensure regulatory requirements on capital adequacy prescribed by the RBI from time to time. For further details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 81. As stipulated in Regulation 41 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, we are not required to appoint a monitoring agency for the use of the Net Proceeds, and we do not intend to do so. Our proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds has not been appraised and it is based on management estimates. Under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, we are not required to appoint a monitoring agency for the Offer and deployment of the Fresh Offer proceeds will be entirely at our discretion. Our management will therefore have broad discretion to use the Net Proceeds. Various risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in this section, may limit or delay our efforts to use of the Net Proceeds to achieve profitable growth in our business. Accordingly, the use of the Net Proceeds may not result in the growth of our business or increased profitability. 

## **51.** **_QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While we are required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to 

57 

sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

## **52.** **_Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations which are currently in force in India, transfer of shares between nonresidents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified under applicable law. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and does not fall under any of the exceptions, then prior approval of the relevant regulatory authority is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. Further, this conversion is subject to the shares having been held on a repatriation basis and, either the security having been sold in compliance with the pricing guidelines or, the relevant regulatory approval having been obtained for the sale of shares and corresponding remittance of the sale proceeds. Further, acquisition of shares in a bank are subject to applicable law and additional requirements prescribed by the RBI. For details, see “– _Prospective Investors will not, without prior RBI approval, be able to acquire Equity Shares if such acquisition would result in an individual or group holding 5.00% or more of our share capital or voting rights; you may not be able to exercise voting rights in excess of 26.00% of the total voting rights of our Bank_ ” above on page 34. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained with or without any particular terms or conditions. For further details, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 343. Our ability to raise any foreign capital under the FDI route is therefore constrained by Indian law, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects. 

As an Indian bank, we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources and could constrain our ability to obtain financings on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, we cannot assure you that any required regulatory approvals for borrowing in foreign currencies will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. Limitations on foreign debt may have an adverse effect on our business growth, financial condition and results of operations. 

58 

