# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in the Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider risks described below as well as other information as may be disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus before making an investment in the Equity Shares. Risks described in this section are those that we consider to be the most significant to our business, results of operations and financial condition as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. In addition, risks set out in this section may not be exhaustive and additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or which we currently deem to be immaterial, may arise or may become material in the future. If any or a combination of the following risks or other risks that are not currently known or are now deemed immaterial actually occur, our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition could suffer, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. Unless specified in the relevant risk factor below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial implication of any of the risks mentioned below. Any potential investor in the Equity Shares should pay particular attention to the fact that we are subject to a regulatory environment in India which may differ significantly from that in other jurisdictions. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examinations of us and the terms of the Offer, including merits and risks involved. Prospective investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. For further details, see “Our Business” on page 123, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on page 233,, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and results of operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisers about the particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For details, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 22._ 

_Industry and market data used in this section have been extracted from the report titled “Global and Indian Laboratory Plasticware Equipment Market” dated October 28, 2021 prepared and released by Frost & Sullivan, commissioned and paid for by our Company for an agreed fee, exclusively for the purpose of this Offer. We entered into a letter agreement dated April 20, 2021 with Frost & Sullivan, in connection with the preparation of the Frost & Sullivan Report for the purpose of the Offer._ 

_Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information used in this section is derived from our Restated Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus on page 174._ 

# **INTERNAL RISKS** 

# **Risks Relating to Our Company** 

**_1. Our end customers expect us to maintain high quality standards and any failure by us to comply with such quality standards may have an adverse effect on demand from end customers and on our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are committed to ensuring and maintaining the required industry and regulatory compliance standards while providing high quality products to our end customers. We have emphasized on building strong quality management systems in our manufacturing processes as well as the raw materials used for manufacturing our products. We believe that our Company is expected to maintain high quality standards at par with global MNCs which are its major competitors and any failure by us to maintain compliance with these quality standards may disrupt our ability to supply products which meet our end customers’ requirements. This may further lead to loss of reputation and goodwill of our Company, cancellation of the orders, loss of end customers, rejection of the product, which will require us to incur additional cost, that may not be borne by the end customer, to replace the rejected product, which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

Our failure to comply with applicable quality standards could also result in our products failing to perform as expected or alleged to result in failure of experiments or contaminated or inaccurate results if our products are defective or are used incorrectly by our end customers. 

We have also emphasized on building strong quality management system and our manufacturing team also follows QAQC process to ensure the quality of the product and to meet end customer expectations. Further, we have received various quality certifications for our products and manufacturing facilities including ISO 9001:2015 dated September 16, 2021 and ISO 13485:2016/NS-EN ISO 13485:2016 accreditation for quality management systems dated March 2, 2021, covering our business operations of Jangalpur and Dhulagarh manufacturing units. For further details, see “ _Our Business – Manufacturing Facilities_ ” on pages 136 and 137. These certificates are not subject to annual review. In addition, we have 

24 

received CE-IVD certification dated August 2, 2021 issued by mdi Europa GmbH for our products which include micro and macro tips, cryo vials, centrifuge tubes, transfer pipettes, PCR tubes and strips, petri dish and contact plates. The CEIVD certification obtained by our Company is subject to annual review. The quality control certifications obtained by our Company are subject to annual audits. For further details, see _“Our Business – Quality Control”_ on page 140. 

If we fail to comply with applicable quality standards in future, in a timely manner or at all or if the relevant accreditation institute declines to certify our products, or if we are otherwise unable to obtain such quality accreditations in the future, within time or at all, our business prospects and financial performance may be affected. 

Our relationship with some of our end customers is, therefore, dependent to a large extent on our ability to regularly meet their requirements, including consistent product quality. Any significant failure or deterioration of our quality management systems could result in defective or substandard products, which, in turn, may result in delays in the delivery of our products and the need to replace defective or substandard products. It may further lead to decrease in orders or cessation of business from affected end customers which, in turn, may adversely impact our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_2. Our Company imports over 75.00% of our raw materials and any delay, interruption, or reduction in the supply of raw materials to manufacture our products may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition_ .** 

We identify and approve multiple third-party suppliers, from whom we procure raw materials, packaging material and services, including in relation to radiation and disinfection of our products. We primarily rely on medical grade polymers such as PP, PS, HDPE, LDPE and other materials. Our Company imports over 75.00% of its raw materials and purchases specialized grades of plastic resins from global suppliers located across countries. As of June 30, 2021, top 5 regions/countries from which our Company imports raw material are Europe, Singapore, USA, Malaysia and Taiwan accounting for 44.49%, 16.73%, 14.22%, 10.63%, and 7.60% of the total raw materials imported, respectively. For the three months ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 and in Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, purchase of raw materials accounted for 79.89%, 77.60%, 76.12%, 76.65% and 77.64% respectively of total raw materials purchased by our Company. Further, our purchase of raw materials from our top ten suppliers accounted for 76.79% of our total purchases of raw material as of June 30, 2021. Our Company does not have any binding advance purchase arrangements with its raw material suppliers. 

Our cost of material consumed accounted for 43.16%, 27.01%, 31.64%, 30.05% and 32.77% of our total expenses for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 and in Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Our ability to sustain our margins has been, and will continue to be, dependent in part upon our ability to obtain favourable terms from our suppliers. These terms may change from time to time, and such changes could affect our margins over time. In addition, as we may not be a major customer of some of our suppliers, they may prioritize the orders of other customers over us. If our suppliers fail to provide the raw materials or services in a timely manner or at all for any reason, our manufacturing capacities could be disrupted. Any reductions or interruptions in the supply of raw materials or services, inability on our part to find alternate sources for the procurement of such raw materials or disruption/termination in arrangements for other services may have an effect on our ability to manufacture or deliver our products in a timely or cost effective manner. The occurrence of any such event may affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

We have material exposure to foreign exchange related risks since a significant portion of our revenue from operations are in foreign currency, including the USD. Our average expense in foreign currency incurred for purchase of raw material and capital goods in the last three Fiscals accounted for 76.80% and 57.24%, respectively of the total purchases by our Company. Our overseas sales in three months ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 and in Fiscal 2021 accounted for ₹176.51 million, ₹126.25 million, and ₹755.91 million representing 25.53%, 30.05% and 33.02% of revenue from operations. Similarly, a significant portion of our expenses, including cost of imported raw material and machinery, are denominated in currencies other than Indian Rupees. Our expenses in foreign currency incurred for purchase of raw material for the three months ended June 30, 2021 accounted for ₹185.96 million and for three months ended June 30, 2020 accounted for ₹92.34 million. Our expenses in foreign currency incurred for purchase of raw material and capital goods for Fiscal ending March 31, 2021 accounted for 76.12% and 49.63%, for Fiscal ending March 31, 2020 accounted for 76.65% and 80.49% and for Fiscal ending March 31, 2019 accounted for 77.64% and 46.61%, respectively, of the import on total purchases by our Company. Although we closely follow our exposure to foreign currencies, we do not enter into hedging transactions specifically, given our Company has a natural hedge since both our export of products and import of raw materials are dominated in foreign currencies both of which are transacted through our common EEFC accounts, these activities are not always sufficient to protect us against incurrinsg potential losses if currencies fluctuate significantly. In addition, the policies of the RBI may also change from time to time, which may limit our ability to effectively hedge our foreign currency exposures and may have an effect on our results of operations and cash flows _._ 

**_3. The geographical concentration of all our manufacturing facilities, which are in West Bengal, with 86.32% of our total manufacturing revenue contributed by our manufacturing units located at Dhulagarh and Jangalpur as of Fiscal 2021, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

25 

As of June 30, 2021, we have five manufacturing facilities located in West Bengal, of which two units are in Burroshibtolla, two units in Howrah and one unit at Kasba Industrial Estate located in West Bengal. As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, all of our income is derived from our manufacturing facilities. Our Registered and Corporate Offices are located on leased premises. Further, some of our manufacturing facilities are located on premises leased from third parties. The tenure of the leases is generally agreed in the relevant lease agreements and in some cases are subject to renewal after the agreed period of time. The term of lease agreements for premises where our Registered and Corporate Offices and some of our manufacturing facilities are located, ranges from 75 years to 99 years. The table below sets forth the details of our manufacturing facilities, material terms of the lease deeds, including the details of our lessors, terms of lease, lease rent and status of registration of the lease agreements is set out below as of September 30, 2021. For further details, see “Our Business – Manufacturing Facilities” and “Our Business – Properties” on pages 136 and 144 respectively 

|**S.**<br>**No**<br>**.**|**Units**|**Name/**<br>**Location**|**Manufacturi**<br>**ng revenue**<br>**contribution**<br>**in Fiscal 2021**<br>**(%)**|**Land**<br>**area (in**<br>**sq. mts.)**|**Propert**<br>**y**<br>**(Leased**<br>**or**<br>**owned)**|**Lessors**|**Lease**<br>**Rent**<br>**as**<br>**on**<br>**Septembe**<br>**r 30, 2021**|<br> <br>**Lease**<br>**Tenure**|**Status**<br>**of**<br>**Registratio**<br>**n**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|1.|Jangalpur|Jalan<br>Industrial<br>Complex,<br>Jangalpur,<br>Howrah<br>711411,<br>West Bengal|57.77|15,142.3<br>9|Owned|-|-|Not<br>applicabl<br>e|Registered|
|2.|Dhulagarh|Master plot<br>No.<br>PPF-1,<br>Dhulagarh,<br>Howrah<br>711106,<br>West Bengal|28.55|4,046.86|Leased|West<br>Bengal<br>Industrial<br>Developme<br>nt<br>Corporation|₹1<br>per<br>year|<br>99 years<br>from<br>Decembe<br>r<br>17,<br>2007|<br> <br>Registered|
|3.|Burroshibtol<br>la II|22,<br>Burroshibtol<br>la<br>Main<br>Road,<br>Kolkata<br>700038,<br>West Bengal|5.99|1,022.00|Leased|Pansari<br>Developers<br>Private<br>Limited|₹5,084 per<br>month|<br>Not<br>provided<br>in<br>the<br>lease<br>deed|<br>Not<br>registered|
|4.|Burroshibtol<br>la I|36/A/4,<br>Burroshibtol<br>la<br>Main<br>Road,<br>Kolkata<br>700038,<br>West Bengal|4.54|530.00|Leased|Lessor<br>1:<br>Ramesh<br>Kumar<br>Chowdhury<br>,<br>Lessor<br>2:<br>Ramesh<br>Kumar<br>Chowdhury<br>HUF,<br>Lessor<br>3:<br>Sandip<br>Shroff|Lessor 1:<br>₹8,543 per<br>month<br>Lessor 2:<br>₹.8,320<br>per month<br>Lessor 3:<br>₹2,489 per<br>month|<br> <br> <br> <br> <br>Not<br>provided<br>in<br>the<br>lease<br>deed|<br>Not<br>registered|



26 

|**S.**<br>**No**<br>**.**|**Units**|**Name/**<br>**Location**|**Manufacturi**<br>**ng revenue**<br>**contribution**<br>**in Fiscal 2021**<br>**(%)**|**Land**<br>**area (in**<br>**sq. mts.)**|**Propert**<br>**y**<br>**(Leased**<br>**or**<br>**owned)**|**Lessors**|**Lease**<br>**Rent**<br>**as**<br>**on**<br>**Septembe**<br>**r 30, 2021**|**Lease**<br>**Tenure**|**Status**<br>**of**<br>**Registratio**<br>**n**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|||||||Lessor<br>4:<br>Sandip<br>Shroff (DP)|Lessor 4:<br>₹3,732 per<br>month|||
|5.|Kasba|P-1,<br>Kasba<br>Industrial<br>Estate,<br>Kolkata<br>700107,<br>West Bengal|3.15|514.96|Leased|West<br>Bengal<br>Small<br>Industries<br>Developme<br>nt<br>Corporation|₹1,3791.6<br>7 per year|75 years<br>from<br>Novemb<br>er<br>25,<br>1999|<br> <br>Registered|



Due to the geographic concentration of our manufacturing units in West Bengal, our operations are susceptible to local and regional factors, such as accidents, system failures, civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic and political events in India, weather conditions, natural disasters, regional conflicts and demographic and population changes, and other unforeseen events and circumstances. For instance, we faced delays in supply of products to our distributors due to unavailability of transporters in the months of April 2020 and May 2020 due to COVID-19. Further, operations of our Company’s manufacturing facilities were impacted due to super cyclone Amphan in the month of May 2020, however, the financial impact of the super cyclone Amphan on our Company was negligible. Any damage or destruction of or interruption of activities or capacity constraints in our manufacturing units will result in a temporary disruption of our manufacturing abilities for our product segments resulting in delays in shipments of such goods to our distributors/end customers. Additionally, any damage or stoppage of work in our manufacturing units located in West Bengal or delay in procurement of raw materials or shipment of our products due to congestion at the Kolkata port may severely affect our ability to meet the demands of distributors/end customers and the loss of any of distributors/ end customers or a significant reduction in their demand could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition to the manufacturing units set out in the table above, our Company also uses certain other properties. The material terms of the lease deeds, including the details of our lessors, terms of lease, lease rent and status of registration of the lease agreements in relation to those properties, as of September 30, 2021 is set out below: For further details, see “Our Business – Manufacturing Facilities” on page 136: 

|**Location**|**Lessors**|**Term of lease**<br>**(years)**|**Lease rent**<br>**as on September 30,**<br>**2021**|**Status of**<br>**registration**<br>**of the lease**<br>**agreement**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Martin<br>Burn<br>Business Park|Martin<br>Burn<br>Information<br>Technology Private Limited|99 Years with a right<br>to renew for two<br>terms of 99 years<br>each|₹1,698/ month|Not<br>registered|
|Martin<br>Burn<br>Business Park|Martin<br>Burn<br>Information<br>Technology Private Limited|99 Years with a right<br>to renew for two<br>terms of 99 years<br>each|₹775/month|Not<br>registered|
|Dhulagarh<br>Godown|Sandeep Kumar Baid|11 months|₹1,87,488/ month|Not<br>Registered|
|Noida<br>Marketing|AMSM Corporate Service LLP|36 Months|₹58,000/ month|Not<br>registered|



27 

|**Location**|**Lessors**|**Term of lease**<br>**(years)**|**Lease rent**<br>**as on September 30,**<br>**2021**|**Status of**<br>**registration**<br>**of the lease**<br>**agreement**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Office|||||
|Bangalore<br>Marketing<br>office|Paresh Nanji|36 months|₹35,000/ month|Not<br>registered|



Our Company has not breached terms of any lease agreements in the past and none of the lease agreements are entered into with any related party. While there are currently no instances of non-compliance of the terms of our lease agreements, there can be no assurance that there will be no such non-compliance leading to termination or of such leases in the future. Any change in the terms and conditions of the lease agreements and any premature termination of such lease agreements may have an adverse impact on our operations. Any impact on the title, ownership rights, development rights of the owners from whose premises we operate, breach of the contractual terms of any lease, leave and license agreements, or any inability to renew such agreements on acceptable terms may also affect our operations. In addition, the terms of certain of our leases require us to obtain the lessor’s prior consent for certain actions, including making structural alterations to the leased premises, which may be required if we were to undertake an expansion in the future. There can be no assurance that we will be able to renew these leasing arrangements at commercially favourable terms, or at all. In the event, we are unable to renew all or any of our leasing arrangements, it may cause disruptions in our business and we may incur substantial costs associated with shifting to new premises, all of which may adversely affect our business operations.” 

**_4. One of our manufacturing facilities, located in Jalan Industrial Complex at Jangalpur, which contributed 58.00% of the total sale realisation of our Company, in Fiscal 2021 is situated on land for which our Company has received approval for conversion of partial land. The requisite approvals for conversion of remaining land, have been pending since the year 2006, and therefore may be subject to regulatory action and litigation._** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has five operational manufacturing facilities. The manufacturing facility of our Company located in Jalan Industrial Complex at Jangalpur (“ **Jangalpur** ”) admeasuring approximately 3.50 acres is owned by our Company (“ **Jangalpur Land”** ). This represents less than 25.00% of the total land available to our Company (in all forms) and as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, the approval for conversion of majority part of the Jangalpur Land from agricultural land to non-agriculture land is yet to be received. For Fiscal 2021, Jangalpur facility contributed 58.00%, of the total sale realisation of our Company. Our Company has appointed Krishna Gopal Kedia as a consultant to liaise with the respective government authority for assisting our Company in converting the Jangalpur Land from agricultural land to non-agriculture land. Accordingly, our Company has received approval for conversion of 1.51 acres of the Jangalpur Land out of the total 3.50 acres of Jangalpur Land in September, 2021. 

Under Section 4C of the West Bengal Land Reforms Act, 1955, specific approval is required to be obtained for changing the use, area or character of agricultural land to non-agricultural for land. Our Company has, in the past, by way of applications dated September 15, 2006 and September 25, 2006, applied for conversion of the Jangalpur Land to nonagricultural purpose for the purposes of construction of a manufacturing facility and a warehouse against which our Company has received approval on September, 2021 for conversion of 1.51 acres of the Jangalpur Land, however, our Company is yet to receive the requisite approvals for remaining 1.99 acres of Jangalpur Land as on date of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Under the West Bengal Land Reforms Act, 1955, the competent authority has powers to direct restoration of the original character of the land if it considers that such order would be necessary in the public interest. In case such an order is passed, it may result in the relevant authority directing for discontinuation of our use of the Jangalpur Land for commercial purpose and restoration of the original character of the Jangalpur Land within a specified time. Any unscheduled or prolonged disruption of our operations at Jangalpur on account of an adverse order due to non-conversion of the remaining 1.99 acres of Jangalpur Land could adversely affect sales and revenues from Jangalpur during such period. 

While we have purchased land admeasuring approximately five acres at Panchla for the purpose of expanding our production levels (“ **Panchla Land** ”), however, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, the facility at Panchla Land is still in the process of being constructed and manufacturing, is expected to be commissioned by August 2023. For further details, including the cost for setting the Panchla Facility see “ _Object of the Offer - Proposed schedule of implementation of the Proposed Expansion_ ” on page 79. Further, in case of an adverse order, the sunk cost (i.e. the written down value) of the building on the Jangalpur Land will amount upto `77.23 million and we may have to identify another facility similar to Jangalpur on rent or on lease in some other location, however, there is no assurance that we will be able to substitute Jangalpur and there is no assurance that such re-location would result in resuming the same level of production levels. 

28 

Accordingly, any adverse regulatory action due to non-conversion of the remaining 1.99 acres of Jangalpur Land to nonagriculture land or adverse conditions in the conversion approval will have a significant adverse effect on the revenues, financial condition, results of operations and reputation of our Company. 

**_5. Our business is dependent on our distribution network and our inability to effectively manage our existing distribution network in the domestic market or overseas market or to further expand our distribution network in overseas market may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We have a sales and distribution network of 186 active distributors as on June 30, 2021, comprising 141 active distributors in the domestic market with region-wise split of 42 distributors in the North, 34 distributors in the East, 11 distributors in the West, 36 distributors in the South and 18 distributors in the Central India contributing to 18%, 13%, 24%, 39% and 6%, respectively, of the total sales of our Company in Fiscal 2021 and 45 distributors in the overseas market catering to a diverse set of end customers. For details, see _“Our Business – Our Customers”_ on page 135 and _“Our Business – Distribution Network_ ” on page 133. 

Our sales and marketing team works closely with the distributors and sub-distributors to understand consumer preferences, and to receive feedback on our products and that of our competition, which enables us to formulate an effective strategy for sales, marketing and pricing. We typically supply our products directly to our authorized distributors who in turn sell our products to end customers across India and none of our distributors are exclusive to our Company. Further, the agreements which our Company has entered with the distributors state the terms of payment and sale and distribution of our Company’s products. There are no binding agreements with any of our Company’s distributors on annual basis or for advance purchases. Our Company earned revenues of ₹1,403.32 million and ₹755.91 million for Fiscal 2021 and ₹455.15 million and ₹172.81 million for three months ended June 30, 2021 from our domestic distributors and overseas distributors respectively which accounted for 61.57% and 33.17% of our total revenue from operations, as of March 31, 2021 and 66.09% and 25.09% of our total revenue from operations, for three months ended June 30, 2021, respectively. The average duration of our Company’s contractual relationship with its domestic distributors, as of March 31, 2021 and as of June 30, 2021, was over 10 years. Our distributors mostly maintain inventory of a wide range of products available in our catalogue which helps in improving product availability to end customers. With a prominent distribution led model, our Company typically sells products at a discounted rate to the distributors based on a price fixed for sales. Further, our Company also markets and sells its products through online platforms which accounted for 0.01% of total revenue from operations of our Company as of June 2021. 

Our ability to expand and grow our product reach significantly depends on the reach and effective management of our distribution network. We cannot assure you that we will succeed in identifying or appointing new distributors in overseas market or effectively manage our existing distribution network in domestic market and overseas market, in a timely manner or at all. If the terms offered by our competitors are more favourable than those offered by us, our distributors may decline to distribute our products and terminate their arrangements with us. 

Our competitors may adopt innovative distribution models such as sales through online platforms, which could be more effective than traditional distribution models resulting in a reduction in the sales of our products. We may also face disruptions in the delivery of our products for various reasons beyond our control, including poor handling by distributors of our products, transportation bottlenecks, natural disasters and labour issues, which could lead to delayed or lost deliveries. In addition, failure to provide distributors with sufficient inventories of our products may result in a reduction in the sales of our products. If our distributors fail to distribute our products in a timely manner, or adhere to the terms of the distribution agreement, or if our distribution arrangements are terminated, or if we are unable to effectively introduce any new distribution model, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_6. The COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency, could materially and adversely impact our business results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

The COVID-19 pandemic has caused volatility in the global economy and significant shifts in the prices of raw materials that we purchase as well as the prices of, and demand for, the products that we sell. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency could have, repercussions across regional and global economies and financial markets. The outbreak of COVID-19 in many countries, including India has significantly and adversely impacted economic activity, has resulted in supply chain disruptions as well as disruptions in production due to restrictions imposed by various authorities, leading to significant volatility and negative pressure in the financial markets. It is possible that the outbreak of COVID-19 can cause a prolonged global economic crisis, recession or depression, despite monetary and fiscal interventions by governments and central banks globally. 

The global impact of the outbreak has been rapidly evolving. As cases of COVID-19 have continued to be identified in additional countries, many jurisdictions, including the governments of India, the United States and other markets in which we conduct business, have reacted by instituting restrictive measures including invoking lock downs and quarantines, requiring the closure of non-essential businesses and placing restrictions on the types of businesses that may continue to operate, mandating restrictions on travel, implementing “shelter-in-place” rules and “stay-at-home” orders, and enforcing 

29 

remote working regulations. No prediction can be made of when any of the restrictions currently in place will be relaxed or expire, or whether or when further restrictions will be announced. Although some governments are beginning to ease or lift these restrictions, the impacts from the severe disruptions caused by the effective shutdown of large segments of the global economy or localised lockdowns remain unknown. 

On March 24, 2020, the GoI ordered a national lockdown in response to the spread of COVID-19. In Fiscal 2021, the world has been, and continues to be, impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Resurgence of the virus or a variant of the virus in March 2021, that causes a rapid increase in cases and deaths, has resulted in several Indian states and countries re-imposing lockdown restrictions to control the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, which if prolonged, may cause significant economic disruption in India and the rest of the world. These measures have impacted and may have a further impact on our workforce and operations in India and overseas jurisdictions in which we operate as well as the business of our end customers and suppliers. COVID-19 impacts that had subsided may again impact our business in the future and new impacts may emerge, particularly given the rise of COVID-19 cases in India in the first half of the calendar year 2021. 

Our business was determined to be operating in an essential industry, which allowed us to continue our operations subsequent to the introduction of the lockdown in India, subject to certain adjustments in working patterns. The pandemic impacted end customer activity in scientists’ community negatively in the first half of the month of March 2020 as most scientists across the country were unable to access their research labs. Further, we faced delays in supply of products to our distributors due to unavailability of transporters in the months of April, 2020 and May, 2020 due to COVID-19. However, demand for certain SKUs increased due to their use in RT-PCR testing kits and research and studies conducted by pharmaceutical companies relating to COVID-19 which compensated reduced demand from our conventional end customers. The pandemic has also resulted in an increase in demand for laboratory investigations, vaccine development activities and clinical trials which will result in increased expenditure on labware ( _Source: Frost & Sullivan Report_ ). 

We faced supply chain disruptions which impacted our sales for a brief period in the June 2020 quarter, due to the movement restrictions in India and globally to curb the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, there was a decrease in our production and sales during this period. Additionally, in Fiscal 2021, we did not have sufficient capacity to meet rapid increase in order quantities of our SKUs such as filter tips, centrifuge tubes, transfer pipette due to restrictions imposed during the COVID-19 pandemic and some of our end customers had to resort to alternate sources to meet their requirements. 

There can be no assurance that there will not be any material impact on our operations if the outbreak of COVID-19 is not effectively controlled. Further, there can be no assurance that further restrictions will not be introduced or that we will continue to retain such essential status. We may be required to quarantine employees that are suspected of being infected of COVID-19, as well as others that have come into contact with those employees or shut down our manufacturing facilities as a health measure, which could have an adverse effect on our business operations or result in a delay in the production and supply of products to our end customers in a timely manner. 

The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our Company’s business going forward will depend on a range of factors which it is not able to accurately predict, including the duration and scope of the pandemic, the geographies impacted, the impact of the pandemic on economic activity and the nature and severity of measures adopted by governments, including restrictions on travel, mandates to avoid large gatherings and orders to self-quarantine or shelter in place. The COVID-19 pandemic has led to sharp reduction in growth rates of various economies and the ultimate impact on the global economy remains uncertain. The COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency could therefore materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_7. Our inability to implement enhanced and efficient manufacturing processes in our business operations as per industry standards could affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

We have a continued focus on product and process improvement. Our manufacturing facilities, located at Dhulagarh and Jangalpur, that contribute majority to the revenue of our Company, are equipped with automated support systems. We believe that maintaining high standards of process innovation and quality in manufacturing operations is critical to our brand and maintenance of long-term relationships with our end use customers. The industry in which we operate is subject to constant introduction of enhanced processes with continued efforts to reduce cost of operations. 

Our success depends significantly on our expertise in manufacturing process of our products which involves usage of clean rooms with high degree of automation for complex processing of medical grade polymers. With the help of our process innovation, automation and R&D, we have optimized use of raw materials, enhanced yields, reduced process cycle time, built well equipped clean rooms and consequently, increased cost competitiveness. As a result, we believe, we have been successful in producing premium quality products consistently and supplying them to our end customers in a timely manner. However, there can be no assurance that we will continue to secure the necessary knowledge regarding productivity improvement of existing manufacturing processes, optimization of use of raw materials, process cycle time reductions as per evolving industry standards. If we are unable to obtain such knowledge in a timely manner, or at all, we may be unable to effectively implement our strategies, respond to industry trends by developing and offering cost effective products, and our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

30 

Additionally, while we strive to keep our facilities and machinery aligned with the latest international standards, the facilities and machineries we currently employ may become obsolete. The cost of introducing new equipment and upgrading our manufacturing facilities could be significant and higher than initially anticipated. Consequently, our inability to implement efficient and enhanced manufacturing processes may impact our plans to expand our product portfolio and launch new SKUs and could affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_8. Our continued operations are critical to our business and any shutdown of any of our manufacturing facilities may have an adverse effect on our profitability, business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows financial condition and prospects._** 

We have five manufacturing facilities which are subject to certain operating risks, such as the breakdown or failure of equipment, power supply or processes, performance below expected levels of efficiency, obsolescence of equipment or machinery, labour disputes, natural disasters, industrial accidents and the need to comply with the directives of relevant government and regulatory authorities. The majority of our revenue is presently from sale of products manufactured at these manufacturing facilities, therefore, any disruption to any of our manufacturing facilities may result in production shutdowns. For details in relation to the manufacturing revenue contribution from each manufacturing unit in Fiscal 2021, see _“Risk Factor 2 – The geographical concentration of all our manufacturing facilities, which are in West Bengal, with 86.32% of our total manufacturing revenue contributed by our manufacturing units located at Dhulagarh and Jangalpur as of Fiscal, 2021, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition”_ on page 25. Certain of our manufacturing facilities are currently operating on land parcels which are held on a long-term leasehold basis. 

As our distributors/end customers rely significantly on the timely delivery of our products, uninterrupted power supply, supply of trained and skilled manpower, availability of raw materials and our ability to carry on interruption free production of our products is critical to our business. While our electricity requirements for our manufacturing facilities are directly sourced from West Bengal Electricity Board and CESC, we cannot assure you that we will successfully be able to prevent disruptions in our manufacturing processes in case of non-availability of adequate supply of power. 

In particular, if operations at our manufacturing facilities were to be disrupted as a result of any significant workplace accident, equipment failure, natural disaster, power outage, fire, explosion, terrorism, adverse weather conditions, labour dispute or unrest, obsolescence or other reasons, our financial performance may be adversely affected as a result of our inability to meet distributors/end customer demand or committed delivery schedules for our products. Interruptions in production may also increase our costs and reduce our sales, and may require us to make substantial capital expenditures to remedy the situation or to defend litigation that we may become involved in as a result, which may negatively affect our profitability, business, results of operations, cash flows financial condition and prospects. 

**_9. Our manufacturing capacity may not correspond precisely to distributors and end customers’ demands. An inability to effectively utilize our manufacturing capacities may affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

We believe that with our expertise in precision processing of polymers and understanding of the trends in laboratory requirements, we provide a diverse range of labware products. Our broad range of products allows our distributors and end customers to source most of their product categories from a single vendor and enables us to expand our business from existing end customers, as well as address a larger base of potential distributors and end customers. We have an operational efficiency brought by our automated manufacturing units which has enabled us to consistently deliver quality products to our distributors and end customers. However, our distributors and end customers may require us to have a certain percentage of excess capacity that would allow us to meet unexpected increases in purchase orders. The volume and timing of sales to our distributors and end customers may vary due to a number of reasons, including but not limited to a variation in demand for our distributors’ and end customers’ products, our distributors’ and end customers’ endeavors to manage their inventory, design changes, changes in their product mix, manufacturing strategy and growth strategy, and macroeconomic factors affecting the economy in general and our distributors and end customers in particular. 

While the installed/utilized capacity of our injection moulding machines cannot be ascertained as the same is dependent on the SKU manufactured, mould, raw materials and other relevant details, utilization of machines and moulds is affected by the availability of raw materials, industry/market conditions as well as by the product requirements of, and procurement practice followed by, our distributors and end customers. In the event that we are unable to procure sufficient raw materials, we would not be able to effectively utilize our current manufacturing facilities, resulting in operational inefficiencies which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Further, if our distributors and end customers place orders for less than anticipated volume or cancel existing orders or change their policies resulting in reduced quantities being supplied by us, it could result in the under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities. Further, we make significant decisions, including determining the levels of business that we will seek and accept, production schedules, personnel requirements and other resource requirements, based on our estimates of our distributors and end customer orders. The changes in demand for their products (which are in turn manufactured by us) could reduce our ability to estimate future customer requirements, make it difficult to schedule production and lead to over production or utilization of our manufacturing capacity for a particular product. Any such mismatch leading to over or under utilization of our 

31 

manufacturing facilities could affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. For example, during Fiscal 2021, we faced an increase in pending orders for certain SKUs such as pipette tips, centrifuge tube, storage vial and cryo vial for which our Company could not meet the demand. 

Occasionally, our distributors and end customers may require rapid increase in order quantities beyond our available capacity, and we may not have sufficient capacity at any given time to meet sharp increases in these requirements. While we strive to ensure that there is no underutilization of the production line, our inability to forecast the level of distributors and end customer demand for our products, as well as inability to accurately schedule our raw material purchases and production and manage our inventory, may adversely affect our business and cash flows from operations. In addition, our inability to accurately forecast demand of our products and any consequent mismatch in production demand and our capacity can adversely affect our profitability or results of operations. 

# **_10. Our proposed capacity expansion plans relating to our manufacturing facilities are subject to the risk of unanticipated delays in implementation and cost overruns._** 

We have made and intend to continue making investments to expand the capacity of our manufacturing facilities to aid our growth efforts. We intend to use a part of the Net Proceeds to develop a new manufacturing facility in Panchla, West Bengal to expand capacities in our popular product segments and launch new product segments (“ **Proposed Expansion** ”). We plan to progress development of this facility in a phased manner. This facility at Panchla is intended to be funded from a combination of internal accruals and proceeds of the Offer Further, we intend to develop a new fulfilment centre in Amta at par with global standards. In this regard, we have acquired 3.26 acres at Islampur (Amta) out of the total proposed land of 5.95 acres as of September 30, 2021. 

The total estimated cost for the Proposed Expansion is ₹827.02 million. We propose to fund the cost of the Proposed Expansion as follows: 

|||(in ₹ million)|
|---|---|---|
|**Source of fund**|**Total estimated cost**||
|Net Proceeds||620.00|
|Internalaccruals||207.02<sup>(1)</sup>|
|**Total**||**827.02**<sup>(2)</sup>|



> _(1) On October 25, 2021, our Company has deployed an amount equivalent to ₹55.75 million towards this object as certified by Price Waterhouse Chartered Accountants LLP, our Statutory Auditors vide certificate dated November 8, 2021. The remaining cost of ₹151.27 million will be funded from internal accruals by our Company. The costs incurred by our Company for acquisition of land do not form part of the total estimated cost of the Proposed Expansion._ 

> _(2) Total estimated cost, excluding GST, as per certificate dated October 28, 2021 issued by Kalyan Bhattacharya in respect of the Proposed Expansion_ 

Any subsequent initial expenditure in relation to the Proposed Expansion will be funded from our internal accruals until the Net Proceeds are available to our Company. 

We also aim to build an inhouse sterilization centre in Amta for captive consumption, as we believe the proportion of sale of sterilized products will increase significantly over the next three to five years. For further details, see “ _Our Business – Our Business Strategy – Enhancing our manufacturing capacities in existing product categories to leverage industry growth drivers_ ”, _“Manufacturing Facilities”_ , “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation”_ on pages 128, 136, 75 and 233, respectively. 

Our expansion plans remain subject to the potential problems and uncertainties that construction projects face including cost overruns or delays. Problems that could adversely affect our expansion plans include labour shortages, increased costs of equipment or manpower, inadequate performance of the equipment and machinery installed in our manufacturing facilities, delays in completion, defects in design or construction, the possibility of unanticipated future regulatory restrictions, delays in receiving governmental, statutory and other regulatory approvals, incremental pre-operating expenses, taxes and duties, interest and finance charges, working capital margin, environment and ecology costs and other external factors which may not be within the control of our management. Further, there can be no assurance that our budgeted costs may be sufficient to meet our proposed capital expenditure requirements. If our actual capital expenditures significantly exceed our budgets, or even if our budgets were sufficient to cover these projects, we may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits of these projects, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete the aforementioned expansion and additions in accordance with the proposed schedule of implementation and any delay could have an adverse impact on our growth, prospects, cash flows and financial condition. 

The Proposed Expansion will require us to obtain various approvals, which are routine in nature including approvals such as consent to establish and in-principle approval of building layout and fire-fighting system. For further details, see “ _Objects of the Offer – Funding capital expenditure for the Proposed Expansion – Government approvals”_ on page 80. In addition to such pending approvals, we will also need to apply for certain additional approvals required for the Proposed Expansion. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain these registrations and approvals including approvals in relations to power and water procurement in a timely manner or at all. Further, in the event of any unanticipated delay in receipt of 

32 

such approvals, the proposed schedule implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds may be extended or may vary accordingly. 

**_11. The proceeds from the Offer for Sale component of the Offer shall be received directly by the Selling Shareholders._** 

The Offer includes the Offer for Sale by the Selling Shareholders. The proceeds from the Offer for Sale component of the Offer will be paid directly to the Selling Shareholders. We will not receive any of the proceeds from the Offer for Sale and will accordingly not have access to such funds. 

**_12. Our Statutory Auditors have included certain emphasis of matters in the auditors’ reports on our audited consolidated financial statements for the Fiscal ending March 31, 2021 and audited standalone financial statements for the Fiscals ending March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 and in the examination report on the Restated Financial Information. Further, the auditors have included certain observations in their reporting under Companies (Auditors Report) Order, 2016 (“CARO”)._** 

Our Statutory Auditors have included certain emphasis of matters in the auditors’ reports on our audited consolidated financial statements for the Fiscal ending March 31, 2021 and audited standalone financial statements for the Fiscals ending March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 and in the examination report on the Restated Financial Information. The opinion of the Statutory Auditors are not modified in respect of the following matters: 

1. In Fiscal 2020, uncertainties and management’s assessment of the financial impact due to the lock- down/restrictions related to the COVID-19 pandemic imposed by the Governments, for which a definitive assessment of the impact is dependent up on future economic conditions. 

2. The accounting treatment of 8,013 equity shares of ₹10 each presented as equity share capital amounting to ₹0.08 million and securities premium of ₹219.91 million in the financial statements as at March 31, 2020, in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013. Such presentation is different from the treatment prescribed under Ind AS 32 ‘Financial Instruments - Presentation’ which requires presentation of these as a financial liability as on March 31, 2020. 

3. The management believed that no adjustments were required in the audited financial statements as it does not impact the current financial year. 

4. In Fiscal 2019, the Statutory Auditors have drawn attention to the fact that the audited financial statements of the Company for the year ending on March 31, 2018 were audited by another firm of chartered accountants under the Companies Act who vide their report dated July 11, 2018, expressed an unmodified opinion on those financial statements. In relation to this, the Statutory Auditors have drawn attention to Note 42 to the audited financial statements regarding classification/grouping of certain financial statements line items in the prior years and their opinion remained unmodified in relation to this matter. 

5. Classification/grouping of certain financial statements line items in the previous years. 

While these emphasis of matters do not require any adjustments to the Restated Financial Information, there is no assurance that our audit reports for any future fiscal periods will not contain qualifications, matters of emphasis or other observations which affect our results of operations in such future periods. 

The Statutory Auditors statement in the audit report do not require any corrective adjustments in the Restated Financial Information. There can be no assurance that any similar remarks or statements will not form part of our financial statements or reports for the future fiscal periods, or that such remarks or statements will not affect our financial results in future fiscal periods. 

Investors should consider the remarks and statements in evaluating our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any such remarks or statements in the Audited financial or reports on in the future may also adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

For further details, see, “ _Restated Financial Information - Statement of Adjustments to Audited Financial Statements – Annexure VI - Part C: Non Adjusting Items_ ” and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Auditor’s Observation_ ” on pages 229 and 233, respectively. 

# **_13. We require power, water and fuel for our manufacturing processes and any disruption to power or water sources could increase our production costs and adversely affect our profitability and results of operations._** 

We require power, water and fuel for our manufacturing facilities, and energy costs represent a significant portion of the production costs for our operations. For the three months ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 and for Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, our total costs for power and fuel amounted to ₹24.20 million, ₹16.10 million, ₹73.11 million, ₹60.86 million and ₹67.81 million, respectively, comprising 3.40%, 3.69%, 3.12%, 3.38% and 3.67% of our total income for the 

33 

three months ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 for Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. If energy or water costs were to rise, or if electricity or water supplies or supply arrangements were disrupted, our profitability could decline. 

If energy or water costs were to rise, or if electricity or water supplies or supply arrangements were disrupted, our profitability could decline. We source our electricity requirements for our manufacturing facilities from West Bengal State Electricity Board and CESC. Our Company has faced power outage, frequency being between 2-3 times per day which has had a negligible impact on our production. While our Company has power back up arrangements at its manufacturing facilities at Jangalpur and Dhulagarh to mitigate any disruption in power supply, if for any reason such electricity is not available, we may need to shut down our manufacturing units until an adequate supply of electricity is restored. Interruptions of electricity supply can also result in production shutdowns, increased costs associated with restarting production and the loss of production in progress. 

In addition, we source most of our water requirements from state utilities, and our Company has a water plant at its manufacturing facilities at Jangalpur and Dhulagarh to mitigate any disruption in water supply, there is no assurance that we will be able to obtain a sufficient supply of water from sources in these areas, some of which are prone to drought. Therefore, we are subject to price risk and if supply or access is not available for any reason, our production may be disrupted and profitability and results of operations could be adversely affected. We may also be forced to shut down or scale down our production if the drought worsens and we cannot access water in sufficient amounts. 

# **_14. We intend to utilize a portion of the Net Proceeds for civil works of building a new manufacturing facility in Panchla, West Bengal. We are yet to place orders for such civil construction._** 

We intend to use a part of the Net Proceeds to develop a new manufacturing facility in Panchla, West Bengal. While we have obtained the quotations from various vendors in relation to such capital expenditure, most of these quotations are valid for a certain period of time and may be subject to revisions, and other commercial and technical factors, including our financial and market condition, business and strategy, competition, negotiation with suppliers, variation in cost estimates on account of factors, including changes in design and other external factors which may not be within the control of our management. Further, our Company has not undertaken any project feasibility study in relation to the Proposed Expansion. Further, while we have received a purchase order from Suroj Buildcon Private Limited, however, and we have not entered into any definitive agreements with S.M. Enterprise, from whom we have received a quotation for undertaking part of the construction activities in relation to the Proposed Expansion, and there can be no assurance that the S.M. Enterprise would be engaged to eventually provide the services at the same costs. If there is any increase in the costs, the additional costs shall be paid by our Company from its internal accruals. We cannot assure you that we will be able to undertake such capital expenditure within the cost indicated by such quotations or that there will not be cost escalations. For details see, “ _Objects of the Offer – Funding capital expenditure for the Proposed Expansion – Estimated cost_ ” on page 78. 

# **_15. Our inability to meet our obligations, including financial and other covenants under our debt financing arrangements could adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

As of September 30, 2021, we had total outstanding borrowings of ₹1,059.50 million, of which ₹566.63 million pertained to working capital loans. Further, our Company has received a credit rating of “A” from CARE Rating on March 22, 2021 in relation to our working capital and term loan facilities. Our ability to meet our debt service obligations and repay our outstanding borrowings will depend primarily on the cash generated by our business. The working capital cycle days for our Company for the last three months ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 and last three Fiscals are as follows: 

|**Net Working**|**Three Mon**|**ths Ended**|**Fiscal 2021****|**Fiscal 2020**<sup>**##**</sup>|**Fiscal**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Capital Cycle Days**|**June 30, 2021***|**June 30, 2020**<sup>**#**</sup>|||**2019*****|
|Inventories (A)|69.00|102.00|76.00|99.00|95.00|
|Trade<br>Receivables<br>(B)|62.00|80.00|68.00|86.00|91.00|
|Trade Payables (C)|10.00|13.00|9.00|8.00|4.00|
|Net Working Capital<br>Cycles<br>Days<br>(D=A+B-C)|121.00|169.00|135.00|177.00|182.00|



_* [Inventories / Trade Receivables / Trade Payables] days .for three months ended June 30, 2021, has been calculated based on = ([Average of [Inventories / Trade Receivables / Trade Payables] ending as of June 30, 2021, and March 31, 2021] * 90) divided by total income .for three months ended June 30, 2021)_ 

> _# [Inventories / Trade Receivables / Trade Payables] days .for three months ended June 30, 2020, has been calculated based on = ([Average of [Inventories / Trade Receivables / Trade Payables] ending as of June 30, 2020, and March 31,2020] * 90) divided by total income .for three months ended June 30, 2020)_ 

_** [Inventories / Trade Receivables / Trade Payables] days for Fiscal 2021, has been calculated based on = ([Average of [Inventories / Trade Receivables / Trade Payables] ending as of March 31,2021 and March 31, 2020] * 365) divided by total income for Fiscal 2021)_ 

> _## [Inventories / Trade Receivables / Trade Payables] days for Fiscal 2020, has been calculated based on = ([Average of [Inventories / Trade Receivables / Trade Payables] ending as of March 31,2020 and March 31, 2019] * 365) divided by total income for Fiscal 2020)_ 

34 

- _*** [Inventories / Trade Receivables / Trade Payables] days for Fiscal 2019, has been calculated based on = ([[Inventories / Trade Receivables / Trade Payables] ending as of March 31, 2019 * 365) divided by total income for Fiscal 2019_ 

The average period of receivables for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 and for Fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was 78 days vis-a-vis the receivables policy of our Company which, for domestic market is 60 days and for overseas market is 60-75 days. The inventories and trade receivable days ranges between 2 to 3 months, which is standard for other players in the industry. The average period of payables for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 and for Fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was 9 days as compared to an average of 30-60 days of for the other players in the industry. 

In addition, there have not been any downgrade in the credit rating of our Company for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and last three Fiscals, however, any failure to make payments of interest or principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our creditworthiness or credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness on acceptable terms. The credit ratings received by our Company for past three Fiscals are as follows: 

|**Sr.**<br>**No.**|<br>**Name of the**<br>**Instrument/Bank**<br>**Facilities**|<br>**Type**|**Amount**<br>**Outstanding**<br>**(₹ in crores)**|<br>**Rating**|**Date(s) and**<br>**Rating(s)**<br>**assigned in**<br>**2020-2021**|**Date(s) and**<br>**Rating(s)**<br>**assigned in**<br>**2019-2020**|**Date(s) and**<br>**Rating(s)**<br>**assigned in**<br>**2018-2019**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|1.|Fund-based<br>–<br>Long Term Cash<br>Credit|<br>Long Term|42.00|CARE A;<br>Stable|CARE A;<br>Stable<br>(March 22, 2021)|1)CARE A-;<br>Stable<br>(March<br>16,<br>2020)|<br>1)CARE A-;<br>Stable<br>(March<br>18,<br>2019)|
|2.|Term Loan – Long<br>Term|<br>Long Term|41.29|CARE A;<br>Stable|CARE A;<br>Stable<br>(March 22, 2021)|1)CARE A-;<br>Stable<br>(March<br>16,<br>2020)|<br>1)CARE A-;<br>Stable<br>(March<br>18,<br>2019)|



Further, our financing agreements contain certain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to undertake certain types of transactions, any of which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. We are required to obtain prior approval from our lenders, inter alia, for any change in capital structure, dilution of the shareholding of the existing Promoters below current levels or dilution in their controlling stake for any reason, and amendment in the charter documents. Our Company has not defaulted in the repayment of principal or interest amount in relation to loans availed by our Company. In the event we breach any financial or other covenants contained in any of our financing arrangements or in the event we had breached any terms in the past which is noticed in the future, we may be required to immediately repay our borrowings either in whole or in part, together with any related costs. Our failure to meet our obligations under the debt financing agreements could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows. For the details in relation to our indebtedness please see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 259 and for the details in relation to our working capital cycle, please see, “ _Objects of the Offer - Repayment/pre-payment of all or certain of our borrowings_ ” on page 76. 

# **_16. We face competition primarily from domestic companies and multinational companies and our inability to compete effectively could result in the loss of customers, hence, our market share, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and future prospects._** 

The labware industry presents significant entry barriers, including customer validation and approvals, expectation from customers for process innovation and requirement of adherence to high quality standards and stringent specifications. In particular, our end customers typically spend significant resources to engage with vendors who comply with quality standards. In the year 2020, we had a market share of 9.00-12.00% of the labware market in India, according to the Frost & Sullivan Report. 

Indian labware market comprises of both domestic companies and MNCs. Our Company’s manufacturing facilities are well equipped with precise and reliable automation which has enabled us to develop a strong brand recognition and consumer loyalty in the domestic market. Our Company’s primary competition comprises of MNCs including Corning Life Sciences and Thermo Fisher Scientific in domestic as well as overseas market _(Source: Frost & Sullivan Report)._ The market share of our major competitors such as Thermofisher, Corning, and Eppendorf is approximately 30-40% of the Indian market _(Source: Frost & Sullivan Report)._ 

As per the Frost & Sullivan Report, historically, global MNCs dominated the Indian labware/ life sciences equipment market and our Company has managed to substitute imports and gain market share in domestic markets over the years. While most of the MNCs import their products into India, our Company manufactures in India providing comparable quality of products as manufactured by the MNCs and competitive prices _(Source: Frost & Sullivan Report)._ We compete on the basis of product availability, pricing, relationships with end customers, product quality, and process innovation and there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully expand range of our product portfolio in a timely manner or 

35 

at all. As a result, our products may not be able to meet the growing demands of end customers which may render our products uncompetitive and adversely affect our business, financial condition and future prospects. 

**_17. Many countries including India have joined in the efforts to ban plastic products. In case any plastic products manufactured by us are banned in India or in any of the markets where we export our products, it could have a material and adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

As per the Frost & Sullivan Report, glassware is being gradually replaced by plastic labware due to its low cost, lower breakage concerns and higher flexibility, amongst others. As of 2020, glassware contributed to approximately 45.0048.00% of the revenue of global laboratory equipment market. With high penetration expected in the coming years, plastic labware is expected to replace glassware products by another 15.00% to reach a market share of approximately 67.00% by year 2025 ( _Source: Frost & Sullivan Report_ ) _._ 

Since plastic takes a longer time to biodegrade, many countries including India are finding alternatives to the use of plastic products as an environmental measure. While none of the measures taken so far have directly impacted our business, we cannot assure that future measures will not have a negative impact on our business. If the GoI legislates against the use of plastic products or if regulations for the manufacture and use of plastic products are made more stringent, it could have a material and adverse effect on our business and results of operations 

**_18. We may not be able to adequately protect or continue to use our intellectual property. In addition, the use of our brand “Tarsons” or similar trade names by third parties could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

We currently sell our products in India through a network of distributors, who further distribute our products to endcustomers. We primarily sell our labware products under our brand label, _“TARSONS WITH THE WORDS -TRUST_ ” ” _DELIVERED_<sup>_TM_</sup> including other label marks such as “ _CRYOCHILL_<sup>_TM_</sup> _._ In addition to this, we have registered 25 trademarks including word marks and label marks for our various product segments under various classes in India and have applied for registration of 4 trademarks. We also own 2 copyrights in artistic work category having titles _“TARSONS WITH WORDS TRUST DELIVERED”_ and _“MU TIP”_ . The registration of intellectual property including trademarks is a timeconsuming process and there can be no assurance that the registration applications that we are pursuing, or we may pursue will be successful and that such registration will be granted to us. 

Our applications for registration of label “ _MAXIPENSE_<sup>_TM”_</sup> , word mark “ _ROCKYMAX_<sup>_TM”_</sup> under class 9 and word mark _“TARSONS”_ under class 11 have been objected by third-parties. Our Company has filed responses to the representations made by objecting parties along with the required evidences under Rule 51 under Trademarks Act, 1999 read with Trademark Rules, 2017 and these matters are presently pending. For further details, see “ _Our Business – Intellectual Property_ ” and “ _Government and Other Approvals”_ on pages 143 and 267. 

Our technical knowledge is a significant independent asset, which may not be adequately protected by intellectual property rights such as patent registration. Some of our technical knowledge is protected only by secrecy. As a result, we cannot be certain that our technical knowledge will remain confidential in the long run. Certain proprietary knowledge may be leaked, either inadvertently or wilfully. Our failure to register or protect our intellectual property rights may undermine our efforts to protect relevant intellectual property prove to be inadequate, the value attached to our brand and proprietary property could deteriorate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. If any of our confidential or proprietary information or technical knowledge, were to be disclosed or misappropriated, or if a competitor independently developed any such information, our competitive position could be harmed. Moreover, even if the applications are approved, third parties may seek to oppose or otherwise challenge these registrations and assert intellectual property claims against us, particularly as we expand our business and product portfolio, we offer to life sciences industry. 

Although, there have been no instances of usage of “ _Tarsons”_ or similar trade names by third parties, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter such use of our brand name by third parties in the future which may lead to confusion among end customers. Any adverse experience of end customers with those parties using similar trade names, as well as any consequent negative publicity or perceptions perceived to be associated with us, may adversely affect our reputation and brand and business prospects. 

We rely on protections available under Indian law, which may not be adequate to prevent unauthorised use of our intellectual property by third parties. Furthermore, the application of laws governing intellectual property rights in India is uncertain and evolving and could involve substantial risks to us. Notwithstanding the precautions we take to protect our intellectual property rights, it is possible that third parties may infringe on our rights, which may have an adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_19. Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus disclose information from the Industry Report which has been commissioned and paid for by us exclusively in connection with the Offer and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Offer is subject to inherent risks._** 

36 

Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus include information based on, or derived from, the Frost & Sullivan Report (the “ **Industry Report** ”) or extracts of the Industry Report. 

The Industry Report has been commissioned and paid for by us for the purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Offer. Further, this report is prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. The Industry Report may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. While industry sources take due care and caution while preparing their reports, they do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the data. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information. 

In view of the foregoing, you may not be able to seek legal recourse for any losses resulting from undertaking any investment in the Offer pursuant to reliance on the information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the Industry Report. You should consult your own advisors and undertake an independent assessment of information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the Industry Report before making any investment decision regarding the Offer. For further details, see “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 89. 

# **_20. Non-compliance with and changes in, safety, health, environmental and labour laws and other applicable regulations, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

We are subject to laws and government regulations, including in relation to safety, health, environmental protection and labour. These laws and regulations impose controls on air and water discharge, noise levels, storage handling, and other aspects of our manufacturing operations. Further, our products, including the process of manufacture, storage and distribution of such products, are subject to numerous laws and regulations in relation to quality, safety and health. For details on regulations and policies applicable to our business, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 146. Any accident at our facilities may result in personal injury or loss of life, substantial damage to or destruction of property and equipment resulting in the suspension of operations. In particular, the environmental approvals obtained for our manufacturing facilities prescribe certain conditions, including limits on a facility’s aggregate production output, the output of specific products and effluent discharge amounts. Any failure to comply with such conditions could result in revocation of the licenses and lead to shut down of our facilities. 

Any of the foregoing could subject us to litigation, which could lower our profits in the event we were found liable and could also adversely affect our reputation. Additionally, the government or the relevant regulatory bodies may require us to shut down our manufacturing plants, which in turn could lead to product shortages that delay or prevent us from fulfilling our obligations to end customers. 

We are also subject to the laws and regulations governing employees, including in relation to minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and termination of employees, and work permits. We have incurred and expect to continue incurring costs for compliance with such laws and regulations. We have also made and expect to continue making capital expenditures on an on-going basis to comply with all applicable environmental, health and safety and labour laws and regulations. These laws and regulations have, however, become increasingly stringent and it is possible that they will become significantly more stringent in the future. We cannot assure you that we will not be found to be noncompliant with, or remain in compliance with all applicable environmental, health and safety and labour laws and regulations or the terms and conditions of any consents or permits in the future or that such compliance will not result in a curtailment of production or a material increase in the costs of production. 

# **_21. Our inability to effectively manage our growth or to successfully implement our business plan and growth strategy could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

While we have experienced significant growth and have expanded our operations over the years, we cannot assure you that our growth strategy will continue to be successful or that we will be able to continue to expand further, or at the same rate. Our revenue from operations for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 and for Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019 was ₹691.50 million, ₹420.16 million, ₹2,289.11 million, ₹1,759.02 million and ₹1,787.48 million, respectively. The success of our business will depend greatly on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategy. Our growth strategy involves growing our portfolio of products by launching new SKUs and entering new product categories, strengthening our brand, deepening our penetration in the domestic market, expanding our presence in the overseas market and expanding our manufacturing capacities. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Our Business Strategy_ ” beginning on page 127. 

Our success in implementing our growth strategies may be affected by our ability to identify new market opportunities, develop differentiated products, increase our existing network of distributors and ability to adapt to changes in the regulatory environment applicable to us. Many of these factors are beyond our control and there can be no assurance that we will succeed in implementing our strategy. For instance, manufacturing, usage and import of plastic, which forms major part of our primary raw material, is subject to various rules and regulations including Plastic Waste (Management and Handling) Rules, 2011, Plastic Waste Management Rules, 2016 and other local laws such as West Bengal Municipal Act, 1993 and West Bengal Municipal Corporation Act, 2006. For further details, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” and 

37 

“ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 146 and page 267 respectively. Any change in government policies and regulations including any restrictions imposed on trade of any particular product, or any duties, pre-conditions or ban imposed by countries from where we source certain raw materials may have an adverse impact on our operations. In addition, there may be delays in the anticipated timing of activities related to our growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans, increased difficulty and cost in implementing these efforts, and incurrence of other unexpected costs associated with operating the business. Any of these factors could adversely impact our results of operations. 

Further, it may be possible that the actual demand of new products which we propose to launch may not be in accordance with the end customers’ expectations and this in turn may impact our profitability. If, for any reason, the benefits we realize are less than our estimates or the implementation of these growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans adversely affect our operations or cost more or take longer to effectuate than we expect, or if our assumptions prove inaccurate, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_22. In Fiscal 2021, our revenue from branded sales constituted 38.00% of our total revenue from overseas sale of goods, and revenue from Original Design Manufacturing sales constituted 62.00% of our total revenue from overseas sale of goods. Accordingly, if our overseas customers do not continue to source their products from us, or if there is a downward trend in Original Design Manufacturing business, our sales and results of operations could be adversely affected._** 

Our Company has a presence in the overseas market through a blend of branded and ODM sales. In Fiscal 2021 our revenue from branded sales constituted 38.00% of our total revenue from overseas sale of goods, and revenue from ODM sales constituted 62.00% of our total revenue from overseas sale of goods. For the three months ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 and in Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, we derived ₹176.51 million, ₹126.25 million, ₹755.91 million, ₹472.76 million and ₹480.49 million of our revenue from sale of goods in the overseas markets, respectively, representing 25.53%, 30.05%, 33.02%, 26.88%, 26.88% of our total revenue from operations. 

While we have a strong relationship with ODM distribution partners and we continue to expand the range of products distributed to our overseas customers, there can be no assurance that overseas customers will increase the demand of products sourced from us or will continue to source their products from us. If overseas customers decide to manufacture the products internally or enter into arrangement with other suppliers, our future growth could be limited and our sales and results of operation may be adversely affected. 

**_23. Our business could be affected by volatility in the price of raw materials, utilities and natural resources and transportation costs._** 

Our Company uses a variety of raw materials including PP, PS, HDPE, LDPE and other specialised resins in the production of our product segments. These commodities are subject to fluctuation in price in accordance with global trends and availability of these raw materials. We cannot assure that we may not experience volatility in the cost of such raw materials or in the cost or availability of utilities and natural resources used in our operations, such as electricity, water and natural gas as well as increasing transportation costs in the future. 

While we may seek to pass the increase in costs of some of our raw materials on to our distributors/ end customers, our cash flows may be affected in the event of any gap in time between the date of procurement of those primary raw materials and date on which we can reset the product prices for our distributors/end customers, to account for the increase in the prices of such raw materials. The discontinuation or reduction of our ability to pass through transportation or raw material costs or otherwise resulting in inadequate supply of raw materials, utilities and natural resources could adversely affect our business. From time to time, commodity prices may also fall rapidly. If this happens, suppliers may withdraw capacity from the market until prices improve which may cause periodic supply interruptions. This may also be true for our transportation carriers and energy providers. If these supply interruptions occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be affected. 

**_24. Certain of our corporate records and filings are not traceable. We cannot assure you that regulatory proceedings or actions will not be initiated against us in the future or that we will not be subject to any penalty imposed by the competent regulatory authority in this regard._** 

The corporate records for certain past allotments of Equity Shares made by our Company, could not be traced as the relevant information was not available in the records maintained by our Company, at the MCA Portal maintained by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs or the RoC, despite conducting internal searches and engaging an independent practicing company secretary to conduct the search. Form-2 in relation to allotment dated April 9, 1988 and corporate authorisations with respect to all allotments made since our incorporation in 1984 to 1996 are not traceable. 

While certain information in relation to the allotments has been disclosed in the sections “ _Capital Structure_ ” beginning on page 65 based upon the details provided in the search report dated July 9, 2021, prepared by Manisha Saraf & Associates, independent practicing company secretary. We may not be able to furnish any further information, other than what is already disclosed in _“Capital Structure”_ beginning on page 65. 

38 

While no legal proceedings or regulatory actions have been initiated against our Company in relation to untraceable secretarial and other corporate records and documents as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we cannot assure you that such legal proceedings or regulatory actions will not be initiated against our Company in future. 

**_25. We are subject to government regulations and if we fail to obtain, maintain or renew our statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals required to operate, in a timely manner or at all our business, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected._** 

Our operations are subject to government regulations governing manufacturing and distribution of our products in the Indian and overseas markets. We are required to obtain and maintain certain statutory and regulatory permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules in India, generally for carrying out our business and for each of our manufacturing facilities. For details of applicable regulations and approvals relating to our business and operations including details of material approvals that have expired and have not yet been renewed, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” and “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 146 and page 267 respectively. 

The approvals required by our Company are subject to several conditions and we cannot assure you that these would not be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business. For example, our Company paid a late submission fee of `137,500 in February 2019 under FEMA for a delay in filing the foreign currency - gross provisional return form with RBI in connection with the preferential allotment of 2,220,000 compulsory convertible debentures to Clear Vision Investments Holdings Pte Limited on July 26, 2018. 

We are also subject to FEMA regulations in relation to investments made by us outside India. We are in the process of winding up our subsidiary, Inlabpro Pte. Limited, in Singapore. Also, in Fiscal 2014, we had made investments in Tarsons Incorporation USA, our erstwhile subsidiary, which was subsequently dissolved in Fiscal 2018. We cannot assure you that the filing requirements under FEMA regulations in relation to such investments have been completed and that we will be able to complete the winding up and dissolution process in a timely manner, which may subject us to regulatory actions. 

We cannot quantify the financial implications on our Company in case a regulatory authority raises any concerns or penalises us for any non-compliance. Further, if we fail to comply with applicable statutory or regulatory requirements, there could be a delay in the submission or grant of approval for setting up of the new manufacturing units which are proposed to be developed by our Company. If we fail to obtain, maintain or renew such approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions, in a timely manner or at all, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_26. We have not been able to obtain certain records of the educational qualifications of our directors and have relied on declarations and undertakings furnished by such Directors for details of their profiles included in this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

Our Chairman and Managing Director, Sanjive Sehgal and our Director, Girish Vanvari have been unable to trace copies of documents pertaining to their educational qualifications and work experience, respectively. Sanjive Sehgal has not been able to trace his bachelor’s degree in science from Xavier College, Calcutta and has reached out to Xavier College, Calcutta to procure copy of this degree and Girish Vanvari has not been able to trace his previous work experience letter from KPMG and Arthur Andersen. He has searched for the same in his personal records and has tried to procure copy of the same from his past employers. However, the relevant documents could not be procured accordingly, reliance has been placed on affidavits furnished by such Directors to us and the BRLMs to disclose details of their educational qualifications and work experience in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, there can be no assurances that our Directors will be able to trace the relevant documents pertaining to his qualifications in future. Accordingly, reliance has been placed on affidavits furnished by such Directors to us and the BRLMs to disclose details of their educational qualifications and work experience in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_27. The loss of a significant number of customers or a reduction in orders from a significant number of customers could reduce our net sales and harm our results of operations, cash flows and liquidity._** 

Our operating results could be negatively affected by the loss of revenue from a significant number of our customers, including direct distributors and end users. For the three months ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 and in Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, revenue from sale of goods to our top ten distributors amounted to ₹258.94 million, ₹176.25 million, ₹850.72 million, ₹699.35 million and ₹772.64 million, respectively, representing 37.60%, 42.12%, 37.33%, 39.97% and 43.49% of our total income from sale of goods for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 and in Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Revenue from sale of goods through our distribution network amounted to 91.18%, 93.84%, 94.74%, 95.95% and 98.24% of our total revenue, while direct sales contributed to 8.82%, 6.01%, 5.26%, 4.05% and 1.76% of our total income for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 and in Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Further, revenue from sale of goods to our top 10 customers in the domestic market amounted to 

39 

50.97%, 50.08%, 46.10%, 48.94% and 49.85% of our total income from domestic sales, while sales to our top 10 overseas customers contributed to 72.43%, 76.27%, 63.30%, 63.21% and 71.01% of our total income from overseas sales for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 and Fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Though we often include pricing and volume incentives in our contracts, our customers are generally not obligated to purchase any fixed quantities of products, and they may stop placing orders with our distributors at any time. While our Company provides a wide range of products to diverse end customers across various sectors in the labware industry, if a significant number of end customers purchase fewer of our products, defer orders or fail to place additional orders with us, our sales could decline, and our operating results may not meet our expectations. 

Our contracts generally do not contain minimum purchase requirements and we sell primarily on a purchase order basis. Therefore, our sales which are subject to demand variability by our end customers has fluctuated historically and may continue to fluctuate, sometimes materially from year to year and even from quarter to quarter. The level and timing of orders placed by these end customers vary for a variety of reasons such as individual distributors/customer strategies, the introduction of new technologies, the desire of our end customers to reduce their exposure to any single supplier or desire to maintain certain inventory levels and general economic conditions. If we are unable to anticipate and respond to the demands of our end customers, we may lose end customers because of an inadequate supply of raw materials or insufficient production capacity of our manufacturing facilities, or alternatively, we may have an excess inventory or excess capacity, either of which may have an effect on our business, financial position and operating results. 

In addition, we may not be able to repeat our supply arrangements with our end customers on favourable pricing terms if our competitors reduce their prices in order to procure business, or if a customer is insistent that we lower the price charged for a product in order to procure repeat purchase by the end customer. The loss of sales obtained through long-term contracts or the reduced profitability of such sales could affect our results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. 

# **_28. We might infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others and any misappropriation of our intellectual property could harm our competitive position._** 

While we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty as to whether we are infringing on any existing third-party intellectual property rights, which may require us to alter our technologies, obtain licenses or cease some of our operations. We may also be susceptible to claims from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims. If such claims are raised, those claims could: (a) adversely affect our relationships with current or future end customers: (b) result in costly litigation; (c) cause product shipment delays or stoppages; (d) divert management’s attention and resources; (e) subject us to significant liabilities; (f) require us to enter into potentially expensive royalty or licensing agreements and (g) require us to cease certain activities. In the case of an IPR infringement claim made by a third party, we shall be required to defend such claims at our own cost and liability and shall indemnify and hold harmless our end customers. In addition, we may decide to settle a claim or action against us, which settlement could be costly. We may also be liable for any past infringement that we are not aware of. There can be no assurance that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part, or on time. To the extent that we suffer any loss or damage that is not covered by insurance or exceeds our insurance coverage, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_29. We are dependent on a number of key personnel, including our senior management, and the loss of or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

Our future success is significantly dependent upon the continued efforts and service of our management team as well as other key personnel. In an event of their retirement or departure from our Company, there is no assurance that we will be able to find suitable replacements for such key management personnel in a timely manner or at all and implement a smooth transition of responsibilities to any newly appointed management personnel. This could affect our operations resulting in a decline in the performance of our business. 

Our rapid growth requires us to continue to attract, hire and retain a wide range of qualified, experienced and skilled personnel at all levels of our business and operations who can adapt to a dynamic, competitive and challenging business environment. Competition for skilled personnel in the labware industry is intense, and we may need to offer a more attractive compensation and other benefits package, including share-based compensation, to attract and retain them. Even if we were to offer higher compensation and other benefits, there is no assurance that these individuals will choose to join or continue to work for us. For example, for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and in Fiscals 2021, 2020 and, 2019, our attrition rate was 2.62% 3.57%, 6.66% and 8.26%, respectively. As we expect to continue to expand our operations and launch new product segments, we will need to continue to attract and retain experienced management personnel. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. For further details, see _“Our Management”_ and _“Our Promoter and Promoter Group”_ on pages 155 and 168, respectively. 

40 

**_30. Any disruption to the steady and regular supply of workforce for our operations, including due to strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our workforce or any other kind of disputes with our workforce or our inability to control the composition and cost of our workforce could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

As on June 30, 2021, we had 514 full-time employees and workers working in our facilities. Although, we have not experienced any major disruptions to our business operations due to any labour disputes or other problems with our work force in the past, there can be no assurance that we will not experience such disruptions in the future. Such disruptions may adversely affect our business, reputation and results of operations and may also divert the management’s attention and result in increased costs. India has stringent labour legislations that protect the interests of workers, including legislations that set forth detailed procedures for dispute resolution and employee removal and legislations that impose certain financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. Although our employees are not currently unionized, there can be no assurance that they will not unionize in the future. If our employees unionize, it may become difficult for us to maintain flexible labour policies, and we may face the threat of labour unrest, demand for increase in wages, work stoppages, which may lead to diversion of our management’s attention due to union intervention, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We are also subject to laws and regulations governing relationships with employees, in such areas as minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and terminating of employees and work permits. Further, the minimum wage laws in India have been amended in the recent past and may be amended in future, leading to upward revisions in the minimum wages payable in one or more states in which we currently operate or are planning to expand. Thus, any regulatory notification or circular issued under applicable laws and regulations may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. For further details see, “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 146. 

# **_31. Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or adequate to protect us against all material hazards, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

Our operations are subject to hazards inherent in manufacturing facilities such as risk of equipment failure, work accidents, fire, earthquakes, flood and other force majeure events including hazards that may cause injury and loss of life, severe damage to and the destruction of property and equipment and environmental damage. We may also be subject to product liability claims if the products that we manufacture are not in compliance with the terms of our contractual arrangements. Our principal types of coverage include: (a) car insurance policy; (b) commercial general liability insurance; (c) manufacturing stock policy (inclusive of fire and special perils, and burglary policy); (d) marine insurance policy; € group personal accident insurance; (f) group health (floater) insurance policies for our employees; (g) director’s and officer’s liability. 

As at June 30, 2021, insurance coverage of our fixed asset (including work in progress) and inventory are ₹2,512.77 million and ₹600.00 million respectively, which accounts for 186.77% and 100.93% of fixed asset (including work in progress) and inventory of ₹1,345.35 million and ₹594.49 million. While we believe that the insurance coverage which we maintain would be reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our business, we cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage, for which we have not obtained or maintained insurance, or which is not covered by insurance, which exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

# **_32. A failure of or disruption in our information technology infrastructure, including a disruption related to cybersecurity or non-compliance with data protection, privacy or information security related Indian or foreign laws, could adversely impact our business operations._** 

We rely on the capacity, reliability and security of our IT systems and infrastructure in our operations. These include procurement, production, distribution, billing, reporting and software, as well as new product design and development. IT systems are vulnerable to disruptions, including those resulting from natural disasters, cyber-attacks or failures in services provided by third-party. Cybersecurity risks can include breaches of confidentiality, loss of integrity and/or availability of the data and/or transactions processed by the information systems (system malfunction, data theft, data destruction and loss of data integrity). These may result from external (denial of service, hacking, malware) or internal (tampering, breach of data confidentiality) threats. 

A large-scale IT malfunction or interruption of one or more of our IT systems or cyber-attacks on our network could compromise the security of our systems and our ability to protect our networks and the confidentiality of sensitive data which may lead to tempering with or theft of our design drawings, proprietary design software, computer simulation software, testing software and other trade secrets, information relating to our intellectual property or business strategy, and 

41 

data of third parties, including our employees and end customers, resulting in production downtimes, lost revenues, inappropriate disbursement of funds and both internal and external supply shortages. Some cyber-attacks depend on human error or manipulation, including phishing attacks or schemes that use social engineering to gain access to systems or carry out disbursement of funds or other frauds, which raise the risks from such events and the costs associated with protecting against such attacks. In addition, we may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by such attacks or disruptions in the future or failure by us to comply with Indian or foreign laws and regulations, including laws and regulations regulating privacy, data protection or information security. These consequently could cause significant damage to our reputation, disruption of our operations, result in a loss or damage to our data or an inappropriate disclosure of confidential information, affect our relationships with our end customers, suppliers and employees, lead to legal claims, proceedings or actions against our Company, liability or regulatory penalties under Indian or foreign laws protecting the privacy of personal information and ultimately adversely affect our business operations. 

Our Company has not faced any instance of data breach in the past. There is no assurance that the security measures such as our ERP systems which we have in place will be successful or sufficient to protect our IT systems and data. Further, unavailability of, or failure to retain, well trained employees capable of constantly servicing our IT and/or ERP systems may lead to inefficiency or disruption of IT system thereby adversely affecting our ability to operate efficiently. 

# **_33. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. Additionally, our ability to pay dividends may also be restricted by the terms of financing arrangements that we may enter into. For details, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 259. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. For further details, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 172. 

**_34. Increasing employee compensation in India may erode some of our competitive advantage and may reduce our profit margins, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and, financial condition._** 

Employee compensation in India has historically been significantly lower than employee compensation in USA and Western Europe for comparably skilled professionals, which has been one of our competitive strengths. However, compensation increases in India may erode some of this competitive advantage and may negatively affect our profit margins. Employee compensation in India is increasing at a faster rate than in USA and Western Europe, which could result in increased costs relating to scientists and engineers, managers and other mid-level professionals. We may need to continue to increase the levels of our employee compensation to remain competitive, ensure compliance with local wage norms and manage attrition. Compensation increases may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_35. We are exposed to counterparty credit risk and any delay in receiving payments or non-receipt of payments may impact our results of operations._** 

Due to the nature of the arrangements with our distributors, we may be subject to counterparty credit risk and a delay in receiving payments or non-receipt of payments impact our results of operations. Although, we have a regular supply mechanism for delivery of our products, non-payment of invoices by our distributors may affect our cash flows. The average period of receivables for the three months ended June 30, 2021, Fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019 was 78 days vis-a-vis the receivables policy of our Company which for domestic market is 60 days and for overseas market is 60-75 days. 

Going forward, we cannot assure that we will be able to accurately assess the creditworthiness of our distributors in the long run. Further, macroeconomic conditions which are beyond our control, such as a potential credit crisis in the global financial system, could also result in financial difficulties for our end customers, including limited access to the credit markets, insolvency or bankruptcy. Such conditions could cause our distributors to delay payment, request modifications of their payment terms, or default on their payment obligations to us, all of which could increase our receivables. For the three months ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 and as of Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, our trade receivables were ₹487.96 million, ₹362.85 million, ₹470.37 million, ₹381.99 million and ₹445.88 million, respectively. For details on our trade receivables, see “ _Summary of Financial Information – Restated Statement of Assets and Liabilities_ ” on page 53 . 

# **_36. Our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group will continue to hold a significant equity stake in our Company after the Offer and their interests may differ from those of the other shareholders._** 

As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group hold 51.00% of our paidup Equity Share capital. For details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 65. Upon completion of the Offer, our Promoters and Promoter Group will continue to hold a significant equity stake in our Company and their interests may differ from those 

42 

of the other shareholders. Our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group will therefore have the ability to influence our operations significantly. This will include the ability to appoint Directors to our Board and the right to approve significant actions at Board and at shareholders’ meetings including issue of Equity Shares, payment of dividends, determining business plans and mergers and acquisitions strategies. Further, upon listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges, pursuant to the Shareholders’ Agreement, the amendment thereto and the Articles of Association, Clear Vision Investment Holdings Pte. Limited shall have the right to nominate directors on our Board. For further details, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters - Shareholders’ agreements and other agreements_ ” on page 152. Further, if, in the future, our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group are unwilling to dilute their equity stake in our Company and do not, or are unable to, fund us, our growth may be affected. In the ordinary course of their business activities, certain of our Promoters and their respective affiliates may engage in activities where their interests’ conflict with our interests or the interests of our shareholders and Promoter Group. 

# **_37. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future._** 

We have entered into and may in the course of our business continue to enter into transactions specified in the Restated Financial Information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus with related parties that include our Promoters, Directors, KMPs and our Subsidiary, as applicable. For further details in relation to our related party transactions, see “ _Related Party Transactions_ ” and “ _Restated Financial Information – Annexure V – Note 36”_ on pages 216 and 217, respectively. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis and in the ordinary course of business, there can be no assurance that we could not have achieved more favorable terms. Furthermore, it is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. 

There can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure you that our Promoters, Directors and our Key Managerial Personnel, if they are also our shareholders, will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. 

**_38. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to successfully manage, or accurately report, our financial risks._** 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to prepare reliable financial reports and effectively avoid fraud. Moreover, any internal controls that we may implement, or our level of compliance with such controls, may deteriorate over time, due to evolving business conditions. There can be no assurance that additional deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise in the future, or that we will be able to implement, and continue to maintain, adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls. 

**_39. In the past, we have been entitled to certain incentives and export promotion schemes. In the event, we become entitled to such incentives in future, any decrease in or discontinuation of such incentives or export promotion schemes may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

We enjoyed benefits under the export benefits entitlements including Merchandise Exports from India Scheme (“ **MEIS** ”), the objective of which is to compensate exporters who offset infrastructural inefficiencies and associated costs involved in export of products being produced or manufactured in India, especially those having high export intensity and employment potential, thereby enhancing India’s export competitiveness. We were entitled to the duty benefits under the MEIS depending on the product and the country of export, however, the amount available under the MEIS has been reduced to ₹20.00 million for the period from September 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020, and the MEIS has been discontinued since January 1, 2021 as result of which, the Company is no longer entitled to exemption from customs duty which accounts for 2.50-3.00% of the total value of exports. 

In the event we become entitled to similar incentives for our export sales in future, any newly introduced or revised policies in relation to tax duties or other such levies issued by the Directorate General of Foreign Trade or relevant tax authorities may deprive us of prospective benefits. We cannot predict the current or future initiatives and there can be no assurance that we will continue to enjoy tax benefits. Any further reduction or withdrawal of such tax incentives or export promotion schemes or our inability to meet any of the conditions prescribed under any of the schemes would adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. 

**_40. Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on management estimates and may be subject to change based on various factors, some of which are beyond our control._** 

Our funding requirements and deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on internal management estimates based on current market conditions and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. The deployment of the Net Proceeds shall be for the stated Objects and as per the schedule of implementation as mentioned in “ _Object of the Offer - Proposed utilization and schedule of implementation and deployment of Net Proceeds_ ” on page 75 of this Red Herring Prospectus and as approved by our Board _and_ will be monitored by the monitoring agency. Any deviation from the same will be subject to applicable law. We may have to reconsider our estimates or business plans due to changes in underlying 

43 

factors, some of which are beyond our control, such as the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, interest or exchange rate fluctuations, changes in designs, increase in input costs, labour costs, logistics and transport costs, incremental preoperative expenses, taxes and duties, start-up costs, engineering procurement and construction costs, regulatory costs, environmental factors and other external factors. Accordingly, prospective investors in the Offer will need to rely upon our management’s judgment with respect to the use of the Net Proceeds. If we are unable to deploy the Net Proceeds in a timely or an efficient manner, it may affect our business and results of operations. For details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” beginning on page 75. 

**_41. Any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval._** 

   - Our Company intends to use Net Proceeds raised pursuant to the Fresh Issue in the manner set out in the section titled “ _Objects of the Offer”_ beginning on page 75. 

In accordance with Section 27 of the Companies Act, 2013, we cannot undertake any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus without obtaining the approval of shareholders of our Company through a special resolution. In the event of any such circumstances that require us to undertake variation in the disclosed utilisation of the Net Proceeds, we may not be able to obtain the approval of the shareholders of our Company in a timely manner, or at all. Any delay or inability in obtaining such approval of the shareholders of our Company may adversely affect our business or operations. 

In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake variation of objects of the Offer to use any unutilized proceeds of the Fresh Issue, if any, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our Company’s ability to respond to any change in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilized portion of Net Proceeds, if any, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **_Risks Related to India_** 

**_42. Differences exist between Ind AS used to prepare our financial information and other accounting principles, such as IFRS and U.S. GAAP, with which investors may be more familiar._** 

Our Restated Financial Information for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and June 30, 2020 and for Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019 included in this Red Herring Prospectus are presented in conformity with Ind AS, in each case restated in accordance with the requirements of Section 26 of part I of the Companies Act, 2013, the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on “Reports in Company Prospectus (Revised 2019)” issued by the ICAI. Ind AS differs from accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar, such as Indian GAAP, IFRS and U.S. GAAP. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of U.S. GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of U.S. GAAP or IFRS. U.S. GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS and Indian GAAP. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS and Indian GAAP financial statements, which are restated as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

**_43. Political changes, natural disasters and other macroeconomic factors could adversely affect economic conditions in India_** 

The Indian economy and capital markets are influenced by economic, political and market conditions in India and globally. We currently manufacture only in India and, as a result, are dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India. Our results of operations are significantly affected by factors influencing the Indian economy. Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations, may include: 

- the macroeconomic climate, including any increase in Indian interest rates or inflation; 

- any exchange rate fluctuations, the imposition of currency controls and restrictions on the right to convert or repatriate currency or export assets; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing for our expansions; 

- 

   - prevailing income conditions among Indian consumers and Indian corporates; 

- volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; 

44 

- changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies; 

- political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region, or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; 

- occurrence of natural or man-made disasters (such as typhoons, flooding, earthquakes and fires) which may cause us to suspend our operations; 

- 

   - civil unrest, acts of violence, terrorist attacks, regional conflicts or situations of war; and 

- epidemic, pandemic or any other public health emergency in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries, such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19 pandemic; 

- prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; 

- 

   - any downgrading of India’s debt rating by a domestic or international rating agency; 

- international business practices that may conflict with other customs or legal requirements to which we are subject, including anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws; protectionist and other adverse public policies, including local content requirements, import/export tariffs, increased regulations or capital investment requirements; 

- 

   - logistical and communications challenges; 

- 

   - financial instability in financial markets; 

- difficulty in developing any necessary partnerships with local businesses on commercially acceptable terms or on a timely basis; 

- being subject to the jurisdiction of foreign courts, including certainty of judicial processes and difficulty enforcing contractual agreements or judgments in foreign legal systems or incurring additional costs to do so; and 

- other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India or its construction sector. 

Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_44. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes, including the instances mentioned below, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. 

For example, the introduction of the national GST in India replaced taxes levied by central and state governments with a unified tax regime in respect of the supply of goods and services for all of India. Any changes to the GST rate or rules and regulations surrounding GST and the related uncertainties with respect to the implementation of GST may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, in order for us to utilize input credit under GST, the entire value chain has to be GST-compliant, including us. While we are and will continue to adhere to the GST rules and regulations, there can be no assurance that our relevant counterparties will do so. Any such failure may result in increased cost on account of non-compliance with the GST and may adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations. 

The Finance Act, 2020, has, amongst others things, notified changes and provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime and DDT, which will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident and are subject to tax deduction at source. Our Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a nonresident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. 

Additionally, the GoI has recently introduced (a) the Code on Wages, 2019 (“ **Wages Code** ”); (b) the Code on Social Security, 2020 (“ **Social Security Code** ”); (c) the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020; and (d) the Industrial Relations Code, 2020 which consolidate, subsume and replace numerous existing central labour 

45 

legislations. While the rules for implementation under these codes have not been notified, we are yet to determine the impact of all or some such laws on our business and operations which may restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. For example, the Social Security Code aims to provide uniformity in providing social security benefits to the employees which was earlier segregated under different acts and had different applicability and coverage. Further, the Wages Code limits the amounts that may be excluded from being accounted toward employment benefits (such as gratuity and maternity benefits) to a maximum of 50.00% of the wages payable to employees. The implementation of such laws have the ability to increase our employee and labour costs, thereby adversely impacting our results of operations, cash flows, business and financial performance. 

# **_45. A downgrade in credit ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares_** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating was revised in October 2021 from Baa3 with a “negative” outlook to Baa3 with a “stable” outlook by Moody’s, and from BBB- with a “stable” outlook to BBB- with a “negative” outlook (Fitch) in June 2020; and from BBB with a “negative” outlook to BBB (low) with a “stable” outlook by DBRS in May 2021. India’s sovereign ratings from S&P is BBB- with a “stable” outlook in September 2020. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for reasons beyond our control such as, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favourable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_46. If inflation rises in India, increased costs may result in a decline in profits_** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increasing inflation in India could cause a rise in the costs of rent, wages, raw materials and other expenses. High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. If we are unable to increase our revenues sufficiently to offset our increased costs due to inflation, it could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, the GoI has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **_47. Investors may have difficulty in enforcing foreign judgments against our Company or our management._** 

Our Company is a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of India. All of our directors and executive officers are residents of India. All of our Company’s assets are located in India. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process upon us or such persons in India or to enforce judgments obtained against our Company or such parties outside India. 

India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions, which includes, the United Kingdom, Singapore, UAE, and Hong Kong. A judgment from certain specified courts located in a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908, as amended (“Civil Procedure Code”). The United States has not been notified as a reciprocating territory. 

Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 of Civil Code on a statutory basis. Section 13 of the Civil Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated upon, except: (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction; (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case; (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or a refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable; (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice; (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud; and (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law when in force in India. Under the Civil Code, a court in India shall, upon the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. However, under the Civil Code, such presumption may be displaced by proving that the court did not have jurisdiction. 

India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. Section 44A of the Civil Code provides that where a foreign judgment has been rendered by a superior court, within the meaning of that Section, in any country or territory outside of India which the Central Government has by notification declared to be in a reciprocating territory, it may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgment had been rendered by the relevant court in India. However, Section 44A of the Civil Code is applicable only to monetary decrees not being of the same nature as amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges of a like nature or of a fine or other penalties. 

46 

However, the party in whose favour such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States. The suit must be brought in India within three years from the date of the judgment in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a civil liability in India. 

It is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action was brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce a foreign judgment if that court were of the view that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy or Indian practice. It is uncertain as to whether an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments that would contravene or violate Indian law. However, a party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain approval from the RBI under the Indian Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, to execute such a judgment or to repatriate any amount recovered. 

# **_48. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Foreign investment in Indian securities is subject to regulation by Indian regulatory authorities. In addition, under foreign exchange regulations which are currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified under applicable law. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and does not fall under any of the exceptions, then prior approval of the relevant regulatory authority is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India, require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. Further, this conversion is subject to the shares having been held on a repatriation basis and, either the security having been sold in compliance with the pricing guidelines or, the relevant regulatory approval having been obtained for the sale of shares and corresponding remittance of the sale proceeds. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained with or without any particular terms or conditions. 

For further information, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 302. Our ability to raise any foreign capital under the FDI route is therefore constrained by Indian law, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects. 

# **_49. Our ability to raise foreign capital may be constrained by Indian law_** _._ 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and fall under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the RBI’s prior approval is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms, or at all. 

In terms of Press Note 3 of 2020 dated April 17, 2020 and the Consolidated FDI Policy Circular of 2020 issued by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade, the foreign direct investment policy has been recently amended to state that all investments under the foreign direct investment route by entities of a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country will require prior approval of the GoI. Further, in the event of transfer of ownership of any existing or future foreign direct investment in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial ownership falling within the aforesaid restriction/ purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership will also require approval of the GoI. While the term “beneficial owner” is defined under the Prevention of Money-Laundering (Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005 and the General Financial Rules, 2017, neither the foreign direct investment policy nor the FEMA Rules provide a definition of the term “beneficial owner”. The interpretation of “beneficial owner” and enforcement of this regulatory change involves certain uncertainties, which may have an adverse effect on our ability to raise foreign capital. Further, there is uncertainty regarding the timeline within which the said approval from the GoI may be obtained, if at all. 

# **_50. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gain on the sale of the Equity Shares or dividend paid thereon._** 

Under current Indian tax laws and regulations, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Any capital gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares on a Stock Exchange held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to long term capital gains in India. Further, any capital gains realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. The rates of capital gain tax depend upon certain factors, such as whether the sale is undertaken on or off the Stock Exchanges, the quantum of gains and any available treaty relief. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) which will be levied and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. 

47 

Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will not be chargeable to tax in India in cases where relief from such taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident and the seller is entitled to avail benefits thereunder, subject to certain conditions. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

The Finance Act, 2019 amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020 clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our Company’s business and operations. 

Additionally, no dividend distribution tax is required to be paid in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. Our Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source pursuant to any corporate action including dividends. 

The Government of India has announced the union budget for financial year 2021, pursuant to which the Finance Bill, 2021 (“Finance Bill”), has introduced various amendments. The Finance Bill has received assent from the President of India on March 28, 2021, and has been enacted as the Finance Act, 2021. There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2021 may have on our business and operations. 

# **_51. Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our AoA, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and widespread as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

# **_52. We may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could in turn adversely affect our business_ .** 

The Competition Act, 2002, as amended (“ **Competition Act** ”), regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India and was enacted for the purpose of preventing practices that have or are likely to have an adverse effect on competition in India and has mandated the Competition Commission of India (“ **CCI** ”) to prevent such practices. Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition is considered void and results in the imposition of substantial monetary penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly: (i) involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or provision of services; (ii) shares the market or source of production or provision of services by way of allocation of geographical area, type of goods or services or number of customers in the relevant market; or (iii) directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. On March 4, 2011, the GoI notified and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to, and pre-approved by, the CCI. Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued the Competition Commission of India (Procedure for Transaction of Business Relating to Combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. The CCI, has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. Further, if it is proved that any contravention committed by a company took place with the consent or connivance or is attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other officer of such company, that person shall be guilty of the contravention and may be punished. It is unclear as to how the Competition Act and the CCI will affect the business environment in India. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain approval for any future acquisitions on satisfactory terms, or at all. If we are affected directly or indirectly by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act or any proceedings initiated by the CCI or any other relevant authority (or any other claim by any other party under the Competition Act) or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution under the Competition Act, including by way of financial penalties, our reputation may also be materially and adversely affected. We are not currently party to any outstanding proceedings, nor have we received notice in relation to non-compliance with the Competition Act or the agreements entered into by us. 

48 

# **Risk Related to the Offer** 

**_53. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and may experience price and volume fluctuations following the completion of the Offer. Further, our Equity Shares may not result in an active or liquid market and the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price or at all._** 

We cannot guarantee that an active trading market will develop or be sustained after the offering. Nor can we predict the prices at which the Equity Shares may trade after the offering. The Offer Price of our Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. If you purchase the Equity Shares in our initial public offering, you may not be able to resell them at or above the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that the Offer Price of the Equity Shares, or the market price following our initial public offering, will equal or exceed prices in privately negotiated transactions of our shares that may have occurred from time to time prior to our initial public offering. The market price of the Equity Shares may decline or fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: 

- developments with respect to the spread or worsening of the COVID-19 pandemic; 

- the impact of COVID-19 on our business operations and our ability to be able to service customers, and the consequential impact on our operating results; 

- 

   - actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 

- 

   - announcements about our earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements in relation to us or our affiliates and filings with the regulator; 

- significant liability claims, complaints from our customers, shortages or interruptions in the availability of raw materials, or reports of incidents of tampering of raw materials; 

- 

   - changes in senior management or key personnel; 

- 

   - macroeconomic conditions in India; 

- fluctuations of exchange rates; 

- the operating and stock price performance of comparable companies; 

- changes in our shareholder base; 

- changes in our dividend policy; 

- issuances, exchanges or sales, or expected issuances, exchanges or sales; 

- changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; and changes in the regulatory and legal environment in which we operate; or 

- market conditions in the construction and development industry and the domestic and worldwide economies as a whole, including in relation to the COVID-19 crisis. 

Any of these factors may result in large and sudden changes in the volume and trading price of the Equity Shares. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, shareholders have often instituted securities class action litigation against that company. If we were involved in a class action suit, it could divert the attention of management, and, if adversely determined, have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_54. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked securities by us may dilute your shareholding and any sale of Equity Shares by our major shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future issuance of the Equity Shares or securities linked to the Equity Shares by our Company may dilute your shareholding. Any such future issuance of the Equity Shares or future sales of the Equity Shares by any of our significant shareholders may also adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and impact our ability to raise funds through an offering of our securities. Any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. Additionally, the disposal, pledge or encumbrance of the Equity Shares by any of our 

49 

significant shareholders, or the perception that such transactions may occur, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that our existing Shareholder including our Promoters will not dispose of further Equity Shares after the completion of the Offer (subject to compliance with the lock-in provisions under the SEBI ICDR Regulations) or pledge or encumber its Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of shareholder’s investment in the Equity Shares and adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Such securities may also be issued at prices below the Offer Price. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. 

# **_55. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by shareholders of such company. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company may be reduced. 

# **_56. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed including Allotment pursuant to the Offer within such time as mandated under the UPI Circulars, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

# **_57. There is no guarantee that the Offer will be successful._** 

If our Company does not receive sufficient subscription in the Offer to meet (i) 90.00% of the Fresh Issue; and (ii) subscription of such number of Offered Shares of Clear Vision as required to ensure that Clear Vision Investment Holdings Pte. Limited’s post-Offer shareholding in our Company is not more than 24.90%, the Offer would be deemed to be unsuccessful, and refund of the entire subscription amount would be initiated, in accordance with applicable law. For details, see “ _Terms of the Offer_ ” beginning on page 280. 

# **_58. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in USA, Europe, China and certain emerging economies in Asia. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on India. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (“ **Brexit** ”), the United Kingdom ratified a trade and cooperation agreement governing its future relationship with the European Union, which is being applied provisionally from January 1, 2021 until it is ratified by the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union. Significant political, regulatory and economic uncertainty remains about how the precise terms of the relationship between the parties will differ from the terms before withdrawal, and more generally, as to the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European economies and any consequential impact on global financial markets. For example, Brexit could give rise to increased volatility in foreign exchange rate movements and the value of equity and debt investments. In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. Risks resulting from a relapse in the Eurozone crisis or any future debt crisis in Europe or any similar crisis 

50 

could have a detrimental impact on consumer confidence levels and global economic recovery. The sovereign rating downgrades for Brazil and Russia (and the imposition of sanctions on Russia) have also added to the growth risks for these markets. These factors may also result in a slowdown in India’s export growth. 

These developments, or the perception that any related developments could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_59. The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the Listing Regulations, which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. 

Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

51 

