# **SECTION III - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are now deemed immaterial, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could suffer, the price of the Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. Investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about particular consequences to them of an investment in the Offer. The financial and other related implications of the risk factors, wherever quantifiable, have been disclosed in the risk factors mentioned below. However, there are certain risk factors where the financial impact is not quantifiable and, therefore, such financial impact cannot be disclosed in such risk factors. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. See section “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 17._ 

_To obtain a complete understanding, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with the sections “Our Business”, “Industry Overview” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 151, 106 and 252, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

# **INTERNAL RISKS** 

**1.** **_The continuing impact of the outbreak of the COVID-19 could have a significant effect on our operations, and could negatively impact our business, revenues, financial condition and results of operations._** 

In late calendar 2019, COVID-19, commonly known as “novel coronavirus” was first reported in Wuhan, China. Since then, the virus had progressively spread globally to many countries. The outbreak of COVID-19 was recognized as a public health emergency of international concern on January 30, 2020 and as a pandemic by the WHO on March 11, 2020. In response to the COVID-19 outbreak, the governments of many countries, had/have taken preventive or protective actions, such as imposing country-wide lockdowns, as well as restrictions on travel and business operations. The Government of India had announced a nation-wide lockdown on March 24, 2020 and imposed several restrictions. While progressive relaxations have since been granted for movement of goods and people and cautious re-opening of businesses and offices, lockdowns may be re-introduced in the future. Certain countries have reinstated lockdown conditions due to a “second wave” of the COVID-19 outbreak and the discovery of new strains of the coronavirus, and the Central Government and State Governments may reinstate complete lockdown conditions or impose additional restrictions. 

The global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has been rapidly evolving and public health officials and governmental authorities have reacted by taking measures, including in the regions in which we operate, such as prohibiting people from assembling in heavily populated areas, instituting quarantines, restricting travel, issuing lockdown orders and restricting the types of businesses that may continue to operate, ‘stay-at-home’ orders, and enforcing remote working regulations. These measures have led to a significant decline in economic activities. No prediction can be made of when any of the restrictions currently in place will be relaxed or when further restrictions will be announced. Although some governments are beginning to ease or lift such restrictions, the impact from the severe disruptions caused by the effective shutdown of large segments of the global economy remain unknown. 

In light of the COVID-19 pandemic, our manufacturing facilities were also shut down by us for a period of 12 days starting from March 24, 2020. We have since then implemented greater safety procedures and requirements at our manufacturing facilities to meet the government’s requirement on sanitisation, and social distancing. However, due to limited availability of labour, logistics and supply chain constraints, our manufacturing facilities were initially operating at sub-optimal capacity utilization. Subsequently, our capacity utilization has improved, raw material suppliers have resumed operations and supply and logistics have become more regular. 

24 

However, the scale of the pandemic and the extent to which the local and global community has been impacted, our quarterly and annual revenue growth rates and expenses as a percentage of our revenues, may differ significantly from our historical rates, and our future operating results may fall below expectations. The impact of the pandemic on our business, operations and future financial performance include, but are not limited to the following: 

- our ability to travel, interact with potential customers, pursue partnerships and other business transactions; 

- our inability to source key raw materials as a result of the temporary or permanent closure of the facilities of suppliers of our key raw materials; 

- a portion of our workforce being unable to work, including because of travel or government restrictions in connection with COVID-19, including stay at home order, which could result in a slowdown in our operations; 

- our strategic projects/ proposed products becoming delayed; 

- delays in orders or delivery of orders, which may negatively impact our cash conversion cycle and ability to convert our backlog into cash; 

- inability to collect full or partial payments from customers due to deterioration in customer liquidity; 

- uncertainty as to what conditions must be satisfied before government authorities completely lift lockdown orders; and 

- the potential negative impact on the health of our employees, particularly if a significant number of them are afflicted by COVID-19, could result in a deterioration in our ability to ensure business continuity during this disruption. 

Further, we generate our revenues from different geographies due to exports. The effects of COVID-19 in India and the geographies we operate in may last for different duration or have different magnitude in different countries which may make it difficult for us to normalise the operations. 

Any resulting financial impact due to the above cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. The extent to which the COVID-19 impacts our business and results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, such as new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions taken globally to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. In addition, we cannot predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our customers, suppliers and other business partners, and each of their financial conditions; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact us. Existing insurance coverage may not provide protection for all costs that may arise from all such possible events. To the extent that the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this “ _Risk Factors_ ” section. In addition, our Statutory Auditors have included an emphasis of matter in the auditors' reports on the audited financial statements of our Company and subsidiary, TC USA as at and for the period ended March 31, 2021 drawing attention to note in financial statements for describing possible effect of uncertainties relating to COVID-19 pandemic on our financial performance, and to highlight the fact that their attendance of the physical inventory verification was impracticable, and accordingly had to rely on alternative audit procedures to obtain comfort over the existence and condition of inventory at the end of the year . 

As a result of these uncertainties, the impact may vary significantly from that estimated by our management from time to time, and any action to contain or mitigate such impact, whether government-mandated or opted by us, may not have the anticipated effect or may fail to achieve its intended purpose altogether. 

# **2.** **_Unplanned slowdowns or shutdowns in our manufacturing operations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business is dependent upon our ability to efficiently manage our manufacturing facilities, which are subject to various operating risks, including productivity of our workforce, compliance with regulatory requirements and circumstances beyond our control, such as the breakdown and failure of equipment or industrial accidents, severe weather conditions, natural disasters and infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Any malfunction or breakdown of our machinery may require significant repair costs and consequently cause delays in our operations. We may also face protests from local citizens at our existing manufacturing facility or while setting up new facilities, which may delay or halt our operations. In addition, due to COVID-19, operations at our manufacturing facilities were temporarily suspended from March 24, 2020 to April 4, 2020. Our operations also require a significant amount and continuous supply of electricity, fuel, and water and any shortage or nonavailability of such utilities may adversely affect our operations. Production of specialty chemicals typically 

25 

requires a large amount of water at various stages of processing. Any interruption in the continuous supply of water and electricity may negatively impact the quality of the final product manufactured by us, which may result in delays in delivery of our products or non-delivery, resulting in loss of revenue and damage to our reputation or customer relationship. A prolonged interruption of water or electricity supply can also result in production slowdown or shutdowns, increased costs associated with restarting production and the loss of production in progress. 

The occurrence of any such event in the future could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our inability to effectively respond to any shutdown or slowdown and rectify any disruption, in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, could lead to an inability to comply with our customers’ requirements and result in us breaching our contractual obligations. 

**3.** **_We are subject to quality requirements and strict technical specifications and audits by our institutional customers. Our failure to comply with the quality standards and technical specifications prescribed by such customers may lead to loss of business from such customers and could negatively impact our reputation, which would have an adverse impact on our business prospects and results of operations._** 

We primarily specialize in manufacture and supply of specialty chemicals. Given the nature of our products, our customers have high standards for product quality as well as delivery schedules. Adherence to quality standards is a critical factor in our manufacturing process as any defects in the products manufactured by our Company or failure to comply with the technical specifications of our customers may lead to cancellation of the orders placed by our customers. 

Further, any failure to make timely deliveries of products in the desired quantity as per our customers’ requirements could also result in the cancellation of orders placed by our customers and may adversely affect our reputation and goodwill. Additionally, prior to placing the orders, there is a detailed audit and review process that is undertaken by certain customers (which may be undertaken multiple times over a period of time). This may involve inspection of the manufacturing facility, review of the manufacturing processes, review of the raw materials, review of our financial capabilities, technical review of the specification of the proposed product, review of our logistical capabilities, and reviews of our product. The finished product delivered by us is further subject to laboratory validation by certain customers. As per the purchase arrangements with certain customers, in the event our products do not comply with the specification provided by our customers or if there is a recall of our products by us, our supplies may be rejected and we may also be required to reimburse our customer for any losses suffered as a result of our non-compliance. We are therefore subject to a stringent quality control mechanism at each stage of the manufacturing process and are required to maintain the quality and precision level for each product. As a result, we are required to incur expenses to maintain our quality assurance systems such as periodic checking by the operators to ensure there is no defect from the previous stage operator, forming a separate team of engineers responsible for quality and assurance both in the manufacturing facility and machineries, and in the manufacturing processes. We will continue to spend a portion of our future revenues to manage our product quality and to maintain our quality control, a failure of which may negatively impact our profitability. 

# **4.** **_Increase in the cost of raw materials could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial conditions._** 

Our largest expense is our cost of raw materials. Our primary raw materials include tertiary amines, alkyl halides, general solvents and other general and fine chemicals. Our cost of raw materials consumed was ₹ 1,509.12 million, ₹ 1,461.59 million and ₹ 1,182.92 million, which represented 50.24%, 55.52%, and 57.34% of our revenue from operations in Fiscals 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. The expenditure incurred in respect of our top 10 suppliers was ₹ 766.50 million, ₹ 897.91 million and ₹ 566.98 million, contributed 48.64%, 58.40%, 48.57%, respectively, to the purchases of raw materials and components during the year in Fiscals 2021, 2020, and 2019. We do not have long term agreements with most of our raw material suppliers and we acquire such raw materials pursuant to our purchase orders from suppliers as a result of which, we are required to forecast our supply and demand. Our inability to correctly forecast demand and supply may have a material adverse impact on our working capital, our business and our results of operations. 

Raw material supply and pricing can be volatile due to a number of factors beyond our control, including demand and supply, general economic and political conditions, transportation and labour costs, natural disasters, competition and there are inherent uncertainties in estimating such variables, regardless of the methodologies and assumptions that we may use. Further, discontinuation of such supply or a failure of these suppliers to adhere to the delivery schedule or the required quality could hamper our production schedule and therefore affect our 

26 

business and results of operations. There can be no assurance that demand, capacity limitations or other problems experienced by our suppliers will not result in occasional shortages or delays in their supply of raw materials. If we were to experience a significant or prolonged shortage of raw materials from any of our suppliers, and we cannot procure the raw materials from other sources, we would be unable to meet our production schedules for our key products and to deliver such products to our customers in a timely manner, which would adversely affect our sales, margins and customer relations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that we will be able to procure adequate supplies of raw materials in the future, as and when we need them and on commercially acceptable terms. 

Further, the price of our product is generally fixed at the time the purchase order is issued to us by our customers and therefore we may not be able to pass on an increase in cost of raw material to our customers. We have also agreed to supply binding supply volumes under purchase arrangements with certain large institutional customers, which restricts our ability to reject certain volumes demanded by such customers. To the extent that we are unable to successfully manage related risks and secure adequate supplies of raw materials on commercially reasonable terms or to pass on price increases to our customers, our profitability may be adversely impacted. 

# **5.** **_Our business subjects us to risks in multiple countries that could materially adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and prospects._** 

We export most of our products to over 25 countries, including the USA, China, Germany, Japan, South Africa and the UK. During the Fiscals ended March 31, 2019, 2020, and 2021, exports of products amounted to ₹ 1,435.19 million, ₹ 2,020.20 million and ₹ 2,119.92 million, which accounted for 69.57%, 76.74%, and 70.58%, of our revenue from operations, respectively. In addition, Germany, USA, and China contributed 27.21%, 21.64%, and 6.41% in Fiscal 2019; 14.56%, 25.93%, and 16.47% in Fiscal 2020; and 1.44%, 14.81%, and 17.94% in Fiscal 2021, respectively, to our revenue from operations for such Fiscals. As a result of our existing and expanding international operations, we are subject to risks inherent to establishing and conducting operations on an international scale, including: 

- cost structures and language factors associated with managing and coordinating our international operations; 

- • compliance with a wide range of regulatory requirements, foreign laws, including immigration, labour and tax laws; 

- ability to obtain the necessary approval from regulatory authorities, as applicable, for the products which we intend to sell; 

- difficulty in managing foreign operations; 

- potential difficulties with respect to protection of our intellectual property rights in some countries which may result in infringement by others of our intellectual property rights; 

- social, economic, political, geopolitical conditions and adverse weather conditions, such as natural disasters, civil disturbance, terrorist attacks, war or other military action; 

- unavailability or shortage of vessels and containers for export and import consignments; 

- outbreaks of diseases, such as COVID-19, resulting in a widespread health crisis; and 

- fluctuation in the exchange rate. 

The growth in size or scope of our business, expansion of our footprint in existing regions in which we operate and entry into new markets also will expose us to regulatory regimes with which we have no prior direct experience and expansion into new product areas could lead to our becoming subject to additional or different laws and regulations, and consequently subject to additional costs. If any of these risks materialise, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, results of operations and prospects. 

**6.** **_We intend to utilise a portion of the Net Proceeds for funding our capital expenditure requirements for the proposed expansion of the Dahej Manufacturing Facility and the upgradation at our research and development facility in Vadodara and if the costs of setting up and the possible time or cost overruns related to the said expansion and upgradation are higher than expected, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects._** 

The Offer is for such number of Equity Shares aggregating up to ₹ 5,000.00 million comprising of a Fresh Issue aggregating up to ₹ 2,250.00 million by our Company and an Offer of Sale aggregating up to ₹ 2,750.00 million by the Selling Shareholders. The Fresh Issue and the Offer for Sale constitute up to 45.00% and 55.00% of the size of the Offer, respectively. However, the entire proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be paid to the Selling Shareholders and our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. The proceeds from the Fresh Issue less the Offer related expenses applicable to the Fresh Issue constitute the Net Proceeds, which we 

27 

intend to utilise towards the proposed objects of the Offer. We intend to utilise a portion of the Net Proceeds for funding our capital expenditure requirements for expansion of our Dahej Manufacturing Facility; and for upgradation at our R&D facility in Vadodara, among others. We have estimated the total cost of such capital expenditure to be ₹ 1,710.71 million, which has been certified by Projectplus Consultants LLP, pursuant to their report dated July 5, 2021. However, such total estimated cost and related fund requirements have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. The completion of the said upgradation and expansion is dependent on the performance of external agencies, which are responsible for _inter alia_ construction of buildings, installation and commissioning of plant and machinery and supply and testing of equipment. We cannot assure you that the performance of external agencies will meet the required specifications or performance parameters. We may not be able to identify suitable replacement external agencies in a timely manner. If the performance of these agencies is inadequate in terms of the requirements, this may result in incremental cost and time overruns. 

Further, we have not entered into any definitive agreements to utilize the Net Proceeds for this object of the Offer and have relied on the quotations received from third parties for estimation of the cost. While we have obtained the quotations from various vendors in relation to such capital expenditure, most of these quotations are valid for a certain period of time and may be subject to revisions, and other commercial and technical factors. Additionally, we are yet to place orders for 92.35% of the plant and machinery (in terms of the aggregate estimated cost of plant and machinery for the proposed expansion), amounting to ₹ 509.45 million in relation to the expansion of our Dahej Manufacturing facility. For further details please refer to “ _Objects of the Offer_ **_”_** on page 84. Further, the estimated costs for expansion of our Dahej Manufacturing Facility; and for upgradation at our R&D facility in Vadodara are based on management estimates and current conditions and are subject to change, owing to prospective changes in external circumstances, costs, and other financial conditions. There could be delays in the said expansion or upgradation as a result of, among other things, requirement of obtaining approvals from statutory or regulatory authorities, contractors’ or external agencies’ failure to perform, exchange rate fluctuations, unforeseen engineering problems, disputes with workers, increase in input costs of construction materials and labour costs, incremental preoperative expenses, taxes and duties, interest and finance charges, EPC and non-EPC costs, cost escalation and/or force majeure events (including the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic), any of which could give rise to cost overruns and delays in our implementation schedules. 

If our actual capital expenditures on these significantly exceed our budgets, or even if our budgets were sufficient to cover these projects, we may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits of these projects, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete the aforementioned expansion or commissioning of our plants and additions in accordance with the proposed schedule of implementation and any delay could have an adverse impact on our growth, prospects, cash flows and financial condition. 

**7.** **_Our management has discretion in how it may use the proceeds of the Offer. Any variation in the utilisation of our Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval._** 

Our use of the proceeds of the Offer is at the discretion of the management of our Company. As described in the section titled “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 84, we intend to use the Net Proceeds for various purposes, including but not limited to, (i) funding capital expenditure requirements for expansion of our Dahej Manufacturing Facility; (ii) funding capital expenditure requirements for upgradation at our R&D facility in Vadodara; and (iii) general corporate purposes. However, we have not entered into any definitive agreements and do not have any definite and specific commitments towards the aforementioned purposes for which our Company intends to use the Net Proceeds. Further, the Net Proceeds are intended to be utilized by the Company only and none of the members of our Promoter Group or Group Companies will receive any portion of the Net Proceeds. The planned use of the Net Proceeds is based on current conditions and is subject to changes in external circumstances, costs, other financial conditions or business strategies. Any variation in the planned use of the Net Proceeds would require Shareholders’ approval and may involve considerable time or cost overrun and in such an eventuality it may adversely affect our operations or business. In the event that there is such a change in the objects of the Offer, our Promoters shall provide an exit offer to dissenting shareholders as provided for in the Companies Act, 2013 and in terms of the conditions and manner prescribed under Schedule XX of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 

# **8.** **_We depend on limited number of suppliers for certain raw materials. The loss of one or more such suppliers could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We currently rely on limited number of suppliers to provide certain raw materials. We do not have long-term agreements with such suppliers, and the loss of one or more of such suppliers or a reduction in the amount of raw 

28 

materials we obtain from them could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our reliance on a select group of suppliers may also constrain our ability to negotiate our arrangements, which may have an impact on our profit margins and financial performance. Our suppliers could fail to meet their obligations, which may have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. The deterioration of the financial condition or business prospects of these suppliers could reduce their ability to meet our requirements and accordingly result in a significant decrease in our revenues. Further, there can be no assurance that strong demand, capacity limitations or other problems experienced by our suppliers will not result in occasional shortages or delays in their supply of raw materials and packing material. If we experience a significant or prolonged shortage of raw materials or packing material from any of our suppliers, and we cannot procure the raw materials or packing material from other sources, we will be unable to meet our production schedules and customer orders in a timely manner, which will adversely affect our sales and customer relations. In the absence of long-term supply agreements, there can be no assurance that a particular supplier will continue to supply our products in the future. Any change in the supplying pattern of our raw materials and packing material can adversely affect our business and profits. 

**9.** **_We commit substantial effort, funds and other resources towards our research and development activities in order to introduce new products and respond to changing customer preferences, and our inability to do the same in a timely and effective manner, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The success of our business depends upon our ability to anticipate and identify changes in the preferences of our customers and offer them products that they require, on a timely basis. Although we seek to identify such trends and introduce new products, we cannot assure you that our products would gain consumer acceptance or that we will be able to successfully compete in such new product segments. In order to remain competitive, we must develop, test and manufacture new products, which must meet regulatory standards and receive requisite regulatory approvals. 

To accomplish this, we commit substantial effort, funds and other resources towards our R&D activities and we have set-up a dedicated R&D centre in Vadodara, Gujarat. In Fiscals 2021, 2020, and 2019, our total expenditure for R&D activities was ₹ 51.14 million, ₹ 39.94 million, and ₹ 39.39 million, respectively, representing 1.70%, 1.52%, and 1.91% of our revenue from operations, for the respective periods. For details, please see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Significant Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations and Financial Condition – R&D and innovation efforts and growth of our new products_ ” on page 255. However, our ongoing investments in research and development for new products and processes may result in higher costs without a proportionate increase in revenues. Delays in any part of the process, our inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals for our products or failure of a product to be successful at any stage could adversely affect our business. Consequently, any failure on our part to successfully introduce new products and processes may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**10.** **_Our Company had sought an exemption from the Securites and Exchange Board of India from considering and disclosing (i) Chetan Vasantlal Doshi, Pragnesh Vasantlal Doshi, and Ramila Vasantlal Doshi (the “Concerned Persons”) as a member of the ‘promoter group’ of the Company. We cannot assure that the Concerned Persons are in compliance with the applicable requirements set out under The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018, as amended, in respect of the Offer_** 

Our Company had, vide an exemption application dated March 31, 2021 under Regulation 300 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations submitted to SEBI, sought an exemption from considering and disclosing (i) the Concerned Persons as a member of the ‘promoter group’ of the Company,(ii) any body corporate in which the Concerned Persons or any Hindu undivided family or firm where he is a member, may hold 20% or more of the equity share capital, (iii) any body corporate in which the body corporate mentioned under (ii) above holds 20% or more of the equity share capital, (iv) any Hindu undivided family or firm in which the Concerned Persons may hold 20% or more of the total capital in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. This was owing to the inability of our Company to communicate or obtain information from the Concerned Persons. Our Company received exemption from SEBI in this regard by way of its letter dated June 30, 2021. 

Since our Company and the Promoters do not maintain contact or relationship with the Concerned Persons, we cannot assure you that Concerned Persons are in compliance with the requirements set out in the SEBI ICDR Regulations applicable to the Offer, in respect of the members of the Promoter Group. Further, we cannot assure 

29 

that the Concerned Persons will not trade in the Equity Shares of our Company in compliance with the conditions applicable to the members of the Promoter Group of our Company under applicable law. 

**11.** **_We derive a significant portion of our revenue from a few customers and the loss of one or more such customers, the deterioration of their financial condition or prospects, or a reduction in their demand for our products may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

While we typically have long term relationships with our customers, we do not have long term agreements with them. The success of our business is accordingly significantly dependent on us maintaining good relationships with our customers and suppliers. While our Company has a number of customers, we are dependent on a limited number of customers for a significant portion of our revenue. Our top 10 customers contributed ₹ 1,801.74 million, ₹ 1,538.47 million, ₹ 969.37 million, which accounted for 59.99%, 58.44%, and 46.99%, respectively, to our revenue from operations in Fiscals 2021, 2020, and 2019. For details, please see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Significant Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations and Financial Condition – Relationship with key customers_ ” on page 255. 

The actual sales by our Company may differ from the estimates of our management due to the absence of long term agreements. The loss of one or more of these significant customers or a reduction in the amount of business we obtain from them could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain historic levels of business and/or negotiate and execute long term contracts on terms that are commercially viable with our significant customers or that we will be able to significantly reduce customer concentration in the future. 

**12.** **_Non-compliance with and changes in, safety, health, environmental and labour laws and other applicable regulations, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are subject to laws and government regulations, including in relation to safety, health, environmental protection and labour. These laws and regulations impose controls on air and water discharge, noise levels, storage handling, employee exposure to hazardous substances and other aspects of our manufacturing operations. Further, our products, including the process of manufacture, storage and distribution of such products, are subject to numerous laws and regulations in relation to quality, safety and health. We handle and use hazardous materials in our R&D and manufacturing activities and the improper handling or storage of these materials could result in accidents, injure our personnel, property and damage the environment. We obtain the requisite registrations and approvals from time to time and aim to prevent such hazards by training our personnel, conducting industrial hygiene assessments and employing other prescribed safety measures. 

Further, laws and regulations may limit the amount of hazardous and pollutant discharge that our manufacturing facilities may release into the air and water. The discharge of materials that are chemical in nature or of other hazardous substances into the air, soil or water beyond these limits may cause us to be liable to regulatory bodies or third parties. Any of the foregoing could subject us to litigation, which could lower our profits in the event we were found liable, and could also adversely affect our reputation. Additionally, the government or the relevant regulatory bodies may require us to shut down our manufacturing plants, which in turn could lead to product shortages that delay or prevent us from fulfilling our obligations to customers. For instance, pursuant to proceedings initiated by the Gujarat Pollution Control Board, by way of an order dated February 25, 2021, the 3<sup>rd</sup> Additional Chief Judicial Magistrate, Ankleshwar, Bharuch, held that our Company, our Promoters, and one of our employees, were liable for the payment of a fine of ₹ 0.25 million owing to the breach of certain provisions of the Environment Protection Act, 1986, and which has been paid by our Company, on behalf of itself, the Promoters, and the employee as required. 

We are also subject to the laws and regulations governing employees, including in relation to minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, maternity leave, hiring and termination of employees, contract labour and work permits. We have incurred and expect to continue incurring costs for compliance with such laws and regulations. These laws and regulations have, however, become increasingly stringent and it is possible that they will become significantly more stringent in the future. If we are unable to remain in compliance with all applicable environmental, health and safety and labour laws, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**13.** **_The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoter Selling Shareholders and the Promoter Group Selling Shareholders may be lower than the Floor Price._** 

30 

The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoter Selling Shareholders and the Promoter Group Selling Shareholders may be lower than the Floor Price. For further details regarding the average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoter Selling Shareholders and the Promoter Group Selling Shareholders in our Company, please see “ _Summary of the Offer Document – Average cost of acquisition_ ” on page 22. 

# **14.** **_A downgrade in our credit rating could adversely affect our ability to raise capital in the future._** 

Our Company has received the following credit ratings from CRISIL Ratings vide its letter dated June 30, 2021: 

||**Ratings**<br>|
|---|---|
|Long term rating|CRISIL A-/ Stable (Upgraded from‘CRISIL BBB+/ Stable’)|
|Short term rating|CRISIL A2+/ Stable (Upgradedfrom ‘CRISIL A2’)|



Our credit ratings, which are intended to measure our ability to meet our debt obligations, are a significant factor in determining our finance costs. The interest rates of certain of our borrowings may be significantly dependent on our credit ratings. A downgrade of our credit ratings could lead to greater risk with respect to refinancing our debt and would likely increase our cost of borrowing and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

# **15.** **_This Red Herring Prospectus contains information from an industry report which we have commissioned from Frost & Sullivan. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate._** 

This Red Herring Prospectus includes industry-related information that is derived from an industry report dated March 30, 2021 titled “ _Independent Market Report – India Chemicals and Specialty Chemicals Market_ ” (“ **Report** ”), prepared by Frost & Sullivan, pursuant to an engagement with the Company. Frost & Sullivan was appointed by our Company by way of a letter of agreement dated January 5, 2021. We commissioned and paid for this report for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the specialty chemicals manufacturing industry in India. Our Company, our Promoters, and our Directors are not related to Frost & Sullivan. Neither we, nor any of the Book Running Lead Managers, nor any other person connected with the Offer has verified such information in the commissioned report. Frost & Sullivan has advised that while it has taken reasonable care to ensure the accuracy and completeness of the commissioned report, it believes that the Report presents a true and fair view of the industry within the limitations of, among others, secondary statistics and primary research, and does not purport to be exhaustive, and that the results that can be or are derived from these findings are based on certain assumptions and parameters/conditions. As such, a blanket, generic use of the derived results or the methodology is not encouraged. 

The commissioned report also highlights certain industry and market data, which may be subject to assumptions. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which we conduct our business, and methodologies and assumptions vary widely among different industry sources. Further, such assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that Frost & Sullivan’s assumptions are correct or will not change and, accordingly, our position in the market may differ, favourably or unfavourably, from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the commissioned report is not a recommendation to invest or disinvest in our Company. Prospective Investors are advised not to unduly rely on the commissioned report or extracts thereof as included in this Red Herring Prospectus, when making their investment decisions. 

# **16.** **_Our manufacturing facilities are concentrated in a single region and any adverse developments affecting this region could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our manufacturing facilities are located in Ankleshwar and Dahej in Gujarat. Consequently, any significant social, political or economic disruption, or natural calamities or civil disruptions in this region, or changes in the policies of the state or local governments of this region or the Government of India, may require us to suspend our operations, either temporarily or permanently, incur significant capital expenditure and change our business strategy. The occurrence of, or our inability to effectively respond to any such event, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**17.** **_We do not have any long term agreements with most of our customers, and the loss of one or more of them or a reduction in their demand for our products could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

31 

We typically do not have firm commitment long-term supply agreements with most of our customers and instead rely on short term purchase orders to govern the volume and other terms of our sales of products, from our customers. The purchase orders we receive from our customers specify a price per unit, delivery schedule, and the quantities to be delivered, however, such orders may be amended or cancelled prior to finalisation, and should such an amendment or cancellation take place, it may adversely impact our revenue and production schedules. 

Additionally, our customers have high and stringent standards for product quantity and quality as well as delivery schedules. Any failure to meet our customers’ expectations and specifications could result in the cancellation or non-renewal of contracts or purchase orders. There are also a number of factors, other than our performance that could cause the loss of a customer. Customers may also demand, among others, price reductions, setoff any payment obligations, require indemnification for themselves or their affiliates, change their outsourcing strategy by moving more work in-house, or replace their existing products with alternative products. In addition, our customers may shift the location of their plants, including to other countries, which may make our products loses their competitive edge. Any of these factors may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Accordingly, we face the risk that our customers might not place any order or might place orders of lesser than expected size or may even cancel existing orders or make change in their policies which may result in reduced quantities being manufactured by us. Cancellations, reductions or instructions to delay production (thereby delaying delivery of products manufactured by us) by a significant customer could adversely affect our results of operations by reducing our sales volume, as well as by possibly causing delay in our customers’ paying us for the order placed for purchasing the inventory with us which we would have manufactured for them. We may not find any customers or purchasers for the surplus or excess capacity, in which case we would be forced to incur a loss. In addition, we make significant decisions, including determining the levels of business that we will seek and accept, production schedules, personnel requirements and other resource requirements, based on our estimates of customer orders. The changes in demand for their products (which are in turn manufactured by us) could reduce our ability to estimate accurately future customer requirements, make it difficult to schedule production and limit our ability to maximize utilization of our manufacturing capacity. The requirements of our customers are not restricted to one type of product and therefore variations in demand for certain types of products also requires us to make certain changes in our manufacturing processes thereby affecting our production schedules. We often increase staffing, increase capacity and incur other expenses to meet the anticipated demand of our customers, which could cause reductions in our margins if an order gets delayed or cancelled or modified. 

**18.** **_We may not be able to renew or maintain our statutory and regulatory permits and approvals required to operate our business, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are required to obtain and maintain various statutory and regulatory permits and approvals to operate our business in relation to the above laws and regulations, which requires us to comply with certain terms and conditions to continue our operations. Further, many of these approvals require renewal from time to time and we may be unable to procure some of these approvals within stipulated timelines. For details of pending material approvals of our Company, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 301. Although we have no reason to believe that such statutory and regulatory permits and approvals will not be granted and/or renewed as and when requested, we cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain, renew or obtain any required statutory and regulatory permits and approvals in the future, in a timely manner, or that no additional requirement will be imposed in connection with such request. We also cannot assure you that we will comply with all our obligations with governmental agencies, including obtaining or renewing the necessary operating permits in a timely manner. In the event that we are unable to renew or maintain our statutory permits and approvals or comply with any or all of their applicable terms and conditions, or seek waivers or extensions of time for complying with such terms and conditions, our operations may be interrupted and penalties may be imposed on us by the relevant authorities. 

With respect to our proposed expansion of our Dahej Manufacturing Facility and the upgradation of our R&D Facility at Vadodara, while we are not required to obtain any specific approval or license at this stage, we may in the future, at future relevant stages require to apply for and obtain any such approvals or licenses that may be required to be obtained. We cannot assure you that we shall be able to obtain such licenses or approvals on a timely manner or at all which may affect the timelines. For further details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 84. 

**19.** **_We operate in a hazardous industry and are subject to certain business and operational risks consequent to our operations, such as, the manufacture, usage and storage of various hazardous substances._** 

32 

Our manufacturing processes involve manufacturing, storage and transportation of various hazardous and flammable substances. Accordingly, while we believe we have invested in engineering and safety infrastructure, provided adequate training to our employees and engaged external and internal experts, we may still be subject to operating risks associated with handling of such hazardous materials such as the possibility for leakages and ruptures from containers, explosions, and the discharge or release of toxic or hazardous substances, which in turn may cause industrial accidents, fire, personal injury, loss of human life, damage to our and third-party property damage and environmental contamination. In the event of occurrence of any such accidents, our business operations may be interrupted. Any of these occurrences may result in the shutdown of one or more of our manufacturing facilities and expose us to civil or criminal liability, including significant penalties, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, certain environmental laws impose strict liability for accident/damages resulting from hazardous substances and any failure to comply with such laws may lead to penalties, fines and imprisonment. 

**20.** **_If we are unable to sustain or manage our growth, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected._** 

We have experienced significant growth in the past three Fiscals. Our revenue from operations grew at a CAGR of 20.66% _,_ our EBITDA grew at a CAGR of 44.52% and our profit after tax has increased at a CAGR of 59.50% from Fiscal 2019 to Fiscal 2021. We cannot assure you that our growth strategy will continue to be successful or that we will be able to continue to expand further, or at the same rate. 

The success of our business will depend greatly on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategy. Our strategy includes, among others, expansion of our existing product portfolio, further development of our R&D capabilities, increase wallet share with existing customers and continued focus on expansion of our customer base and expansion of our existing manufacturing capacities. For further details, see “ _Our Business – Our Business Strategies_ ” on page 157. Such a growth strategy will place significant demands on our management as well as our operating systems and require us to continuously evolve and improve our operational, financial and internal controls across our organization. In particular, continued expansion increases the challenges involved in: 

- making accurate assessments of the resources we will require; 

- acquiring new customers and increasing or maintaining contribution from existing customers; 

- procuring raw materials at cheap cost; 

- recruiting, training and retaining sufficient skilled management; 

- maintaining high levels of customer satisfaction; and 

- • adhering to expected performance and quality standards. 

The anticipated benefits from these strategies and initiatives are based on several assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate, including assumptions as to the key trends that will drive growth in our business. Moreover, we may not be able to successfully complete these growth initiatives, strategies, and operating plans without making additional expenditures or at all. If we are unable to complete these initiatives, strategies, and operating plans, we may not realize all the benefits we currently anticipate, including the growth targets and cost savings, we expect to achieve. 

A variety of risks could cause us not to realize some or all the expected benefits. These risks include, among others, delays in the anticipated timing of activities related to such growth initiatives, strategies, and operating plans; the secular trends on which many of our strategies and initiatives are based not materializing or not materializing to the degree expected; increased difficulty and cost in implementing our growth efforts; inability to raise funds in the future, including for the purposes of future capital expenditure, and the incurrence of other unexpected costs associated with operating the business. 

Many of these factors are beyond our control and there is no assurance that we will succeed in implementing our strategy. If any of the assumptions underlying our growth initiatives prove to be inaccurate or any of the foregoing risks materialize, we may not realize the expected benefits of our initiatives and we may be adversely affected. Further, as we scale-up and diversify our products, we may not be able to execute our operations efficiently, which may result in delays, increased costs and lower quality products. We cannot assure you that our future performance or growth strategy will be in line with our past performance or growth strategy. If, for any reason, the benefits we realize are less than our estimates or the implementation of these growth initiatives, strategies, and operating plans adversely affect our operations or cost more or take longer to effectuate than we expect, or if our assumptions, including our assumptions with respect to growth of our end-markets, prove inaccurate, our business, financial 

33 

condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

**21.** **_Our commercial success depends on the success of our customer’s products with end consumers. Any decline in the demand for our customer’s products would adversely impact the demand for our products._** 

Our products are used by our customers as raw materials in the production of emission control mechanisms, disinfectants, pesticides, APIs among others. Our commercial success also depends to a large extent on the success of our customers’ products with end consumers. The success of the end products manufactured by our customers depends on our customers’ ability to identify early on, and correctly assess consumer market preferences. We cannot assure you that our customers will correctly assess consumer preferences in a timely manner or that demand for goods in which our products are used will not decline. If the demand for the products in which our products are used declines, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **22.** **_Our research and development efforts may not produce successful products or enhancements to our products that result in significant revenue or other benefits in the near future, if at all._** 

We have invested a significant amount in research and development in recent years. We expect to continue to dedicate significant financial and other resources to our research and development efforts in order to maintain our competitive position. 

However, investing in research and development, developing new products and enhancing existing processes is expensive and time consuming, and there is no assurance that such activities will result in significant new marketable products or enhancements to our products, design improvements, cost savings, revenues or other expected benefits. If we spend significant time and effort on research and development, but are unable to generate an adequate return on our investment, our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

# **23.** **_Our failure to keep our technical knowledge confidential could erode our competitive advantage._** 

We possess extensive technical knowledge about our products. Such technical knowledge has been built up through our own experiences and through our research and development. Our technical knowledge is a significant independent asset, which may not be adequately protected by intellectual property rights such as patent registration. Some of our technical knowledge is protected only by secrecy. As a result, we cannot be certain that our technical knowledge will remain confidential in the long run. 

Certain proprietary knowledge may get leaked, either inadvertently or wilfully, at various stages of the production process. A significant number of our employees have access to confidential design and product information and there can be no assurance that this information will remain confidential. Moreover, certain of our employees may leave us and join our various competitors. Although we may seek to enforce non-disclosure agreements in respect of research and development with our key employees, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to successfully enforce such agreements. In the event that the confidential technical information in respect of our processes and products or business becomes available to third parties or to the general public, any competitive advantage we may have over our peers could be harmed. If a competitor is able to reproduce or otherwise capitalise on our technology, it may be difficult, expensive or impossible for us to obtain necessary legal protection. Consequently, any leakage of confidential technical information could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects. 

Further, if our customers’ confidential information is misappropriated by us or our employees, our customers may consider us liable for that act and seek damages and compensation from us, in addition, to seeking termination of our engagements with our customers. Assertions of misappropriation of confidential information or the intellectual property of our customers against us, if successful, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if such assertions against us are unsuccessful, they may cause us to incur reputational harm and substantial cost. 

# **24.** **_Any adverse changes in regulations governing our business, products and the products of our customers, may adversely impact our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

Government regulations and policies of India as well as the countries to which we export our products can affect the demand for, expenses related to and availability of our products. We have incurred and expect to continue 

34 

incurring costs for compliance with such laws and regulations. Any changes in government regulations and policies, such as the withdrawal of or changes in tax benefits, incentives and subsidies or anti-dumping duties levied by India or other countries, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Further, regulatory requirements with respect to our products and the products of our customers are subject to change. An adverse change in the regulations governing the development of our products and their usage by our customers, including the development of licensing requirements and technical standards and specifications or the imposition of onerous requirements, may have an adverse impact on our operations. 

Our Company may be required to alter our manufacturing and/or distribution process and target markets and incur capital expenditure to achieve compliance with such new regulatory requirements applicable to us and our customers. We cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with the regulatory requirements. If we fail to comply with new statutory or regulatory requirements, there could be a delay in the submission or grant of approval for manufacturing and marketing new products or we may be required to withdraw existing products from the market. Moreover, if we fail to comply with the various conditions attached to such approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions once received, the relevant regulatory body may suspend, curtail or revoke our ability to market such products and/or we may be deemed to be in breach of our arrangements with our customers. Consequently, there is an inherent risk that we may inadvertently fail to comply with such regulations, which could lead to enforced shutdowns and other sanctions imposed by the relevant authorities, as well as the withholding or delay in receipt of regulatory approvals for our new products, which may adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **25.** **_We are subject to risks resulting from foreign exchange rate fluctuations that could adversely affect our results of operations._** 

We are exposed to risks from foreign exchange rate fluctuations since our business is dependent on imports and exports entailing large foreign exchange transactions, in currencies including the US Dollar and the Euro. In addition, we have certain foreign currency borrowings and our future capital expenditures, including any imported equipment and machinery, may be denominated in foreign currencies. The net gain / loss attributable to foreign exchange rate fluctuations vis-à-vis the revenue from operations attributable to export of products and the cost of raw materials consumed attributable to imports, during the Fiscals ended March 31, 2019, 2020, and 2021, are set out below: 

||**Net gain / (loss) attributable to foreign exchange**<br>**rate fluctuations pertaining to our exports as a**<br>**percentage of our revenue from operations**<br>**attributable to export of products**|**Net gain / (loss) attributable to foreign exchange**<br>**rate fluctuations pertaining to our imports as a**<br>**percentage of our cost of raw materials**<br>**consumed attributable to imports**|
|---|---|---|
|**Fiscal 2021**|0.82%|1.48%|
|**Fiscal 2020**|(0.91)%|(0.40)%|
|**Fiscal 2019**|(0.93)%|(0.82)%|



For further details, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 198. 

The functional currency for our Company’s consolidated financial statements is Indian Rupees. The financial condition, cash flows and results of operations of each of our subsidiaries is reported in the relevant functional currency and then translated to Indian rupee at the applicable currency exchange rates for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. Exchange rates between some of these currencies and the Indian rupee in recent years have fluctuated significantly and may do so in the future, thereby impacting our results of operations and cash flows in Indian rupee terms. In addition, the policies of the RBI may also change from time to time, which may limit our ability to effectively hedge our foreign currency exposures. Significant changes in the value of certain currencies relative to the U.S. dollar and other currencies could also have an adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations and our ability to meet interest and principal payments on foreigncurrency denominated debt. Accordingly, volatility in currency exchange rates may have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **26.** **_Our profitability could suffer if our cost management strategies are unsuccessful or our competitors develop an advantageous cost structure that we cannot match._** 

Our ability to improve or maintain our profitability is dependent on our ability to successfully manage our costs. Our cost management strategies include maintaining appropriate alignment between the demand for our offerings and our resource capacity and maintaining or improving our sales and marketing and general and administrative costs as a percentage of revenues. If our cost management efforts are not successful, our efficiency may suffer 

35 

and we may not achieve desired levels of profitability. In addition, we may not be able to implement our cost management efforts in a manner that permits us to realize the cost savings we anticipate in the time, manner, or amount we currently expect, or at all due to a variety of risks, including, but not limited to, difficulties in integrating shared services within our business, higher than expected employee severance or retention costs, higher than expected overhead expenses, delays in the anticipated timing of activities related to our cost savings plans, and other unexpected costs associated with operating our business. If we are not effective in managing our operating costs in response to changes in demand or pricing, or if we are unable to absorb or pass on increases in the compensation of our employees or costs of raw materials, we may not be able to invest in our business in an amount necessary to achieve our planned rates of growth, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

It may be possible for our current or future competitors to gain an advantage in product technology, manufacturing technology, or process technology, which may allow them to offer products or services that have a significant advantage over our offerings. Advantages could be in price, capacity, performance, reliability, serviceability, industry standards or formats, brand and marketing, or other attributes. If we do not compete successfully by developing and deploying new cost-effective products, processes, and technologies on a timely basis and by adapting to changes in our industry and the global economy, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Similarly, our chemicals are used by manufacturers in a variety of industries. To the extent these industries become more sensitive to input costs, we may face price pressure. Our ability to respond to such pressures depends on the strength and viability of our internal cost management and pricing programs. Any failure of these programs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

# **27.** **_The reputation of our brand is important for our business and is key to our ability to remain a trusted supplier of specialty chemistry and service._** 

The reputation of our brand is important for our business, and is key to our ability to remain a trusted supplier of specialty chemistry and service and to attract and retain customers. We believe that any damage to the brand “Tatva Chintan” or to our reputation could substantially impair our ability to maintain or grow our business, or could have a material adverse effect on our overall business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Any negative publicity regarding our Company or actual, alleged, or perceived issues regarding one of our products or services, particularly given the high cost-of-failure nature of our products and services, could harm our relationship with customers. Failure to protect the reputation of our brand may adversely impact our credibility. In addition, in certain jurisdictions, we may engage sales agents in connection with the sale of certain of our products and services. It is difficult to monitor whether such agents’ representations of our products and services are accurate. Poor representation of our products and services by agents, or entities acting without our permission, could have a material adverse effect on our brand, reputation and our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

In addition, unauthorized parties may infringe upon or misappropriate our intellectual property. In the absence of any intellectual property registrations, we may not be able to initiate an infringement action against any third party who maybe infringing our intellectual property. As a result, we may not be able to prevent infringement of our intellectual property and a passing off action may not provide sufficient protection until such time that this registration is granted. Any unauthorized or inappropriate use of our trademarks and other intellectual property rights by others in their corporate names or product brands or otherwise could harm our brand image, competitive advantages and business, and dilute or harm our reputation and brand recognition. Further, if a dispute arises with respect to any of our intellectual property or proprietary information, we will be required to produce evidence to defend or enforce our claims, and we may become party to litigation, which may strain our resources and divert the attention of our management. We cannot assure you that any infringement claims that are material will not arise in the future or that we will be successful in defending any such claims when they arise. 

**28.** **_We have not been in compliance with certain statutes and rules in the past, including those applicable to us in our capacity as a company. Any further non-compliance of this nature, or adverse order passed by a regulator or statutory authority against us in this regard may affect our reputation, business, operations and financial condition._** 

We have not been in compliance with certain statutes and rules in the past. For instance, in accordance with the Companies Act, our Company was required to constitute a CSR committee, and undertake the necessary 

36 

expenditure and make the corresponding disclosures in the manner prescribed in the Companies Act. However, the Company had failed to do so in Fiscal 2015, pursuant to which, our Company and our Promoters (in their capacity as Directors) had received a show cause notice from the Deputy Registrar of Companies, Gujarat, Dadra and Nagar Haveli. Our Company and Promoters have, since then, compounded this non-compliance, as a consequence of which, our Company and each of our Promoters, were required to pay a fine of ₹ 50,000 each. 

Further, there were two instances in the past where our Company had not filed the particulars of satisfaction of charge created by the Company within the stipulated timelines, pursuant to which our Company had filed applications with the RoC, for the condonation of such delays. The Regional Director (NWR), Ahmedabad had subsequently, pursuant to its orders dated February 26, 2016 condoned such delays, subject to payment of an aggregate of ₹ 21,000 by the Company to the RoC towards costs. 

In addition, our Company has also filed three applications under Section 460 of the Companies Act, for the condonation of delay in filing of the following, with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs and these applications are currently outstanding: 

- the particulars of the special resolution passed by the shareholders of the Company (through Form 23 under the Companies Act, 1956), in relation to the shifting of the registered office of the Company in Fiscal 1998 with the RoC; and 

- the particulars of the resolution passed by the Board and the special resolution passed by the shareholders of the Company (through Form MGT-14 under the Companies Act, 2013), in relation to the authorisation of the Company to create charges on the undertakings of the Company and borrow money in excess of the aggregate of the paid-up capital and free reserves of our Company in Fiscal 2015. 

Our Company has also filed an adjudication application under Section 454 of the Companies Act, 2013, before the RoC with respect to the delay in the appointment of its company secretary as required under the Companies Act in Fiscal 2015. Additionally, our Company has filed an adjudication application under Section 454 of the Companies Act, 2013, before the RoC with respect to its failure to maintain a separate bank account for receipt of application money pursuant to the preferential issue of Equity Shares on March 31, 2015. 

In addition, we have been unable to locate share transfer forms and gift deeds for certain transfers involving our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group. For further details of these transfers, see “ _Capital Structure - Build-up of the Promoters’ and Promoter Group Selling Shareholders’ shareholding in our Company_ ” on page 77. Despite reaching out to the Promoters and the members of the Promoter Group involved in these transfers regarding any documentation which may be available with them and conducting searches of the records maintained by the jurisdictional RoC for the aforesaid secretarial and other corporate documents and records, we have not been able to trace the aforementioned documents. Accordingly, we have relied on other documents, including annual returns, gift declarations, board resolutions, statutory registers, and share transfer certificates for all such transfers. 

Apart from the above, there have also been instances where we have made certain erroneous disclosures in certain annual returns of the Company filed with the RoC, which has resulted in our non – compliance with provisions of the Companies Act, in the past. We cannot assure you that we shall be in compliance with the statutes or regulations which are applicable to us in the future. In the event that we are in violation of any statutes or regulations, or if an adverse order is passed against us in relation to the instances of non-compliances mentioned above, our reputation, business, operations and financial condition may be impacted adversely. 

Further, our erstwhile statutory auditors have not undertaken the audit of the consolidated financial statements of our Company from Fiscal 2016 to 2018. The requirement to prepare consolidated audited financial statements, in their view, was not applicable to us. Consequently, we have filed annual returns for Fiscal 2016 to Fiscal 2018 along with the audited standalone financial statements of our Company, despite having a subsidiary for such period. We cannot assure you that the regulatory authorities would agree with the views of our erstwhile statutory auditors and would not take any action against us. 

# **29.** **_Our direct customers and their direct and indirect customers face numerous competitive challenges, which may materially adversely affect their business and ours._** 

Factors adversely affecting our direct customers and their direct and indirect customers may also adversely affect us. These factors include: 

37 

- recessionary periods in their markets; 

- their inability to adapt to rapidly changing technology and evolving industry standards, which may contribute to short product lifecycles or shifts in their strategies; 

- their inability to develop, market, or gain commercial acceptance of their products, some of which are new and untested; 

- their products becoming commoditized or obsolete; 

- loss of business or a reduction in pricing power experienced by our customers and their direct and indirect customers; 

- the emergence of new business models or more popular products and shifting patterns of demand; 

- a highly competitive consumer products industry, which is often subject to shorter product lifecycles, shifting end-user preferences, and higher revenue volatility; and 

- the loss of manufacturing capacity due to tightening environmental legislation and its enforcement. 

If our customers or our customers’ direct and indirect customers in the ultimate end-markets we serve, are unsuccessful in addressing these competitive challenges, their businesses may be materially adversely affected, reducing the demand for our offerings, decreasing our revenues, or altering our production cycles and inventory management, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

# **30.** **_Our revenue, earnings, and other operating results have fluctuated in the past and may fluctuate in the future._** 

Our revenue, earnings, and other operating results have fluctuated in the past and may fluctuate in the future. In Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, our revenue from operations was ₹ 3,003.59 million, ₹ 2,632.39 million and ₹ 2,063.07 million, respectively. In addition, our profit for the year in Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019 was ₹ 522.62 million, ₹ 377.89 million and ₹ 205.43 million respectively. If demand for our products fluctuates as a result of economic conditions or for other reasons, our revenue and profitability could be impacted. Our future operating results will depend on many factors, including the following: 

- business, political, and macroeconomic changes; 

- seasonality in our business segments; 

- changes in consumer confidence caused by many factors, including changes in interest rates, credit markets, expectations for inflation, unemployment levels, and energy or other commodity prices; 

- fluctuations in demand for our customers’ and their customers’ products; 

- our ability to forecast our customers’ demand for our products accurately; 

- our ability to anticipate secular trends that affect demand for our products and the degree to which those trends materialize; 

- our customers’ ability to manage the inventory that they hold and to forecast accurately their demand for our products; 

- our ability to achieve cost savings and improve yields and margins on our new and existing products; and 

- our ability to utilize our capacity efficiently or acquire additional capacity in response to customer demand. 

It is likely that our future operating results could be adversely affected by one or more of the factors set forth above or other similar factors. If our future operating results are below the expectations of stock market analysts or our investors, our stock price may decline. 

# **31.** **_If we do not continue to attract, motivate, and retain members of our senior management team and qualified employees, we may not be able to support our operations._** 

The completion and execution of our strategies depend on the continued service and performance of our senior management team. If we lose key members of our senior management team, we may not be able to effectively manage our transition to a public company or our current and future operations. 

In addition, our business depends on our ability to continue to attract, motivate, and retain many skilled employees across all of our business lines. There is a limited pool of employees who have the requisite skills, training, and education. We compete with many businesses and organizations that are seeking skilled individuals, particularly those with experience in technology and the sciences and those with doctorate degrees in technical fields. Competition for professionals across our entire business can be intense, as other companies seek to enhance their 

38 

positions in the markets we serve. As competition for experienced talent grows, we may be forced to increase spending on employee salaries which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Future organizational changes and the implementation of our cost savings initiatives could also cause our employee attrition to increase and may result in significant costs to us in connection with implementing such initiatives. If we are unable to continue to identify or be successful in attracting, motivating, and retaining appropriately qualified personnel, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

# **32.** **_Our failure in maintaining our quality accreditations and certifications may negatively impact our brand and reputation._** 

The chemicals manufacturing industry is generally hazardous in nature. We have received a number of quality assurance certifications and accreditations which have certified that our research, development, manufacturing and supply of our chemical products are in compliance with globally accepted manufacturing practices and quality standards. For instance, we have received certifications for compliance with ISO 9001:2015 (registration for quality management system) and ISO 45001: 2018 (occupational health and safety management system). If we are unable to renew the ISO accreditations, our brand and reputation could be adversely affected. Any significant damage to our reputation and/or brand caused by being denied such accreditations and certifications could have a material adverse effect on our ability to attract new and repeat customers and, as a result, adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 

# **33.** **_Our ability to accurately forecast demand and manage our inventory or working capital balances may have an adverse impact on our business, market position and result of operations._** 

We evaluate our inventory balances of materials based on shelf life, expected sourcing levels, known uses and anticipated demand based on forecasted customer order activity and changes in our product sales mix. Efficient inventory management is a key component of the success of our business, results of operations and profitability. To be successful, we must maintain sufficient inventory levels and an appropriate product sales mix to meet our customers’ demands, without allowing those levels to increase to such an extent that the costs associated with storing and holding other inventory adversely affects our results of operations. If our raw materials purchase decisions do not accurately predict sourcing levels, customer trends or our expectations about customer needs are inaccurate, we may have to take unanticipated markdowns or impairment charges to dispose of the excess or obsolete inventory, which can adversely affect our results of operations _._ Our working capital requirements may also increase if payment terms shift payments on completion of delivery or otherwise increase our working capital burdens. In addition, our working capital requirements have increased in recent years due to the general growth of our business. If a customer defaults in making its payment on a product to which we have devoted significant resources, it may also affect our profitability and liquidity and decrease the capital resources that are otherwise available for other uses. All of these factors may result, or have resulted, in increases in our working capital requirements. If we are unable to finance our working capital needs, or secure other financing when needed, on acceptable commercial terms or at all, it may adversely affect our business, growth prospects and results of operations. 

# **34.** **_Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of data security could adversely affect our business._** 

We depend upon information technology systems, including internet-based systems, for our business operations. The size and complexity of our computer systems make them potentially vulnerable to breakdown, malicious intrusion and computer viruses. Although we have not experienced any significant disruptions to our information technology systems, we cannot assure you that we will not encounter disruptions in the future. Any such disruption may result in the loss of key information and disrupt our operations, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by employees or others that may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. Such data security breaches could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the public exposure of personal information (including sensitive personal information) of our employees, customers and others. Any such security breaches could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. 

39 

**35.** **_We are susceptible to product liability claims that may not be covered by insurance, which may require substantial expenditure and may adversely affect our reputation and if successful, could require us to pay substantial sums._** 

Our business inherently exposes us to potential product liability claims, and the severity and timing of such claims are unpredictable. We face the risk of loss resulting from, and the adverse publicity associated with, product liability lawsuits, whether or not such claims are valid. While our products are extensively researched before being commercialized, any adverse effects caused by such products could adversely affect our business and reputation. We may also be subject to claims resulting from manufacturing defects or negligence in storage or handling, which may lead to the deterioration of our products, or from defects arising from deterioration in our quality controls. Product liability claims, regardless of their merits or the ultimate success of the defence against them, are expensive. Even unsuccessful product liability claims would likely require us to incur substantial amounts on litigation, divert our management’s time, adversely affect our goodwill and impair the marketability of our products. Although we have obtained product liability coverage, if any product liability claim sustained against exceeds the policy limits, it could harm our business and financial condition. 

A successful product liability claim that is excluded from coverage or exceeds our policy limits may require us to pay substantial sums and may adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. In addition, insurance coverage for product liability may become prohibitively expensive in the future. As a result, it is possible that, in the future, we may not be able to obtain the type and amount of coverage we desire at an acceptable price and self-insurance may become the sole commercially reasonable means available for managing the product liability risks of our business. 

**36.** **_We operate in a competitive business environment. Competition from existing players and new entrants and consequent pricing pressure could have a material adverse impact on our prospects and results of operation._** 

The specialty chemicals industry is highly competitive. Competition in our business is based on pricing, relationships with customers, product quality, customisation and innovation. We expect that competition will continue to intensify both through the entry of new players and consolidation of existing players. Our competitors may succeed in developing products that are more effective, more popular or cheaper than any we may develop, which may render our products obsolete or uncompetitive and adversely affect our business and financial results. Some of our competitors may have greater financial resources, better distribution network, technical and marketing resources and generate greater revenues, and therefore may be able to respond better to market changes than we can. Further, our customers operate within highly competitive industries, where they are constantly required to adapt to factors such as changing consumer preferences, consolidation and the entry of new regional and local players, and constantly exert downward pricing pressure. We may be adversely affected in case our customers are unable to effectively respond to any factors that adversely impact the competitive landscape of their industries. 

We believe that our ability to compete depends on a number of factors beyond our control, including the ability of our competitors to attract, train, motivate and retain highly skilled technical employees, the price at which our competitors offer comparable products and the extent of our competitor’s responsiveness to customers’ needs. Our inability to adequately address competitive pressures may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **37.** **_We rely on third-party transportation providers for procurement of raw materials and for supply of our products and failure by any of our transportation providers could result in loss in sales._** 

We rely exclusively on third-party transportation providers for procuring our raw materials, packing materials, as well as for distributing our products to our customers. This makes us dependent on various intermediaries, and we cannot guarantee that there will not be any delay in transportation and delivery of our products to our customers. Weather-related problems, strikes, or other events could impair our ability to procure raw materials from our suppliers or the ability of our suppliers to deliver raw materials and packing materials to us which may, in turn, delay the process of manufacturing and supplying our products to our customers, leading to cancellation or non-renewal of purchase orders, and this could adversely affect the performance of our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

Additionally, if we lose one or more of our third-party transportation providers, we may not be able to obtain terms as favourable as those we receive from the third-party transportation providers that we currently use, which 

40 

in turn would increase our costs and thereby adversely affect our operating results. Further, our third-party transportation providers typically do not carry any insurance coverage and therefore, any losses that may arise during the transportation process will have to be claimed under the Company’s insurance policy. There can be no assurance that we will receive compensation for any such claims in a timely manner or at all, and consequently, any such loss may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **38.** **_Our inability to expand our business successfully in international markets may affect our growth which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Expansion into new international markets is crucial to our growth. Competing successfully in international markets requires additional resources, including to tailor our products to the unique aspects of each new country. In increasing our headcount and our revenue generated in foreign countries, we face various risks, including: 

- legal and regulatory restrictions and differences in various legal and regulatory jurisdictions in which we operate; 

- competition from existing players in such markets; 

- foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cash earned in foreign countries; 

- political and economic instability; 

- challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences; 

- currency exchange rate fluctuations; 

- potentially adverse tax consequences; and 

- • higher costs associated with doing business internationally. 

These and other risks could adversely affect our international expansion and growth, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **39.** **_Our failure to comply with trade restrictions such as economic sanctions and export controls could negatively impact our reputation and results of operations._** 

We are subject to trade restrictions, including economic sanctions and export controls, imposed by governments around the world with jurisdiction over our operations, which prohibit or restrict transactions involving certain designated persons and certain designated countries or territories. Our failure to successfully comply with these laws and regulations may expose us to reputational harm as well as significant sanctions, including criminal fines, imprisonment, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, injunctions, debarment from government contracts, and other remedial measures. Investigations of alleged violations can be expensive and disruptive. As part of our business, we may, from time to time, engage in limited sales and transactions involving certain countries that are targets of economic sanctions, provided that such sales and transactions are authorized pursuant to applicable economic sanctions laws and regulations. However, we cannot predict the nature, scope, or effect of future regulatory requirements, including changes that may affect existing regulatory authorizations, and we cannot predict the manner in which existing laws and regulations might be administered or interpreted. 

In addition, any perceived or actual breach of compliance by us with respect to applicable laws, rules, and regulations could have a significant impact on our reputation and could cause us to lose existing customers, prevent us from obtaining new customers, negatively impact investor sentiment about our Company, require us to expend significant funds to remedy problems caused by violations and to avert further violations, and expose us to legal risk and potential liability, all of which may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

# **40.** **_Any defaults or delays in payment by a significant portion of our customers, may have an adverse effect on cash flows, results of operations and financial condition._** 

In the ordinary course of business, we extend credit to our customers. Consequently, we are exposed to the risk of the uncertainty regarding the receipt of the outstanding amounts. As at March 31, 2021, our trade receivables on a consolidated basis was ₹ 907.43 million. Further, as on March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019, our trade receivables that was outstanding for a period of over six months, amounted to ₹ 0.38 million, ₹ 0.01 million and ₹ 1.69 million respectively, which constituted approximately 0.04%, 0.00% (negligible) and 0.41% of our total trade receivables, respectively. Our results of operations and profitability depend on the credit worthiness of our customers. Certain of these customers may have weak credit histories and we cannot assure that these counterparties will always be able to pay us in a timely fashion, or at all. Any adverse change in the financial condition of our customers may adversely affect their ability to make payments to us. Default or delays in 

41 

payments by a significant portion of our customers may have an adverse effect on cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

**41.** **_We have working capital requirements, and the actual amount and timing of our working capital requirements may differ from our estimates for the same. We may require additional financing to meet those requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our Company requires working capital to finance the purchase of materials and for manufacture and other related work before payment is received from customers. The actual amount and timing of our future working capital requirements may differ from estimates as a result of, among other factors, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, economic conditions, engineering design changes, weather-related delays, technological changes and additional market developments. All of these factors may result, or have resulted, in increases in our working capital needs. In Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, the working capital expenditure incurred by us was ₹ 662.35 million, ₹ 450.49 million and ₹ 417.32 million, respectively, which constituted approximately 22.05%, 17.11% and 20.23% of our revenue from operations, respectively. 

Our sources of additional financing, required to meet our working capital requirements and capital expenditure plans, may include the incurrence of debt or the issue of equity or debt securities or a combination of both. If we decide to raise additional funds through the incurrence of debt, our interest and debt repayment obligations will increase, and could have a significant effect on our profitability and cash flows and we may be subject to additional covenants, which could limit our ability to access cash flows from operations. Any issuance of equity, on the other hand, could result in a dilution of your shareholding. Accordingly, continued increases in our working capital requirements may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

**42.** **_Our research and development efforts may not produce successful products or enhancements to our products that result in significant revenue or other benefits in the near future, if at all._** 

We have invested a significant amount in research and development in recent years. We expect to continue to dedicate significant financial and other resources to our research and development efforts in order to maintain our competitive position. 

However, investing in research and development, developing new products and enhancing existing processes is expensive and time consuming, and there is no assurance that such activities will result in significant new marketable products or enhancements to our products, design improvements, cost savings, revenues or other expected benefits. If we spend significant time and effort on research and development, but are unable to generate an adequate return on our investment, our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

# **43.** **_Our indebtedness and the conditions and restrictions imposed on us by our financing agreements could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business._** 

As on June 30, 2021, we had total outstanding indebtedness of ₹ 1,019.22 million. We may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Our indebtedness could have several important consequences, including but not limited to the following: 

- a portion of our cash flow will be used towards repayment of our existing debt, which will reduce the availability of cash to fund working capital needs, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate requirements; 

- our ability to obtain additional financing in the future at reasonable terms may be restricted; 

- fluctuations in market interest rates may affect the cost of our borrowings, as some of our loans are at variable interest rates; and 

- we may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, may be limited in our ability to withstand competitive pressures and may have reduced flexibility in responding to changing business, regulatory and economic conditions. 

Our financing arrangements are secured by our present and future current assets and our movable and immovable fixed assets, and the personal guarantees of our Promoters. Our financing agreements also include various conditions and covenants that require us to obtain lender consents prior to carrying out certain activities and 

42 

entering into certain transactions. Typically, restrictive covenants under financing documents of our Company relate to obtaining prior consent of the lender for, among others: 

- (a) effecting any change in shareholding of, or voting rights exercisable by, Ajaykumar Mansukhlal Patel, Chintan Nitinkumar Shah, and Shekhar Rasiklal Somani, below pre-determined levels; 

- (b) effecting any change in equity, management, and operating structure of our Company; (c) undertaking any new project or diversification, modernisation, or substantial expansion of a project; 

- (d) engage in business or activities other than those which our Company is currently engaged in; 

- (e) contracting, creating, incurring, assuming, or suffering further indebtedness; and (f) creating of subsidiaries or permitting other companies / entities to become subsidiaries of our Company. 

For further details of the restrictive covenants under financing documents of our Company, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 283. Failure to meet these conditions or obtain these consents could have significant consequences on our business. 

Further, any failure to service our indebtedness, perform any condition or covenant or comply with the restrictive covenants could lead to a termination of our credit facilities, default and acceleration of amounts due under such facilities, any of which may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

# **44.** **_We are involved in certain legal proceedings any adverse developments related to which, could adversely affect our reputation, business and cash flows._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company and Promoters. These proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and appellate tribunals. We cannot assure you that these proceedings will be decided in our favour. Brief details of material outstanding litigation that have been initiated by and against our Company, our Directors, our Promoters and our Subsidiaries, as applicable, are set forth below: 

|||_(₹ in million)_|
|---|---|---|
|**Nature of cases**|**Number of cases**|**Total amount involved (to the**<br>**extent quantifiable)**|
|**Litigation involving our Company**|||
|**_Proceedings against our Company_**|**2**|**19.16**|
|Material civil|Nil|-|
|Criminal|Nil|-|
|Tax|2|19.16|
|Action by statutory or regulatory authorities|Nil|-|
|**_Proceedings by our Company_**|**2**|**0.78**|
|Material civil|Nil|-|
|Criminal|2|0.78|
|**Litigation involving our Subsidiaries**|||
|**_Proceedings against our Subsidiaries_**|**Nil**|**-**|
|Material civil|Nil|-|
|Criminal|Nil|-|
|Tax|Nil|-|
|Action by statutory or regulatory authorities|Nil|-|
|**_Proceedings by our Subsidiaries_**|**Nil**|**-**|
|Material civil|Nil|-|
|Criminal|Nil|-|
|**Litigation involving our Promoters**|||
|**_Proceedings against our Promoters_**|**Nil**|**-**|
|Materialcivil|Nil|-|
|Criminal|Nil|-|
|Tax|Nil|-|
|Action by statutory or regulatory authorities|Nil|-|
|Disciplinary action in the last five Fiscals|Nil|-|
|**_Proceedings by our Promoters_**|**Nil**|**-**|
|Material civil|Nil|-|
|Criminal|1|-|
|**Litigation involving our Directors**|||
|**_Proceedings against our Directors_**|**Nil**|**-**|
|Materialcivil|Nil|-|



43 

|**Nature of cases**|**Number of cases**|**Total amount involved (to the**<br>**extent quantifiable)**|
|---|---|---|
|Criminal|Nil|-|
|Tax|Nil|-|
|Action by statutory or regulatory authorities|Nil|-|
|**_Proceedings by our Directors_**|**1**|**-**|
|<br>Materialcivil|Nil|-|
|Criminal|1|-|



The amounts claimed in these proceedings have been disclosed to the extent ascertainable and include amounts claimed jointly and severally. If any new developments arise, such as a change in Indian law or rulings against us by appellate courts or tribunals, we may need to make provisions that could increase our expenses and current liabilities. Further, such legal proceedings could divert our management’s time and attention and cause us to incur significant expenses. Any adverse decision in any of these proceedings may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

For further information, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 285. 

**45.** **_We retain a large number of contract labour, resulting in increased costs to our Company. In the event of non-availability of such contract labour or any adverse regulatory orders, it may have a material adverse impact on our operations._** 

We operate in a labour-intensive industry and accordingly, are required to employ labour as well as contractual labour. This results in significant labour as well as contractual labour costs for our Company. Set out below are the details of the number of permanent employees and temporary and retainership employees of our Company as on March 31, 2021 March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2019: 

||**No. of permanent employees**|**No. of temporary and retainership employees**|
|---|---|---|
|As on March 31, 2021|436|190|
|As on March 31, 2020|418|179|
|As on March31,2019|280|172|



Our dependence on contract labour may result in significant risks for our operations, relating to the availability and skill of such contract labourers, as well as contingencies affecting availability of such contract labour during peak periods in labour intensive sectors such as ours. There can be no assurance that we will have adequate access to skilled and unskilled workmen at reasonable rates. For instance, our manufacturing process is dependent on a technology driven production system and any inability of our labour to successfully familiarise with such technology will adversely affect our business, financial condition, result of operations and cash flows. 

Further, our Company appoints independent contractors who in turn engage a significant number of on-site contract labourers for performance of our business operations. Although our Company does not engage these labourers directly, we may be held responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 

**46.** **_Our operations involve the operation of machinery. These activities can be dangerous and any accident, including any mechanical and operational failures could cause serious injury to people or property and in certain circumstances, even death, and this may adversely affect our production schedules, costs, sales and ability to meet customer demand._** 

Our operations require individuals to work under potentially dangerous circumstances and exposes them, among others, to the risk of mechanical and operational failures of machines that they may work with. Despite compliance with requisite safety requirements and standards, our operations are subject to significant hazards, including: 

- explosions; 

- fires; 

- mechanical failures and other operational problems; 

- inclement weather and natural disasters; 

- discharges or releases of hazardous substances, chemicals or gases; and 

- other environmental risks. 

44 

Although we employ safety procedures during our operations and maintain what we believe to be adequate insurance, there is a risk that any hazard including an accident during manufacturing operations, may result in personal injury to our employees or other persons, destruction of property or equipment, environmental damage, manufacturing or delivery delays, or may lead to suspension of our operations and/or imposition of civil or criminal liabilities. The loss or shutting down of our facilities could disrupt our business operations and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and reputation. We could also face claims and litigation, in India filed on behalf of persons alleging injury predominantly as a result of occupational exposure to hazards at our facilities, the outcome of which is difficult to assess or quantify, and the cost to defend such litigation could be significant. These claims and lawsuits, individually or in the aggregate, may be resolved against us inflicting negative publicity and consequently, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

In particular, if operations at our manufacturing facilities were to be disrupted as a result of any significant workplace accident, fire, explosion or other connected reasons, our financial performance may be adversely affected as a result of our inability to meet customer demand or committed delivery schedules for our products. Interruptions in production may also increase our costs and reduce our sales, and may require us to make substantial capital expenditures to remedy the situation or to defend litigation that we may become involved in as a result, which may negatively affect our profitability, business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

# **47.** **_Strikes, work stoppages and other industrial actions could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

As of March 31, 2021, we had 626 employees (permanent, temporary and on retainership basis) working at our manufacturing facility and offices. Although we have not experienced any labour disruptions in the past and do not have any unionized employees, there can be no assurance that our employees will not unionize or that we will not experience any strike, work stoppage or other industrial action in the future. Any such event could disrupt our operations, possibly for a significant period of time, result in increased wages and other benefits or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **48.** **_We are subject to risks arising from interest rate fluctuations, which could reduce the profitability of our projects and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Interest rates for borrowings have been volatile in India in recent periods. Our operations are partly funded by debt and increases in interest rates and a consequent increase in the cost of servicing such debt may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Changes in prevailing interest rates affect our interest expense in respect of our borrowings. Our current debt facilities carry interest at variable rates. Although we have entered into interest rate hedging transactions or exercise any right available to us under our future financing arrangements to terminate the existing debt financing arrangement on the respective reset dates and enter into new financing arrangements, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so on commercially reasonable terms or that these agreements, if entered into, will protect us adequately against interest rate risks. Further, if such arrangements do not protect us adequately against interest rate risks, they would result in higher costs. 

# **49.** **_Employee misconduct could harm us and is difficult to detect and deter._** 

Although we closely monitor our employees, misconduct, including acts of theft and fraud by employees or executives, such acts could include binding us to transactions that exceed authorized limits or present unacceptable risks or they may hide unauthorized or unlawful activities from us, which may result in substantial financial losses and damage to our reputation and loss of business from our customers. Employee or executive misconduct could also involve the improper use or disclosure of confidential information, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious reputational or financial harm, including harm to our brand. It is not always possible to deter employee or executive misconduct and the precautions taken and systems put in place to prevent and detect such activities may not be effective in all cases. Any instances of such misconduct could adversely affect our reputation. 

**50.** **_The land and premises for our Registered Office, Corporate Office and our manufacturing facilities are held by us on lease or leave and license or tenancy agreements which subject us to certain risks._** 

45 

Our Registered Office, Corporate Office and our manufacturing facilities are on premises that have been leased by us from third parties through lease or leave and license or tenancy arrangements. For further details, see _“Our Business – Property”_ on page 165. Upon expiration of the relevant agreement for each such premise, we will be required to negotiate the terms and conditions on which the lease agreement may be renewed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to renew these agreements on commercially reasonable terms in a timely manner, or at all. 

Termination of our leases may occur for reasons beyond our control, such as breaches of lease agreements by the landlords of our premises which is detrimental to our operations. If we, our current or future landlords breach the lease agreements, we may have to relocate to alternative premises or shut down our operations at that site. Once we obtain a lease, we incur significant expenses to install necessary furniture, fittings, machinery, lighting, security systems and air conditioning, to ensure such unit is designed in line with our requirements. Relocation of any part of our operations may cause disruptions to our business and may require significant expenditure, and we cannot assure you that in such a case, we will be able to find suitable premises on commercially reasonable terms in a timely manner, if at all or we may have to pay significantly higher rent or incur additional expenses towards interiors. Occurrence of any of these factors may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, some of our lease deeds for our properties may not be registered and further some of our lease deeds may not be adequately stamped and consequently, may not be accepted as evidence in a court of law and we may be required to pay penalties for inadequate stamp duty. In addition, we may not be able to assess or identify all risks and liabilities associated with any properties, such as faulty or disputed title, unregistered encumbrances or adverse possession rights, improperly executed, unregistered or insufficiently stamped instruments, or other defects that we may not be aware of. In the event that these existing leases are terminated or they are not renewed on commercially acceptable terms or at all, we may suffer a disruption in our operations. If alternative premises are not available at the same or similar costs, size or locations, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

# **51.** **_If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to successfully manage, or accurately report, our financial risks._** 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to prepare reliable financial reports and effectively avoid fraud. Moreover, any internal controls that we may implement, or our level of compliance with such controls, may deteriorate over time, due to evolving business conditions. There can be no assurance that deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise in the future, or that we will be able to implement, and continue to maintain, adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls. For further details, please see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Quantitative and qualitative analysis of financial risks_ ” on page 280. Any inability on our part to adequately detect, rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls may adversely impact our ability to accurately report, or successfully manage, our financial risks, and to avoid fraud. 

# **52.** **_Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our future cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and financial condition._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and subsequent approval of shareholders and will depend on factors that our Board and shareholders deem relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We may decide to retain all of our earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business and, therefore, may not declare dividends on our Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends at any point in the future. For details of dividend paid by our Company in the past, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 196. 

**53.** **_We have, in the past, entered into certain transactions with related parties and may continue to do so in the future. Any related party transactions that are not on an arm's length basis may adversely affect our business, results of operation and financial condition._** 

We have, in the past, entered into certain transactions with related parties and may continue to do so in the future. For further details, see “ _Summary of the Offer Document - Summary of related party transactions_ ” and “ _Financial_ 

46 

_Statements”_ on pages 21 and 198 respectively. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arms-length basis, we cannot assure you that we would not have achieved more favourable commercial terms had such transactions not been entered into with related parties. Further, we may enter into related party transactions in the future, and such transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. There can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

# **54.** **_Our insurance coverage could prove inadequate to satisfy potential claims and our insurance policies may not protect us against all potential losses, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our business operations are subject to various risks inherent in the manufacturing industry. While we believe that the insurance coverage which we maintain is in keeping with industry standards and would be reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our businesses, we cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be covered entirely, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. 

Our total insurance coverage as of March 31, 2021 was ₹ 9,835.08 million and our insurance coverage in relation to fixed assets, as a percentage of our total net fixed assets on a consolidated basis was 162.03%. 

To the extent that we suffer loss or damage, or successful assertion of one or more large claims against us for events for which we are not insured, or for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, or which is not covered by insurance, exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial performance and cash flows could be adversely affected. For further information on our insurance arrangements, see “ _Our Business – Insurance_ ” on page 164. 

# **55.** **_Certain of our Directors, Promoters and members of our Promoter Group have interests in our Company other than reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits._** 

Certain of our Promoters and Directors may be regarded as having an interest in our Company other than reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits. Certain Promoters, Directors and members of the Promoter Group may be deemed to be interested to the extent of Equity Shares held by them, as well as to the extent of any dividends, bonuses or other distributions on such Equity Shares Certain of our Promoters and Directors may also hold positions as directors on the board of directors of our Subsidiary. In consideration for these services, they may be paid managerial remuneration in accordance with the provisions of the applicable law. Additionally, we have, in the course of our business, entered into, and will continue to enter into, transactions with related parties. All the Promoters and Directors may also be deemed to be interested in the contracts, agreements / arrangements entered into or to be entered into by our Company with any company which is promoted by them or in which they hold directorships or any partnership firm in which they are partners as declared in their respective capacity. 

While, in our view, all such transactions that we have entered into are legitimate business transactions conducted on an arms’ length basis, we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such arrangements not been entered into with related parties or that we will be able to maintain existing terms, in cases where the terms are more favourable than if the transaction had been conducted on an arms’ length basis. There can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, result of operations, financial condition and cash flows, including because of potential conflicts of interest or otherwise. For more information on our related party transactions, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 198. 

# **56.** **_Our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group will continue to retain significant shareholding in our Company after the Offer, which will allow them to exercise significant influence over us._** 

After the completion of the Offer, our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group will hold approximately [●]% of our outstanding Equity Shares. Accordingly, our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group will continue to exercise significant influence over our business and all matters requiring shareholders' approval, including the composition of our Board of Directors, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions or joint ventures or the sales of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, lending, investments and 

47 

capital expenditures. This concentration of ownership may also delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of our Promoters and members of the Promoter Group. Further, the Takeover Regulations may limit the ability of a third party to acquire control. The interests of our Promoter, as our Company’s controlling shareholder, could conflict with our Company’s interests, your interests or the interests of our other shareholders. There is no assurance that our Promoter will act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our Company’s or your favour. 

# **57.** **_We might infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others, which could harm our competitive position._** 

While we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty as to whether we are infringing on any existing third-party intellectual property rights, which may force us to alter our technologies, obtain licenses or cease some of our operations. We may also be susceptible to claims from third parties asserting infringement and other related claims. If claims or actions are asserted against us, we may be required to obtain a license, modify our existing technology or cease the use of such technology and design a new non-infringing technology. Such licenses or design modifications can be extremely costly. Furthermore, necessary licenses may not be available to us on satisfactory terms, if at all. In addition, we may decide to settle a claim or action against us, which settlement could be costly. We may also be liable for any past infringement. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **58.** **_The proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be paid to the Selling Shareholders, including our Promoters._** 

This Offer is being undertaken as a Fresh Issue of Equity Shares as well as an Offer for Sale of Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholders. The entire proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be paid to the Selling Shareholders, namely, Ajaykumar Mansukhlal Patel, Chintan Nitinkumar Shah, Shekhar Rasiklal Somani, Ajay Mansukhlal Patel HUF, Priti Ajaykumar Patel, Darshana Nitinkumar Shah, Kajal Shekhar Somani, Samirkumar Rasiklal Somani and Shitalkumar Rasiklal Somani, and our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. For further details, see “ _The Offer_ ”, “ _Capital Structure_ ” and “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on pages 58, 72 and 84, respectively. 

**59.** **_Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance like EBITDA and net worth have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. These non-GAAP financial measures are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS and may not be comparable._** 

Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance like EBITDA, net worth, return on net worth, Net Asset Value per Equity Share, debt equity ratio, return on capital employed, and return on equity have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. These non-GAAP Measures are not a measurement of our financial performance or liquidity under Ind AS, Indian GAAP, or IFRS and should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/ (loss) for the year/ period or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS, Indian GAAP, or IFRS. These non-GAAP financial measures and other statistical and other information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures and statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other companies and are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. 

# **60.** **_Financial information in relation to one of our Subsidiaries used for preparation of the Restated Consolidated Financial Statements have not been audited._** 

Financial information for Tatva Chintan Europe B.V., which was used for the preparation of the Restated Consolidated Financial Statements, is unaudited and certified by its management. In this respect, please see “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 198. 

We may face risks associated with such financial information not being verified by an independent third party. If such financial information had been audited, adjustments and modifications may have been undertaken during the course of audit process, which may have resulted in differences compared to the unaudited financial information 

48 

which was furnished to our Statutory Auditors and relied on for the preparation of the Restated Consolidated Financial Statements. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **_Risks Related to India_** 

# **61.** **_Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market countries in Asia, Europe and the United States of America. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur again and could harm our business, our future financial performance and the prices of the Equity Shares. 

The recent outbreak of COVID-19 has significantly affected financial markets around the world. Any other global economic developments or the perception that any of them could occur may continue to have an adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity and restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

# **62.** **_Regional conflicts, civil disturbances and terrorist attacks in South Asia may have an adverse effect on our business._** 

India has, from time to time, experienced hostilities with neighbouring countries, social and civil unrest within the country and localised terror attacks. For example, in June 2020 a confrontation occurred between Indian and Chinese military forces. In addition, India has witnessed localised terrorist attacks in the past. There can be no assurance that such situations will not recur or be more intense than in the past. These hostilities and tensions could lead to political or economic instability in India and a possible adverse effect on our business and future financial performance. Acts of violence, conflict, war or terrorist attacks may adversely affect markets and economic growth both globally and in India in particular. Such acts may also result in a loss of business confidence, make travel and other services more difficult and have other consequences that could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, any further deterioration in India-China or wider international relations may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. Any of these events could also create a perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse impact on our business, financial conditions, cash flows, results of operations and prospects. 

# **63.** **_We may be affected by competition laws, the adverse application or interpretation of which could adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, of India, as amended (“ **Competition Act** ”), regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India (“ **AAEC** ”). Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an AAEC is considered void and may result in the imposition of substantial penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or the provision of services or shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner, including by way of allocation of geographical area or number of customers in the relevant market or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an AAEC and is considered void. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. 

On March 4, 2011, the Government notified and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of 

49 

shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to and pre-approved by the Competition Commission of India (the “ **CCI** ”). Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued Competition Commission of India (Procedure for Transaction of Business Relating to Combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. 

The Competition Act aims to, among others, prohibit all agreements and transactions which may have an AAEC in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an AAEC in India. However, the impact of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. However, since we pursue an acquisition driven growth strategy, we may be affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it would adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

# **64.** **_Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against our Company outside India._** 

Our Company is incorporated under the laws of India. A majority of our Company’s assets are located in India and most of our Company’s Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are residents of India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce against them judgments obtained in courts outside India, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of jurisdictions outside India. Moreover, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with Indian public policy. 

India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions, which includes, the United Kingdom, United Arab Emirates, Singapore and Hong Kong. A judgment from certain specified courts located in a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Civil Code. The United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in a non-reciprocating territory, such as the United States, for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general securities laws of the United States, would not be enforceable in India under the Civil Code as a decree of an Indian court. 

The United Kingdom, United Arab Emirates, Singapore and Hong Kong have been declared by the Government of India to be reciprocating territories for purposes of Section 44A of the Civil Code. A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit on the judgment under Section 13 of the Civil Code, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the Civil Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated on except (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case, (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognise the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable, (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice, (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the Civil Code, a court in India shall, on the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. The Civil Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. 

However, the party in whose favour such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States or other such jurisdiction within three 

50 

years of obtaining such final judgment. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Moreover, it is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages to the extent awarded in a final judgment rendered outside India if it believes that the amount of damages awarded were excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered. 

# **65.** **_The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, pandemic disease and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years, in particular communal violence across ethnic or communal lines involving conflicts, riots and other forms of violence between communities of different religious faith or ethnic origins, and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

# **66.** **_We are subject to regulatory, economic, social and political uncertainties and other factors beyond our control._** 

We are incorporated in India and we conduct our corporate affairs and our business in India. Our Equity Shares are proposed to be listed on BSE and NSE. Consequently, our business, operations, financial performance and the market price of our Equity Shares will be affected by interest rates, government policies, taxation, social and ethnic instability and other political and economic developments affecting India. 

Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations may include: 

- any exchange rate fluctuations, the imposition of currency controls and restrictions on the right to convert or repatriate currency or export assets; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse effect on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing for our expansions; 

- prevailing income conditions among Indian customers and Indian corporations; 

- epidemic or any other public health in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; 

- macroeconomic factors and central bank regulation, including in relation to interest rates movements which may in turn adversely impact our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs; 

- volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; 

- decline in India's foreign exchange reserves which may affect liquidity in the Indian economy; 

- downgrading of India’s sovereign debt rating by rating agencies; and 

- difficulty in developing any necessary partnerships with local businesses on commercially acceptable terms and/or a timely basis. 

Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy or certain regions in India, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. For example, our manufacturing facilities are located in western India, hence any significant disruption, including due to social, political or economic factors or natural calamities or civil disruptions, impacting this region may adversely affect our operations. 

**67.** **_If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our products at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our customers and our profits might decline._** 

51 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of salaries, and other expenses relevant to our business. 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to pass on to our customers, whether entirely or in part, and the same may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or increase our rates to pass the increase in costs on to our customers. In such a case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, the GoI has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **68.** **_Foreign investors are subject to foreign investment restrictions under Indian laws which limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely impact the market price of our Equity Shares._** 

Under the foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfers of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions) if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then the prior approval of the RBI will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert the Indian Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no objection/tax clearance certificate from the income tax authority. As provided in the foreign exchange controls currently in effect in India, the RBI has provided that the price at which the Equity Shares are transferred be calculated in accordance with internationally accepted pricing methodology for the valuation of shares at an arm’s length basis, and a higher (or lower, as applicable) price per share may not be permitted. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other Indian government agency can be obtained on any particular terms, or at all. Further, due to possible delays in obtaining requisite approvals, investors in the Equity Shares may be prevented from realizing gains during periods of price increase or limiting losses during periods of price decline. For further details, please see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 331. 

# **69.** **_A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating is Baa3 with a “negative” outlook (Moody’s), BBB-with a “stable” outlook (S&P) and BBB-with a “stable” outlook (Fitch). Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favourable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

# **70.** **_Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. For example, the Government of India implemented the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019, a new tax amendment issued by India’s Ministry of Law and Justice on December 11, 2019, prescribed certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India.According to this new ordinance, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favor of a concessional tax. Any future amendments may affect exemptions and benefits that we currently available, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. Prior to that, a comprehensive national goods and services tax (“ **GST** ”) regime with effect from July 1, 2017, that combined multiple taxes and levies by the Central and State Governments into a unified tax structure. Our business and financial performance could be adversely affected by any unexpected or onerous requirements or regulations resulting from the introduction of GST or any changes in laws or 

52 

interpretation of existing laws, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations relating to GST, as it is implemented. The Government has enacted the GAAR which have come into effect from April 1, 2017. The tax consequences of the GAAR provisions being applied to an arrangement could result in denial of tax benefit amongst other consequences. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is uncertain. If the GAAR provisions are made applicable to our Company, it may have an adverse tax impact on us. In addition, the implementation of Ind AS is recent and new pronouncements may have a material impact on our profitability going forward and our revenue may fluctuate significantly period over period. 

The Finance Act, 2020, had, amongst others things, provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime and that dividend distribution tax (“ **DDT** ”), will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident and are likely to be subject to tax deduction at source. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. In addition, the Government of India had announced the union budget for Fiscal 2022 and the Finance Act, 2021 received assent from the President of India on March 28, 2021 and was made effective from April 1, 2021. The Finance Act, 2021 has introduced various amendments and as such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2021 may have on our business and operations nor can we predict whether any amendments made pursuant to the Finance Act, 2021 would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations or on the industry in which we operate. 

In addition, we currently enjoy certain benefits under Section 10AA of the Income Tax Act, 1961, which allows, among others, 100% of the taxable profit derived from the export turnover from a SEZ unit to be exempted from inclusion in the taxable profit from business and operations of our Company till March 31, 2022. Subsequent to this  date, 50% of the taxable profit derived from the export turnover from a SEZ unit will be allowed to be exempted from inclusion in the taxable profit from business and operations of our Company till March 31, 2027. There can be no assurance that we will continue to enjoy the tax benefits under Section 10AA of the Income Tax Act, 1961 in future, including in the event that the contribution of our exports from our manufacturing facility located at the SEZ, to our business and operations reduces in the future. Further, when the tax incentives expire, or if it terminates or in the event that the relevant authority rejects our entitlement under the Income Tax Act, 1961, our Company may not be able to avail of these benefits. 

Further, a draft of the Personal Data Protection Bill, 2019 (“ **Bill** ”) has been introduced before the Lok Sabha on December 11, 2019, which is currently being referred to a joint parliamentary committee by the Parliament. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. 

Any unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

**71.** **_Significant differences exist between Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles, such as the generally accepted accounting principles in the US (“US GAAP”) and International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), which may be material to investors’ assessment of our financial condition._** 

The financial statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus have been prepared in accordance with Ind AS, as applicable, in the relevant period of reporting. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the degree to which the Ind AS financial statements, which are restated as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Red Herring Prospectus, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent 

53 

on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. In addition, some of our competitors may not present their financial statements in accordance with Ind AS and their financial statements may not be directly comparable to ours, and therefore reliance should accordingly be limited. 

# **_Risks Related to the Equity Shares_** 

# **72.** **_The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and audited / unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

**73.** **_The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and the Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer. Further, the current market price of some securities listed pursuant to certain previous issues managed by the Book Running Lead Managers is below the respective issue price._** 

The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions, and will be determined by our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers. Furthermore, the Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by the Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers through the Book Building Process. These will be based on numerous factors, including factors as described under “ _Basis for the Offer Price_ ” on page 96 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. 

In addition to the above, the current market price of securities listed pursuant to certain previous initial public offerings managed by the Book Running Lead Managers is below their respective issue price. For further details, see “ _Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Price information of past issues handled by the Book Running Lead Managers (during the current Fiscal and two Fiscals preceding the current Fiscal_ ” on page 295. The factors that could affect the market price of the Equity Shares include, among others, broad market trends, financial performance and results of our Company post-listing, and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that an active market will develop or sustained trading will take place in the Equity Shares or provide any assurance regarding the price at which the Equity Shares will be traded after listing. 

**74.** **_An investment in the Equity Shares is subject to general risks related to investments in Indian companies._** 

Our Company is incorporated in India and almost all of our assets and employees are located in India. Consequently, our business, results of operations, financial condition and the market price of the Equity Shares will be affected by changes in interest rates in India, policies of the Government of India, including taxation policies along with policies relating to industry, political, social and economic developments affecting India. 

# **75.** **_Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and fall 

54 

under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the RBI’s prior approval is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. Further, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade, Government of India, investments where the beneficial owner of the Equity Shares is situated in or is a citizen of a country which shares land border with India, can only be made through the Government approval route, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy dated August 28, 2017. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. 

# **76.** **_Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Previously, any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares on or before March 31, 2018 on a stock exchange held for more than 12 months was not subject to longterm capital gains tax in India if Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”) was paid on the sale transaction and, additionally, as stipulated by the Finance Act, 2017, STT, had been paid at the time of acquisition of such equity shares on or after October 1, 2004, except in the case of such acquisitions of Equity Shares which are not subject to STT, as notified by the Central Government on June 5, 2017. However, the Finance Act, 2018, has introduced taxation on such long-term capital gains exceeding ₹100,000 arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while continuing to exempt the unrealised capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on such Equity Shares. Any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares on a stock exchange held for more than 12 months will be subject to long term capital gains in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as whether the sale is undertaken on or off the stock exchanges, the quantum of gains and any available treaty exemption. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. Further, any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. Additionally, the Finance Act, 2020 (“ **Finance Act** ”) does not require dividend distribution tax (“ **DDT** ”) to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. Lastly, in terms of the Finance Act, 2018, with effect from April 1, 2018, the tax payable by an assessee on the capital gains arising from transfer of long term capital asset being an equity share in a company (introduced as section 112A of the Income-Tax Act, 1961) shall be calculated on such long-term capital gains at the rate of 10%, where the long-term capital gains exceed ₹100,000, subject to certain exceptions in case of a resident individuals and HUF. For further details, see section titled “ _Statement of Special Tax Benefits_ ” on page 99. 

**77.** **_Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

**78.** **_The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The 

55 

Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in the operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

# **79.** **_Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by equity shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the trading price of our Equity Shares and returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. Any of these factors may result in large and sudden changes in the volume and trading price of the Equity Shares. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, shareholders have often instituted securities class action litigation against that company. If we were involved in a class action suit, it could divert the attention of management, and, if adversely determined, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **80.** **_The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers, and through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for the Offer Price_ ” on page 96 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

# **81.** **_Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked securities by us may dilute your shareholding and any sale of Equity Shares by our Promoter or members of our Promoter Group may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future issuance of the Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us, may dilute your shareholding in our Company, adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issue of our securities. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of your investment in the Equity Shares. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will not issue additional Equity Shares. The disposal of Equity Shares by our Promoter and Promoter Group, or the perception that such sales may occur may significantly affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. Except as disclosed in “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 72, we cannot assure you that our Promoter and Promoter Group will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

# **82.** **_Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting rights on such resolution. However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. If our Company elects not to file a registration 

56 

statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of our Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company may be reduced. 

# **83.** **_QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid / Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid / Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed including Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid / Offer Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

57 

