# **SECTION II - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus, this Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. If one, or a combination of any of the following risks occurs, our business, cash flows, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could suffer, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all, or part of your investment. In addition, the risks set out in this section are not exhaustive, and additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or which we currently deem to be immaterial, may arise or may become material in the future._ 

_In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Offer including the merits and the risks involved. To obtain a more detailed understanding of our business, see “_ **_Business_** _”, “_ **_Financial Information_** _” and “_ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations_** _” on pages 141, 207 and 318, respectively. You should also read the section “_ **_Forward-Looking Statements_** _” on page 16  for a discussion of the risks and uncertainties related to the forwardlooking statements contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. Our results may differ materially from those expressed in or implied by these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information for the three months period ended June 30, 2021 and Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, included herein is derived from the Restated Consolidated Financial Information, included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “_ **_Financial Information_** _” on page 207. Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section have been derived from the report titled, “Global Market Assessment – Select Mineral Processing Equipment_ ” _dated October 12, 2021 (the “_ **_F&S Report_** _”) prepared and released by Frost & Sullivan and commissioned and paid for by our Company in connection with the Offer._ 

# **Internal risk factors** 

**Risks relating to business and operations** 

**1.** **_Our global manufacturing facilities, sales and operations expose us to the risks of doing business in foreign countries, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our revenue from operations outside India was ₹1,463.21 million, ₹6,961.18 million, ₹5,884.52 million and ₹5,439.55 million in the three months period ended June 30, 2021 and Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively, amounting to 84.48%, 86.42%, 85.92% and 85.83% of our revenue from operations in the respective Fiscals. We have manufacturing facilities located in the major global mining hubs of Chile, South Africa and Australia ( _Source: F&S Report_ ). Further, we have substantial global operations which are undertaken through our 13 foreign Subsidiaries (including subsidiaries of our Subsidiaries) and 18 global sales offices in several foreign countries. 

The details of the Subsidiaries that have contributed to our revenue from operations outside India for the three months period ended June 30, 2021 and Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019 are set out below. 

|||||||_(in ₹_<br>|_million, wher_<br>|_e applicable)_<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Name of the entity**|**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s for three**<br>**months**<br>**period**<br>**ended**<br>**June 30,**<br>**2021**|**% of total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s**|**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s for**<br>**Fiscal**<br>**2021**|**% of total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s**|**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s for**<br>**Fiscal**<br>**2020**|**% of total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s**|**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s for**<br>**Fiscal,**<br>**2019**|**% of total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s**|
|Tega Industries Inc|80.76|4.66%|529.62|6.57%|318.52|4.65%|328.79|5.19%|
|Tega Industries<br>Australia PtyLtd|113.15|6.53%|439.64|5.46%|393.21|5.74%|514.30|8.12%|
|Tega Do Brasil|-|0%|5.37|0.07%|1.57|0.02%|10.37|0.16%|
|Servicos Technicos<br>Ltda|||||||||
|Tega Industries<br>Canada Inc|219.06|12.65%|513.08|6.37%|504.45|7.37%|248.65|3.92%|
|Tega Industries<br>Africa PtyLtd|166.42|9.61%|1,003.35|12.46%|717.08|10.47%|763.34|12.04%|



23 

|**Name of the entity**|**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s for three**<br>**months**<br>**period**<br>**ended**<br>**June 30,**<br>**2021**|**% of total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s**|**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s for**<br>**Fiscal**<br>**2021**|**% of total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s**|**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s for**<br>**Fiscal**<br>**2020**|**% of total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s**|**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s for**<br>**Fiscal,**<br>**2019**|**% of total**<br>**revenue**<br>**from**<br>**operation**<br>**s**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Tega Scanning<br>Solution Inc.<sup>^</sup>|-|0%|-|0%|-|0%|6.28|0.10%|
|Tega Holdings Pte<br>Ltd|119.73|6.91%|508.82|6.32%|1,162.64|16.98%|1,072.12|16.92%|
|Losugen PtyLtd|83.18|4.80%|279.64|3.47%|337.57|4.93%|466.07|7.35%|
|Tega Industries<br>Chile SpA<sup>*</sup>|294.43|17.00%|1,827.37|22.69%|1,401.26|20.46%|1,018.54|16.07%|



_*Includes consolidated financial information related to Tega Industries Chile SpA and its subsidiaries, i.e., Edoctum S.A. and Edoctum Peru S.A._ 

> ^ _The Company divested its stake in Tega Scannings Solution Inc with effect from January 15, 2019._ 

Our global operations are subject to, among other risks and uncertainties, the following: 

- Social, political, geopolitical conditions and adverse weather conditions, such as natural disasters, civil disturbance, terrorist attacks, war or other military action would affect our business and operations. For instance, such a disruption may prevent us from production or delivery of our products to our customers. 

- <mark>Economic and financial conditions, including potential hyperinflationary conditions, any instability of credit markets, foreign currency fluctuations and controls, particularly the ability to repatriate funds to India and to any other countries would affect our business and operations.</mark> 

- Compliance with a variety of local laws and regulations, which may be materially different than those to which we are subject in India, including legal constraints on ownership and corporate structure, environmental, health, safety, labour and accounting laws, may impose onerous and expensive obligations on our Company and our foreign subsidiaries. 

- Changes in local laws, regulations or policies, including restrictions on trade, unfavourable labour regulations, tax policies or economic sanctions, intellectual property enforcement issues and changes in foreign trade and investment policies, may be difficult to predict and may affect the way in which we manage our operations in the countries in which we operate. 

- Potential violations of local laws including anti-bribery laws, may cause difficulty in managing foreign operations, as well as significant consequences to us if those laws are violated. 

- <mark>Difficulties in organizing a skilled workforce for efficient operations and coordinating with local authorities and representatives to fully understand and address local labour and business requirements may cause difficulty in hiring and retaining our workforce in the countries in</mark> which we operate. 

<mark>In addition to the risks associated with global operations in general, our global manufacturing operations are subject to risks that are specific to each foreign country where our manufacturing facilities are located, being Chile, South Africa and Australia. Chile and South Africa have experienced periods of political uncertainty and social unrest in the past, such as the recent protests in Chile in 2019-20. Pursuant to these protests, the National Congress of Chile agreed to hold a referendum wherein a majority of the citizens voted in favour of a new constitution, which may introduce changes, including, decentralization of power and measure to support labour welfare. Introduction of any unfavourable measures and uncertainty in relation to the political stability in Chile may disrupt our operations, increase or compliance costs, reduce our workforce and adversely affect our business. Further, we have faced challenges in establishing our manufacturing facilities in these countries such as language barriers, understanding local laws and hiring a skilled workforce and we cannot assure you that we will not encounter further challenges in maintaining and/or expanding our operations in these countries. For instance, while establishing our operations in Chile, we were faced with language barriers which were overcome by specifically hiring employees with fluency in English language and training the employees which have been deployed from India in Spanish language to facilitate effective communication with customers, authorities and other relevant parties.</mark> 

24 

<mark>To the extent that we are unable to effectively manage our international manufacturing and other operations and related risks, we may be unable to grow or maintain our manufacturing capabilities, sales and assets, or we may be subject to additional unanticipated costs or legal or regulatory action. As a consequence, our prospects, business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected.</mark> 

# **2.** **_Any failure to expand or effectively manage our sales and distribution network, both in India and overseas, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We operate on a direct sales model and presently have an in-house sales and distribution network of 18 global and 14 domestic sales offices close to key customers. Further, as of June 30, 2021, we have a sales and services team, comprising 155 full time employees across the globe. We depend on our regional sales and marketing teams to interact with potential customers, develop an understanding of their operations, facilitate development of suitable customized products and over time establish an on-going relationship with them. Further, our sales and marketing teams are responsible for managing our existing customers and identifying their additional needs to increase our share of our existing customers’ wallets. While we seek to retain and hire qualified employees with relevant experience and knowledge of the local markets where they operate, we cannot assure you our sales and marketing teams will be able to identify and successfully add new customers or identify additional needs of our existing customers, or effectively manage our existing sales network. 

Moreover, our competitors may engage dealers and distributors who may be more in number as compared to our employees or have better penetration in the relevant local markets, thereby limiting our ability to expand our network. Maintaining a network of dealers and distributors may require our competitors to incur lesser costs as compared to the costs incurred by us for maintaining our sales and distribution network of employees, which involves costs such as costs of hiring and training employees, completing local formalities and ensuring compliance with applicable local employment and labour laws, processing visas or entry permits, paying employment benefits in addition to periodic salaries and developing and maintaining infrastructure such as office space and equipment. Further, the third-party dealers and distributors may have a greater ability to promote, sell and market products as compared to our employees by engaging sub-dealers, retailers and contractors and expanding their network more quickly and effectively. We may not be able to expand our sales and distribution network at the required pace, or in response to our competitors and may incur significant compliance and other costs, as discussed above, for implementing any expansion. 

We may be unable to maintain a stable and reliable sales and distribution network at all times or expand our network in the future, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **3.** **_We are dependent on third party logistic and support service providers for the delivery of raw materials and finished products and any disruptions in their services including transportation services or a decrease in the quality of their services may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We rely on third party logistic and support service providers including for transportation services at multiple stages of our business activities, including for procurement of raw materials from our suppliers and for transportation of our finished products from our manufacturing facilities to our customers and warehousing facilities. We generally use water and road transportation services to meet our transportation requirements. Our ability to identify and build relationships with reliable transportation partners worldwide contributes to our growth and successful management of our deliveries as well as other aspects of our operations. 

We typically engage and hire globally recognized service providers through the spot contracts basis factors including cost, availability and delivery schedules. We invite fresh quotations from the relevant service providers which are negotiated separately in relation to each spot contract. Accordingly, our transportation costs may vary and are based on rates that are offered to us from time to time. Our business is also vulnerable to increased transportation costs or delivery delays due to various factors, including increase in fuel costs, freight rates, increase in port, road and toll taxes, shipping congestions, damage or losses of goods in transit, disruption of transportation services because of weather related problems, strikes, lock-outs, accidents, inadequacies in waterways and road infrastructure, currency fluctuations, changes in tariff or import policies, political uncertainty or other similar events. 

25 

We may face transportation risks including damage or losses of goods in transit, delay in deliveries to our customers etc. due to loss or pilferage, which we may not be able to fully recover from our service provider or from our insurance coverage. Further, while we adjust freight costs in the cost of products sold to our customers, we bear transportation risk for the duration of transit. In addition, we may be required to replace a service provider if its services do not meet our safety, quality or performance standards or the partner’s non-compliance with applicable laws or if it should unexpectedly discontinue operations due to reasons beyond its or our control. Any prolonged disruption or unavailability of such facilities in a timely manner could result in delays or inability to deliver our products to our customers, or may require us to look for alternative means of transportation which may not be cost or time efficient, thereby adversely affecting our operations, profitability, reputation and market position. 

Our operations and profitability are dependent upon the availability of reliable logistic and support services in a timely and cost efficient manner and any disruption in these services including transportation services or increase in their cost may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **4.** **_Our Statutory Auditors have included an emphasis of matter regarding the accounting treatment of certain equity shares and CCPP in the auditors’ reports on our special purpose interim consolidated financial statements for the three months period ended June 30, 2021 and the audited consolidated financial statements for Fiscal 2021 and in the examination report on the Restated Consolidated Financial Information._** 

In the examination report on the Restated Consolidated Financial Information  and auditor’s report on special purpose interim consolidated financial statements as at and for the three months period ended June 30, 2021 and auditor’s report on consolidated financial statements for FY 2021, the Statutory Auditors have drawn attention to the accounting treatment of certain equity shares and compulsory convertible participatory preference shares (" **CCPP** ") presented as equity share capital and preference share capital, respectively and the premium thereon presented under securities premium account in the Restated Consolidated Financial Information, in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013. The Auditor noted that such presentation and measurement is not in accordance with Ind AS 32 'Financial Instruments: Presentation' and Ind AS 109 ‘Financial Instruments’ which requires the presentation of these equity shares, CCPP and the securities premium as a financial liability in its entirety, given the obligation on the holding company to buy-back these equity shares and CCPP from the holders and subsequent changes in measurement of financial liability to be recognised in the Restated Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss. Further, the relevant disclosures required under Ind AS 107 'Financial Instruments: Disclosures' and under Ind AS 1 'Presentation of financial statements' for these equity shares and CCPP have not been made in the Restated Consolidated Financial Information in view of these reasons. 

Further, the Statutory Auditors have observed in the notes to the Restated Consolidated Financial Information that if the equity shares and CCPP were classified and measured as per Ind AS 32 and Ind AS 109, the total liabilities would be higher by ₹2,492.21 million for the three months period ended June 30, 2021, ₹2,390.68 million for Fiscal 2021, ₹1,821.34 million for Fiscal 2020 and ₹1,629.89 million for Fiscal 2019 and profit before tax would be lower by ₹101.53 million for the three months period ended June 30, 2021, ₹569.34 million for Fiscal 2021, ₹191.45 million for Fiscal 2020 and ₹99.99 million for Fiscal 2019. The Statutory Auditors have not modified their opinion in this regard. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, pursuant to resolutions dated November 10, 2021 passed by our Board and Shareholders, 8,692,281 CCPP held by Wagner Limited were converted to 8,692,281 Equity Shares, For details, see “ **_Capital Structure- Notes to the Capital Structure – Equity Share capital history of our Company_** ” and “ **_Capital Structure - Notes to the Capital Structure – Preference Share capital history of our Company_** ” on pages 79 and 82. 

5. **_We have voluntarily approached the RBI in relation to certain delays in filing of Form FC-GPR and Form ESOP by our Company in the past and cannot assure you that these matters will be resolved in a timely manner_** . 

The Foreign Exchange Management (Transfer or Issue of Security by a Person Resident Outside India) Regulations, 2000 require a company to report any issuance of shares or convertible debentures in accordance with these regulations in Form FC-GPR within 30 days of such issuance. Our Company inadvertently failed to file Form FC-GPR for the issuance of CCPP and bonus shares to Wagner Limited on May 11, 2011 and October 5, 2013, respectively. We have _suo moto_ filed a compounding application 

26 

before the RBI on August 6, 2021 and will take necessary steps as the RBI may direct. We received a letter dated September 8, 2021 from RBI regarding an incremental query on the valuation of bonus shares issued to Wagner Limited and our Company has submitted its response on September 10, 2021, as appropriate. 

Further, in the past, there have been inadvertent lapses by our Company in relation to RBI related filings for ESOPs granted on four instances between 2011 to 2015 to certain of our non-resident employees, at the time. Our Company inadvertently failed to file Form ESOP within 30 days of such ESOP grants in relation to all ESOP grants during the above mentioned period. Our Company has approached the RBI and in accordance with guidance from our AD bank, we have initiated the process of sequential submission of the ESOP forms, with the filing of the first such form on August 10, 2021, which was rejected for certain technical reasons requiring our Company to make few modifications to the form. Accordingly, we have resubmitted the first ESOP form with such modifications on September 8, 2021 and the remaining three forms in a sequential manner. The RBI vide its letter dated October 27, 2021 has acknowledged the aforesaid forms submitted by us subject to the filing of an application by our Company for compounding of the aforesaid contravention. Accordingly, we have filed a compounding application before the RBI on November 1, 2021 and will take necessary steps as the RBI may direct. 

Pending regularisation of the above delays, which came to our attention during recent review of our internal records, it is not possible to quantify the extent to which penalty, if any, may materialise on the Company in this regard, or whether this will be regularised in a timely manner. 

# **6.** **_Any shortfall or delay in the supply of our raw materials or an increase in our raw material costs, may adversely affect the pricing and supply of our products and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business depends on our ability to attract and retain third party suppliers of raw material. Discontinuation of production by these suppliers or a failure of these suppliers to adhere to any delivery schedule or the required quality or quantity could hamper our production schedule and therefore affect our business and results of operations. This dependence may also adversely affect the availability of key materials at reasonable prices thus affecting our margins and may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. There can be no assurance that strong demand, capacity limitations or other problems experienced by our suppliers will not result in shortages or delays in their supply of raw materials to us. 

The predominant raw material used for manufacturing our products is rubber compound, which we manufacture in India from primary raw materials including carbon black, high grade natural rubber, polyurethane rubber and styrene-butadiene rubber. Our Company also exports the rubber compound manufactured by us as an intermediate raw material to our Subsidiaries, Tega Chile and Tega Africa, to ensure quality consistency in the products manufactured at their manufacturing facilities. Our Company exported 33%, 18%, 16% and 14% of the total rubber compound manufactured in the three months period ended June 30, 2021 and in Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, while the remaining quantity was to be used for our manufacturing operations in India. The other major raw material for manufacturing our products is reinforcement including wear plates, casting and aluminum which is typically procured separately for each manufacturing facility. We procure the raw materials required for manufacturing rubber compound, such as carbon black and polybutadiene rubber, from various suppliers, which comply with our quality standards and other specifications. For instance, we import the entire quantity of polybutadiene rubber required by us from two overseas suppliers. Further, in relation to facilities located in India, we presently rely on suppliers of wear plates from Sweden alone and have recently diversified to engage suppliers in Germany. Any disruption in the supply from these suppliers may materially affect our production as we may not be able to engage alternate suppliers that comply with our required quality standards on similar terms, costs or at all. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully diversify the number of suppliers for these raw materials or achieve an adequate combination of domestic and overseas suppliers or maintain our arrangements with existing suppliers on the same terms, in a timely manner, at competitive rates or at all. Further, some of the raw materials we use for our products are generated synthetically, and may be banned for use in the future, due to perceived potential environmental risks and adverse effects on human health. For instance, MOCA and hexavalent zinc, each a synthetic material used by us is not in compliance with the requirements of the Restriction of Hazardous Substances Directive effected by the members of the European Commission and accordingly banned in certain countries where we export our products. Any raw materials, which may be banned in the future, for 

27 

environment, health, safety or public law and policy concerns, would require us to invest significant time and resources to redesign some or a significant number of our products and seek suitable alternative raw materials, which we may not be able to procure at competitive rates or at all. 

Raw material supply and pricing can be volatile due to a number of factors beyond our control, including the ability of suppliers to manufacture such raw materials, global demand and supply, general economic and political conditions, transportation and labour costs, labour unrest, natural disasters, lockdowns and curfews, competition, import duties, tariffs and currency exchange rates. For instance, prices of crude oil and petroleum, which are used for producing certain of our raw materials such as carbon black are volatile and depend on global demand-supply dynamics, as well as domestic output and import volumes and any increase in their prices would lead to increases in the price of our raw materials. Any significant increase in raw material costs could result in an increase in our total expenses, which we may not be able to pass on to our customers, which may in turn adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 

# **7.** **_We are dependent on a few key suppliers of certain raw materials and do not have long term contracts or exclusive arrangements with these key suppliers. Accordingly, the loss of, or a significant reduction in supply by, such suppliers could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We procure certain of our primary raw materials, i.e. carbon black, high grade natural rubber, polyurethane rubber, styrene-butadiene rubber and wear plates from certain key suppliers which are established players in India and overseas. Since we are largely dependent on such key suppliers for a significant portion of raw material procurement, we are subject to several risks, including increases in cost of the raw materials we procure and reduced control over delivery schedules. We also face the risk that one or more of our existing suppliers may discontinue their supplies to us. The loss of any one of our key suppliers or a significant reduction in supply from such suppliers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 

The success of our supplier relationships depends significantly on satisfactory performance by our suppliers and fulfilment of their obligations. As our primary raw materials such as wear plates are produced in certain specific technical specifications and grades, we may face difficulty in finding alternative sources for such raw materials. There can be no assurance that there will not be a significant disruption in the supply of raw materials currently sourced by us or, in the event of a disruption, that we would be able to locate alternative suppliers of materials or third party manufacturers of comparable quality at an acceptable price, or at all, and whether such suppliers, if identified, would be able to make supplies of raw materials to us in a timely manner, or at all. Although we have not encountered any significant disruptions in the sourcing and/or supply of our raw materials, we cannot assure you that such disruptions will not occur. 

Additionally, we do not currently have long term contracts or exclusive supply arrangements with any of our key suppliers and we purchase the raw materials on spot order basis. The failure of our suppliers to deliver raw material in the necessary quantities or as per the required schedule, of a specified quality/standard/specification, may adversely affect our production processes thereby giving rise to contractual penalties or liabilities, loss of customers and/or an adverse effect on our reputation, which may in turn result in an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **8.** **_Depreciation of the Indian Rupee and exchange rate fluctuations in currencies in which we do business or have outstanding borrowings may materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations (mainly in USD, CAD, AUD, EUR, SGD, ZAR, CLP, GHS, GHC) in respect of (i) revenue from overseas business in foreign denominations; (ii) our foreign currency denominated borrowings; (iii) currency translation losses for the purpose of preparing our consolidated financial statements (which are presented in Indian Rupees), on account of our global operations; and (iv) value of our foreign assets. Revenue generated from external customers from outside India (i.e. revenue earned in currencies other than INR) was ₹1,463.21 million (USD 19.86 million), ₹6,961.18 million (USD 93.94 million), ₹5,884.52 million (USD 82.82 million) and ₹5,439.55 million (USD 77.81 million) in the three months period ended June 30, 2021 and Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Further, for details of our foreign currency risk exposure, see “ **_Restated Consolidated Financial Information- Annexure V - Notes to the Restated Consolidated Financial Information-Note 40_** ” on page 274. 

28 

Our revenues, operating expenses and finance costs are influenced by the currencies of those countries where we manufacture and/or sell our products. The exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and these currencies, primarily the US$ has fluctuated in the past and our results of operations have been impacted by such fluctuations in the past and may be impacted by such fluctuations in the future. For example, during times of strengthening of the Indian Rupee, we expect that our overseas sales and revenues will generally be negatively impacted. However, the effect of depreciation in the Indian Rupee may not be sustained or may not show an appreciable impact on our results of operations in any given financial period due to other variables impacting our business and results of operations during the same period. Moreover, as the borrowing arrangements availed by certain of our foreign Subsidiaries are foreign currency denominated, we expect that our cost of borrowing as well as our cost of raw materials and components incurred by our foreign Subsidiaries may rise during a sustained depreciation of the relevant foreign currency against the Indian Rupee. 

While we seek to pass on all losses on account of foreign currency fluctuations to our customers, our ability to foresee future foreign currency fluctuations is limited. In relation to our products which are priced in foreign currencies, the strengthening of these currencies against the Indian Rupee results in gains and the weakening of these currencies results in losses for our Company. As an effort to mitigate any significant currency fluctuations, we typically agree to renegotiate/reset prices of our products on a periodic basis including adjustments on account of currency fluctuations beyond a specified range, which may vary between customers, depending on terms negotiated with such customers from time to time. The said permitted adjustments in our prices are generally effected with a prospective effect and may not be adequate to fully set-off the effect of foreign currency fluctuations, which may result, as earlier mentioned, in either losses or gains for our Company. 

Our Company primarily uses derivatives to hedge its risk against foreign currency balances of borrowings, trade payables and trade receivables and contract assets. Such exposures are managed within approved policy parameters utilising foreign exchange forward contracts and options. Further, our Company also has variable interest rate loan in foreign currency. To manage its risk against interest rate movements our Company has taken an interest rate swap. Our Company has also entered into derivative contracts to hedge forecast sales and purchase transactions using forward contracts. However, any action that we may take and any amounts that we spend or invest in order to hedge the risks to our business due to fluctuations in currencies may not adequately hedge against any losses and we cannot assure you of the sufficiency of these procedures or whether the procedures we have in place will be successful in managing our foreign currency exposure. 

# **9.** **_The Investor has certain put and buy back options under the Shareholders’ Agreement dated April 29, 2011, as amended (“SHA”)_** 

In terms of the SHA, the Investor has, among others, a right to cause our Company to buy-back certain put options associated with the equity shares and CCPP held by the Investor if an initial public offering by our Company is not completed within the prescribed period, in accordance with the terms of the SHA. Further, in terms of the SHA, the CCPP were to be converted in to an equal number of Equity Shares on the happening of certain events, including the filing of a red herring prospectus for an initial public offering by our Company or on a particular date, as mutually agreed between our Company, the Investor and our Promoters. Consequently, the CCPP have been converted to Equity Shares prior to the filing of the red herring prospectus by the Company, as disclosed in the section titled, ‘ **_Capital Structure_** ’ on page 79. The rights held by the Investor in relation to the Securities in accordance with the SHA and the details in relation to the allotment and/or transfer of the Securities to the Investor are disclosed in the sections titled, “ **_History and Certain Corporate Matters - Shareholders’ Agreements and Other Agreements_** ” and “ **_Capital Structure_** ” on pages 172 and 79, respectively. There can be no assurance that we will complete the initial public offering within the prescribed period and if the date of exercising such options is not mutually extended by the parties, it may require us to buy-back the put options associated with the Securities in accordance with the SHA. These put and buy-back options have been currently extended by the parties till December 31, 2021, which may be further extended mutually by the parties. The put and buy-back options will not survive after the date of allotment of Equity Shares in the Offer as pursuant to the SHA Amendment Agreement, the SHA shall automatically stand terminated upon the date of allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to the Offer, as disclosed in “ **_History and Certain Corporate Matters- Shareholders’ Agreements and Other Agreements_** ” on page 172. 

29 

# **10.** **_Our Company, our Promoters and our Directors are involved in certain legal proceedings, and an adverse outcome in any such proceedings may adversely affect our business, financial condition and growth strategy._** 

Our Company is involved in certain legal proceedings, in the ordinary course of business, which are pending at varying levels of adjudication at different forums from time to time. As per the Materiality Policy, all pending litigation involving our Company, our Subsidiaries, our Promoters and our Directors, other than criminal proceedings, statutory or regulatory actions and taxation matters, are considered “material” if the monetary amount of claim by or against the entity or person, in any such pending litigation exceeds 0.5% of the restated consolidated total profit for the year of our Company, as per the Restated Consolidated Financial Information, for the latest fiscal i.e. Fiscal 2021, amounting to ₹6.82 million, or any such litigation, an adverse outcome of which would materially and adversely affect our Company’s business, prospects, operations, financial condition or reputation, irrespective of the amount involved in such litigation. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, the summary of the outstanding litigations involving the aforementioned persons/entities are as follows: 

|**Type of Litigation**|**Number of cases**|**Amount***<br>**(in ₹**<br>**million)**|
|---|---|---|
|**Litigation involving ourCompany**|||
|Criminal litigation|3<sup>^</sup>|2.70|
|Material civil litigation|3|35.43|
|Actions bystatutoryor regulatoryauthorities|2|-|
|Direct and indirect taxproceedings|24|263.78|
|**Total**|**32**|**301.91**|
|**Litigation involving our Promoters**|||
|Actions bystatutoryor regulatoryauthorities|1|-|
|Direct and indirect taxproceedings|21|22.22|
|**Total**|**22**|**22.22**|
|**Litigation involving our Directors**|||
|Actions bystatutoryor regulatoryauthorities|1|-|
|Direct and indirect taxproceedings|9|2.71|
|**Total**|**10**|**2.71**|
|**Litigation involving our Subsidiaries**|||
|Actions bystatutoryor regulatoryauthorities|5|-|
|**Total**|**5**|**-**|
|**Litigation involving our Group Companies**<sup>**</sup>|||
|Nil|Nil|Nil|



> ***** _to the extent quantifiable_ 

> ** _This comprises the pending  proceedings which may have a material impact on our Company, in accordance with the Materiality Policy._ 

> _^ These three criminal complaints have been filed by the Company against Tecpro Systems Ltd. under the Negotiable Instruments Act, 1881. For details, see “_ **_Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments- Litigation involving our Company_** _” on page 355._ 

Involvement in such proceedings could divert our management’s time and attention, and consume financial resources. Further, an adverse judgment in these proceedings could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. See “ **_Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_** ” on page 355. 

We cannot assure you that any of such proceedings will be settled in our favour or in favour of our Promoters or Directors, as applicable, or that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. 

# **11.** **_There are outstanding actions by statutory or regulatory authorities against our Company and Promoters. Any adverse outcome in such proceedings may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

There are two outstanding actions by statutory or regulatory authorities against our Company, each of which have been filed by the Inspector of Factories, Kalyani before the Additional Chief Judicial Magistrate, Kalyani, Nadia. One of these actions has been filed against one of our Promoters, Mehul Mohanka, as the then occupier of our manufacturing facility at Kalyani.  These outstanding actions allege violation of certain provisions of the Factories Act, 1948 and the West Bengal Factories Rules, 1958 pursunt to inspection/ enquiry carried out by the Inspector. For details, see “ **_Outstanding litigation and_** 

30 

**_Material Developments-  Outstanding actions by statutory or regulatory authorities against our Company_** ” on page 356. There can be no assurance that these legal proceedings will be decided in our favor or in favor of our Company or our Promoter. In addition, we cannot assure you that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings, which may affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**12.** **_We export our products to various countries, on account of which we may be subject to significant import duties or restrictions. Further, unavailability of fiscal benefits enjoyed by us or our inability to comply with related requirements may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

Our key overseas markets include North America, South America, Africa, EMER (Europe, Middle East and Russia) and Asia Pacific. The countries in these regions impose varying import duties on our products. There can be no assurance that the import duties will not increase or new restrictions will not be imposed by such countries. Any substantial increase in such duties or imposition of new restrictions may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Export destination countries may also enter into free trade agreements or regional trade agreements with countries other than India. Such agreements and alteration of existing tax treaties may lead to increased competition or may even place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to manufacturers in other countries. India is also a party to, and is currently negotiating, free trade agreements with several countries and if we export our products to such countries, any revocation or alteration of those bilateral agreements may also adversely affect our ability to export. Occurrence of any of these events may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, changes in import policies or an economic slowdown in countries to which we export our products may have a significant adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, the GoI notifies policies providing fiscal benefits on exports and imports from time to time and any discontinuance or non-availability of such fiscal benefits enjoyed by us or our inability to comply with related requirements may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. For instance, we enjoyed certain fiscal benefits under the erstwhile Merchandise Exports from India Scheme (“ **MEIS** ”), pursuant to which, we could use duty credit scrips for payment of import duty obligations or sell such duty credit scrips in the open market to other importers. However, the Ministry of Finance, GoI has withdrawn MEIS with effect from January 1, 2021 and announced a scheme for remission of duties and taxes on export products (“ **RoDTEP Scheme** ”) for exporters. Under the RoDTEP Scheme we are entitled to benefits from 0.9% to 1.4% as compared to 3% under MEIS. Further, while MEIS was eligible for exports from SEZs and exports under an advance license, the RoDTEP Scheme is not eligible for such exports. Additionally, we apply for an advance license allowing duty free import of input material used for our manufacturing activities under the Foreign Trade Policy of India 2015-2020, which imposes certain export obligations on us. We cannot assure you that we will successfully obtain such a license every time and/or will subsequently be able to comply with the requirements prescribed thereunder. 

The fiscal benefits enjoyed by the Company, on a consolidated basis, on account of export and import policy during the three months period ended June 30, 2021 and Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019 are set out below. 

||**For three months**||_(in ₹ m_<br>|_illion, where applicable)_<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Particulars**|<br>**period ended**<br>**June 30, 2021**|**For year ended**<br>**March 31, 2021**|**For year ended**<br>**March 31, 2020**|**For year ended**<br>**March 31, 2019**|
|Revenue from|||||
|Operations|1,732.07|8,055.22|6,848.47|6,337.57|
|Export benefit|9.80|68.36|108.16|111.49|
|% of Revenue from|||||
|Operations|0.57%|0.85%|1.58%|1.76%|
|Import Benefit|10.42|50.43|50.29|33.04|
|% of Revenue from<br>Operations|0.60%|0.63%|0.73%|0.52%|



**13.** **_We have been unable to locate certain of our historical corporate records._** 

31 

Our Company was incorporated on May 15, 1976 and we have been unable to trace the following historical records in relation to certain allotments and transfers of Equity Shares in the past: 

- Form-2 filed with the RoC in relation to all the allotments of Equity Shares in the period from February 17, 1977 to January 6, 1981, along with allotments made on September 30, 2004. 

- Resolutions passed by the Board and/or the Shareholders of the Company in relation to certain allotments of Equity Shares in the period from February 17, 1977 to September 30, 2004. 

- Certain share transfer forms in relation to transfer of Equity Shares to and by our Promoters. 

For details of the above instances of allotments, see “ **_Capital Structure_** ” on page 79. 

We have been unable to trace these documents despite conducting a search at our Company’s offices and the Registrar of Companies and may be unable to obtain copies of these documents in the future to ascertain details of the relevant transactions. Accordingly, reliance has been placed on opinions obtained from third party independent source and confirmations provided by our Company in respect of the missing corporate records and appropriate disclosures have been made in this Red Herring Prospectus pursuant to the due diligence of the other relevant corporate records available with our Company including the minutes of meetings of the Board, register of members, register of transfer of Equity Shares and share transfer forms in relation to transfer of Equity Shares by and to the Promoters to ascertain the information sought from the missing corporate records. Further, our Company has, through letter dated July 5, 2021, preferred a right to information application before the Public Information Officer, Registrar of Companies, West Bengal requesting the authorities to provide all the Form 2 filings and the certified copies of documents available with the Registrar of Companies in relation to our Company since its inception. We received a reply dated July 8, 2021, which was received by us on September 15, 2021 stating that the form filings made by a Company are available on the public domain of the MCA website. However, all form filings which were made physically prior to 2006 are not available on the MCA website and accordingly such filings of our Company cannot be retrieved from the MCA website. Subsequently, our Company through letter dated September 27, 2021, preferred another right to information application and received response on October 6, 2021 confirming that certain physical Form 2 filings of the Company have been destroyed in accordance with the relevant rules. Further, Aditya Tiwari & Company, Practising Company Secretary, has conducted an independent search at the RoC office and submitted a report dated July 14, 2021 to extract the Company’s form filings. While no legal proceedings or regulatory action has been initiated against our Company in relation to the unavailable filings as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we cannot assure you that such proceedings or regulatory actions will not be initiated against our Company in the future in relation to the missing filings and corporate records. 

# **14.** **_Our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale_** 

The proceeds from the Offer for Sale will be paid to the Selling Shareholders. Certain of our Promoters, Madan Mohan Mohanka and Manish Mohanka and our Shareholder, Wagner Limited are selling Equity Shares in the Offer and will receive proceeds as part of the Offer for Sale in proportion of their respective portion of the Offered Shares transferred pursuant to the Offer, Accordingly, our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. 

**15.** **_We depend on our R&D efforts to improve our existing products and/or introduce new products and if our efforts do not succeed, our results of operations, growth and prospects may be adversely effected. Further, any failure to commercialize our new products may adversely impact our business, results of operations and future prospects._** 

The development and commercialization of improved and/or new products is complex, time-consuming and costly, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Accordingly, we have committed substantial effort, funds and other resources towards R&D activities. For the three months period ended June 30, 2021 and Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, we have incurred research and development expenditure on a consolidated basis aggregating to ₹9.84 million, ₹37.52 million, ₹36.68 million and ₹42.42 million, respectively. Further, we currently have 36 personnel in our in-house R&D team and have invested in a customised software for structural analysis, flow analysis, 3D modelling and product selection. For further details, see “ **_Business - Research and Development_** ” on page 163. We have developed and commercialized DynaPrime and Rapido in Fiscal 2018. For details see, “ **_Business- Our product portfolio_** ” on page 149. 

32 

We cannot guarantee that the improved and/or new products we will introduce in the future will be successful or will continue to be successful, whether due to factors within or outside of our control, such as general economic conditions and failure to predict customer demand or understand market requirements. In the event that such products are unsuccessful, we may lose any or all of the investments that we have made in developing them, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and future prospects. 

Further, products developed as a result of our research and development activities will only be profitable if they can be commercialized. While we have an existing track record of concept to commercialization, the process of developing new products takes a significant amount of time and investment from the stage of identification till the launch of the product. The launch of a new product is itself a complex process, the success of which depends on a wide range of factors, including the production readiness of our manufacturing facilities and manufacturing processes and those of our suppliers, as well as factors related to tooling, equipment, employees and initial product quality. If we are unable to bring enough products to market, or if products are brought to market after competing products are commercialized, our growth strategy may not be successful, and our business would be adversely affected. For instance, we are currently working on introducing combination linings in single equipment but cannot assure you that we will be successful in launching such products and also profitable commercialising their use by our customers.  Further, we also incur costs in obtaining patents for our products and operations. For details see, “- **_Our efforts in obtaining and protecting our patents may be costly and unsuccessful, which may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations_** ” below. 

At any point in time due to either failure or commercial unviability of our product, the research and development activities related to such product may be suspended or discontinued. Our ongoing investments in new product launches and research and development for future products could result in higher costs without a proportionate increase in revenues. There can be no assurance that our expenditure on research and development activities will yield proportionate results or that commercially viable products may be developed or launched as a result of such research and development activities. 

# **16.** **_Our inability to identify and adapt to evolving industry trends, technological advancements, consumer preferences may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Changes in industry trends or competitive technologies or consumer preferences may render certain of our products obsolete, standardised or less attractive. Our ability to anticipate changes in industry trends, technology and customer preferences and to successfully develop and introduce new and enhanced products to cater to our current and potential customers in a timely manner, is a significant factor in our ability to remain competitive. For instance, as a response to the industry trend of moving towards the rubber-metal composite mill in the mining industry, we launched our flagship product, DynaPrime in 2018. However, we may not be able to identify such upcoming industry trends in a timely manner, at all or respond to such industry trends by launching suitable products. 

Customer preferences, especially in many developed markets, appear to be moving in favour of environmentally friendly technologies such as renewables and electrical cars. These developments may boost the global demand for copper. Within the Indian market, developments such as allowing commercial coal mining and the introduction of the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Amendment Bill, 2021 may lead to increased mineral production in India ( _Source: F&S Report)._ For more details, see “ **_Industry Overview_** ” on page 108. Our ability to anticipate industry trends, changes in technology or consumer preferences, successfully predict, develop and bring to market new and innovative and/or improved products, may have a significant impact on our market competitiveness. Further, unexpected advances in a given technology in the market or difficulties encountered in developing a new technology internally, could prevent us from seizing opportunities relating to technological breakthroughs and as a result could impact our competitive positioning, growth and profitability. If we are unable to maintain our competitive advantage through innovation or if we do not sustain our ability to meet customer requirements relative to technology, or acquire new and compelling products that capitalize upon new technologies in response to consumer preferences, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

**17.** **_Certain of our immovable properties and machinery in India and overseas are taken on lease by us. If we are unable to renew existing leases or relocate our operations on commercially reasonable terms, there may be an adverse effect._** 

33 

Our manufacturing facilities at Kalyani, West Bengal and Dahej, Gujarat, Chile and Australia are located on land held by us on leasehold basis. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we have 37 leasehold immovable properties located in India and 23 leasehold properties located overseas, including branch offices, administrative offices, warehouses and guest houses. Our Company has also taken 7 machineries including forklifts on lease for our operations in India.  If we are unable to renew certain or all of these leases on commercially reasonable terms, we may suffer a disruption in our operations or be unable to continue to operate from those locations in the future (and may, to that extent, need to revise our raw material sourcing, product manufacturing and raw material and product inventory schedules and/or incur significant costs to relocate or expand our operations elsewhere in order to continue to honour our commitments to our customers). 

In addition, the terms of certain of our leases require us (as the lessee) to incur certain repair and maintenance costs from time to time and to bear utility charges, and include conditions which may restrict our operational flexibility in certain respects, for instance, requiring us to obtain the lessor’s prior consent for certain actions (including making significant structural alterations to the factory building, which may be required if we were to undertake a significant expansion in the future, or for undertaking a corporate restructuring or to sublet, transfer, assign, charge or mortgage such properties). 

Failure to identify suitable premises for relocation of existing properties, if required, or in relation to new or proposed properties we may purchase, in time or at all, may have an adverse effect on our production and supply chain, the pace of our projected growth as well as our business and results of operations. 

# **18.** **_We earn repeat revenues from our customers, specially our marquee customers, on the basis of the long-term relationships that we have established with them. The loss of any of our long-term marquee customers or significant reduction in repeat orders from such marquee customers may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are dependent on the long-term relationships that we have established with our customers, specially our marquee customers, as we primarily cater to the after-market products and services needs of our customers, who are typically in the mining beneficiation industry. The after-market spend for a mining mill comprises expenses including costs of wear and separation parts, grinding media, power consumption, liners and other regular operating expenses, which leads to recurring demand and repeat revenues for us. As a result, 76.28%, 74.29%, 75.43% and 79.72% of our sale of product and services in the three months period ended June 30, 2021 and Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019 resulted from repeat orders of spares. 

Further, the details of the revenue from operations earned from our top 20 customers is set out below. 

|**Particulars**|<br>**Three**<br>**months**<br>**period**<br>**ended**<br>**June**|**Revenue fro**|**m operation**|**s**|**% of** **t**<br>**Three**<br>**months**<br>**period**<br>**ended**<br>**June**|**otal revenu**|**e from ope**|**rations**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**30,**<br>||||**30,**<br>||||
||**2021**|**FY 2021**|**FY 2020**|**FY 2019**|**2021**|**FY 2021**|**FY 2020**|**FY 2019**|
|**Total (A+B)**|**894.46**|**3,626.00**|**2,896.15**|**2,174.82**|**52.75%**|**46.08%**|**43.61%**|**35.40%**|
|A.<br>Spares|535.15|2,680.31|2,181.38|1,740.07|31.56%|34.06%|32.85%|28.32%|
|B. Conversion|359.31|945.69|714.77|434.75|21.19%|12.02%|10.76%|7.08%|



If we are unable to maintain constant dialogue with our customers, understand the recurring needs of their operations or deliver the spares to replace the parts in a timely manner and of a certain quality, we may not be able to retain our long-term relationship with them and lose their repeat orders to our competitors. Any significant loss of our repeat orders will impact our order book and limit our ability to accurately forecast the demand for our products and services. Additionally, we may incur significant expense in preparing to meet anticipated repeat orders that may not be recovered. Further, if our marquee customers do not successfully expand or scale-up their mining operations, we may be prevented from capitalising on new growth opportunities by leveraging our long-term relationship with them. 

We seek to leverage our direct sales model and dedicated regional teams to develop long-term relationships with our more recently acquired customers to gain their repeat business as well. If we are unable to develop a deep understanding of their after-market needs or develop products and services that 

34 

will meet their expectations and requirements, we may not establish a long-term relationship with these customers, which may adversely affect our prospects and revenue from repeat orders in the subsequent years. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain historic levels of repeat business from our long-term and/or marquee customers or gain the repeat business of our newer customers, which may adversely affect our business, financial conditions and revenues from operations. 

# **19.** **_Activities involving our manufacturing process can be dangerous and can cause injury to people or property in certain circumstances. A significant disruption at any of our manufacturing facilities may adversely affect our production schedules, costs, sales and ability to meet customer demand._** 

Manufacturing activities by nature may be hazardous. Our business requires individuals to work under potentially dangerous circumstances or with flammable materials. Despite compliance with requisite safety requirements and standards, our operations are subject to significant hazards, including: 

- explosions; 

- fires; 

- mechanical failures and other operational problems; 

- inclement weather and natural disasters; 

- discharges or releases of hazardous substances, chemicals or gases; and 

- other environmental risks. 

These hazards can cause personal injury and loss of life, catastrophic damage or destruction of property and equipment as well as environmental damage, which could result in a suspension of operations and the imposition of civil or criminal liabilities. However, we could also face claims and litigation, in India or overseas, filed on behalf of persons alleging injury predominantly as a result of occupational exposure to hazards at our facilities. If these claims and lawsuits, individually or in the aggregate, are resolved against us, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

# **20.** **_We have significant power, water and fuel requirements and any disruption in supplies could increase our production costs and adversely affect our results of operations._** 

We require substantial power, water and fuel for our manufacturing facilities. In particular, power and fuel costs represent a significant portion of the production costs for our operations. For the three months period ended June 30, 2021 and FY 2021, FY 2020, and FY 2019, power and fuel expenses costs were ₹60.61 million, ₹213.20 million, ₹215.30 million and ₹210.46 million, constituting 3.50%, 2.65%, 3.14% and 3.32%, respectively, of our revenue from operations. If power and fuel costs were to rise, or if power and fuel supplies or supply arrangements were disrupted, our profitability could decline. 

If our power sources are disrupted, we may have to rely on captive generators, which may not be able to consistently meet our requirements or incur additional costs towards sourcing additional power and steam. The cost of electricity from state electricity boards could be significantly higher, thereby adversely affecting our cost of production and profitability. Further, if for any reason such electricity is not available, we may need to shut down our plants until an adequate supply of electricity is restored. Interruptions of electricity supply can also result in production shutdowns, increased costs associated with restarting production and the loss of production in progress. Any of the foregoing situations could adversely affect our production costs and results of operations. 

# **21.** **_We provide customised products and solutions to our customers and depend on our ability to identify and understand our customers’ preferences and requirements. Any failure to do so or subsequent change in our customers’ preferences may adversely affect our cash flow, business and results of operations._** 

The success of our business depends to a large extent on our ability to provide customised products designed to suit the specific needs of our customers rather than providing standardized products by taking into account multiple characteristics of the application including type of ore, ore size, tonnage, breakage rate, power or rotational speed, pH, temperature, humidity, size, distribution and trajectory, sound levels and health and safety standards. Investing in product innovation and customisation involves significant 

35 

investment of time and resources towards understanding the requirements of our customers such as design improvements, cost savings, durability etc. However, there is no assurance that we will be able to produce the customised product to the satisfaction of the customer, or at all, which may adversely affect our cash flow, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We dedicate significant time, manpower and financial and other resources to our product customisation efforts in order to maintain our competitive position. Any or all of the customisations to our products as requested by our customers may result in changes in product specifications and difficulties in predicting the time to be taken for the development of a new product. Additionally, enhancements/refinements are typically complex and are normally elongated over a period of time as they include several phases from conceptualization to development followed by field testing and trials. Further, the customers may not purchase our products, customised as per their requirements, to the extent earlier anticipated, or at all, and may require us to undertake further research and innovation before purchasing our products. As many of our operating expenses are relatively fixed, such unanticipated change in customer demand or preference may adversely affect our cash flow, business and results of operations. 

# **22.** **_The extent to which COVID-19 affects our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted._** 

The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted the global economy. The World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 as a public health emergency of international concern on January 30, 2020 and a pandemic on March 11, 2020. The Government of India announced a nation-wide lockdown on March 23, 2020 and imposed several restrictions, such as imposing country-wide lockdowns, as well as restrictions on travel and business operations, which were subsequently relaxed in a phased manner across the country. Resurgence of COVID-19 in India in April 2021 led to further lockdowns in various regions of India and temporary closure of businesses. While the lockdowns have subsequently been relaxed, the scope, duration, and frequency of such measures and the adverse effects of COVID-19 remain uncertain and could be severe. Similarly, Australia, South Africa and Chile also imposed certain restriction, including restrictions on movement, travel and business activities which are relaxed in accordance with the instructions of the relevant authorities in the respective jurisdictions. We cannot predict when any of the restrictions currently in place will be relaxed or when further restrictions will be announced. 

However, COVID-19 had limited impact on the mills and mining industry, since it was declared as an essential service in various countries globally. Mines were running continuously since temporary shutdowns of mines are expensive and therefore there was a resilient demand for critical mill consumables for its regular operations. In India, as our products are categorised as “essential goods”, we were able to continue manufacturing operations during the lockdown. Although, we faced a temporary logistical issues in terms of limited availability of labour, logistics and supply chain constraints. Our exports and production in our domestic facilities were temporarily disrupted in March-April, 2020. Further, our plants in Chile, South Africa and Australia remained functional except for a temporary halt at our plant in South Africa in March-April 2020. For details of the temporary disruption faced by our manufacturing units, see ‘ **_Business-Impact of Covid_** ’ on page 149. 

We have implemented greater safety procedures and requirements at our manufacturing facilities to meet the relevant government’s requirement on sanitisation, and social distancing. However, due to limited availability of labour, logistics and supply chain constraints, our manufacturing facilities were initially operating at sub-optimal capacity utilization but subsequently, our capacity utilization has improved, raw material suppliers have resumed operations and supply and logistics have become more regular. We have not terminated any lease deed or laid-off any employees and have not withheld any payments to employees as a consequence of the COVID-19. 

We have assessed the possible impact of COVID-19 and have been largely unaffected until now however, the scale of the COVID-19 pandemic and the extent to which the local and global community has been impacted, our quarterly and annual revenue growth rates and expenses as a percentage of our revenues, may differ significantly from our historical rates, and our future operating results may fall below expectations. The impact of the pandemic on our business, operations and future financial performance include, but are not limited to the following: 

- our ability to travel, interact with potential customers, pursue partnerships and other business transactions; 

36 

- our inability to source key raw materials as a result of the temporary or permanent closure of the facilities of suppliers of our key raw materials; 

- a portion of our workforce being unable to work, including because of travel or government restrictions in connection with Covid, including stay at home order, which could result in a slowdown in our operations; 

- delays in orders or delivery of orders, which may negatively impact our cash conversion cycle and ability to convert our backlog into cash; 

- inability to collect full or partial payments from customers due to deterioration in customer liquidity; 

- uncertainty as to what conditions must be satisfied before government authorities completely lift lockdown orders; and 

- the potential negative impact on the health of our employees, particularly if a significant number of them are afflicted by Covid, could result in a deterioration in our ability to ensure business continuity during this disruption. 

Further, we export our products to different geographies globally. The effects of COVID-19 in India and the geographies we operate in may last for different duration or have different magnitude in different countries which may make it difficult for us to normalise the operations. 

The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our business and results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, such as new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions taken globally to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. In addition, we cannot predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our customers, suppliers and other business partners, and each of their financial conditions; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact us. To the extent that the Covid pandemic adversely affects our business and operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. 

# **23.** **_We are entitled to certain tax benefits under the Special Economic Zones Act, 2005 (“SEZ Act”) and other fiscal statutes. These tax benefits are available for a definite period of time, which, on expiry or if withdrawn prematurely, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

We are entitled to claim certain direct tax exemptions or reimbursements on account of our manufacturing facility in Dahej, Gujarat being situated in SEZs. For instance, we are entitled to exemptions from (or refunds on account of) the following duties and levies: 

- duty on import/domestic procurement of goods for development, operation and maintenance of SEZ operations; and 

- payment of GST for goods brought from a DTA into the SEZ for its authorized operations. 

The details of the special tax benefits availed by the Company for the three months period ended June 30, 2021 and Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019 are set out below. 

|**Fiscal Year**|**Relevant**<br>**80IA**|**provisions of**<br>**Tax Act**<br>**10AA**|**the Income**<br>**80JJAA**|_(  _<br>**Total**|_in ₹ million, wh_<br>**Total**<br>**Income**|_ere applicable)_<br>**% of**<br>**Total**<br>**Income**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Fiscal 2019|48.49|152.36|1.03|201.88|6,430.13|3.14%|
|Fiscal 2020|48.86|222.30|0.85|272.01|6,955.42|3.91%|
|Fiscal 2021|-|-|0.85|0.85|8,566.84|0.01%|
|Three months period ended|-|-|-|-|1,793.86|N/A|
|June 30,2021|||||||



For further details, see “ **_Statement of Special Tax Benefits_** ” on page 103. Our profitability will be affected to the extent that such benefits are not available beyond the periods currently contemplated. Our 

37 

profitability may be further affected in the future if any benefit under the statute is reduced or withdrawn prematurely or if we are subject to any dispute with the tax authorities in relation to these benefits. 

Further, under the SEZ Act, we are required to maintain positive net foreign exchange earning that is to be calculated cumulatively for a period of five years from the commencement of our operations carried out from the SEZs. If we fail to maintain positive net foreign exchange earnings, we would be subject to penalties as prescribed under the Foreign Trade (Development and Regulation) Act, 1992, including penalties of up to five times the value of the goods in respect of which contravention is made. In the event that any adverse development in the law or the manner of its implementation affect our ability to benefit from these tax incentives, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 

**24.** **_Our Statutory Auditors have included certain emphasis of matters in the auditors’ reports on our special purpose interim consolidated financial statements for the three months period ended June 30, 2021 and our audited consolidated financial statements for the last three fiscal years and in the examination report on the Restated Consolidated Financial Information. Further, the auditors have included certain observations in their reporting under Companies (Auditors Report) Order, 2016 (“CARO”)_** 

The examination report on the Restated Consolidated Financial Information and Annexure VI- Statement of Adjustments to the Audited Special Purpose Interim Consolidated Financial Statements as at and for the three months period ended June 30, 2021 and Audited Consolidated Financial Statements as at and for the years ended March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 included therein and the auditors’ reports on our special purpose interim consolidated financial statements for the three months period ended June 30, 2021 and audited consolidated financial statements for FY 2019, FY 2020 and FY 2021, to the extent applicable, contain the following emphasis of matters on the following matters: 

- In the examination report on the Restated Consolidated Financial Information  and auditor’s report on special purpose interim consolidated financial statements as at and for the three months period ended June 30, 2021 and auditor’s report on consolidated financial statements for FY 2021, the Statutory Auditors have drawn attention to the accounting treatment of certain equity shares and compulsory convertible participatory preference shares ("CCPP") presented as equity share capital and preference share capital, respectively and the premium thereon presented under securities premium account in the Restated Consolidated Financial Information, in accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act, 2013. For details, see “- **_Our Statutory Auditors have included an emphasis of matter regarding the accounting treatment of certain equity shares and CCPP in the auditors’ reports on our special purpose interim consolidated financial statements for the three months period ended June 30, 2021 and the audited consolidated financial statements for Fiscal 2021 and in the examination report on the Restated Consolidated Financial Information_** .” above. 

- In the three months period ended June 30, 2021, the Statutory Auditors have drawn attention to non-settlement of foreign currency payables as at June 30, 2021 amounting to ₹5.84 million and ₹0.47 million outstanding beyond the time period permitted under the Master Direction on Import of Goods and Services vide FED Master Direction No. 17/ 2016-17 dated January 1, 2016 (as amended), issued by RBI, with respect to Merchanting Trade Transaction (MTT) and other import dues respectively. Our Company has submitted an application to AD Bank seeking RBI approval for extension of time for making payment for aforesaid foreign currency payables other than amount outstanding with respect to MTT, for which approval for making payment has been sought. This emphasis of matter has been reproduced in the examination report on Restated Consolidated Financial Information. 

- In FY 2020, the Statutory Auditors have drawn attention to the audit report on the consolidated financial statements of Tega Chile in relation to, i) deferred tax asset arising from accumulated tax losses, recovery of which will depend on the compliance with the respective business plan approved by the Board; ii) negative working capital. The Statutory Auditors have not modified their opinion in this regard. The quantum of such deferred tax as on March 31, 2020 was CLP 2273.885 million (equivalent to ₹215.15 million). This Emphasis of matter has been reproduced in the examination report on Restated Consolidated Financial Information. 

38 

- In FY 2019, the Statutory Auditors have drawn attention to the audit report on the consolidated financial statements of Tega Chile in relation to negative working capital and equity deficit, introducing a significant doubt on the ability of Tega Chile to continue as a going concern. The Statutory Auditors have not modified their opinion in this regard. This Emphasis of matter has been reproduced in the examination report on Restated Consolidated Financial Information. 

In relation to Tega Chile, the negative working capital reported as on March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 was due to its current liabilities exceeding its current assets on account of higher payables which included payables to certain of our Subsidiaries and also to our Company. As at March 31, 2021, Tega Chile reported a positive working capital of CLP 1,688.56 (equivalent to ₹168.75 million). 

Further, the auditor’s have issued a modified opinion on the report on special purpose interim consolidated financial statements as at and for the three months period ended June 30, 2021, modified with regard to non-furnishing of comparative figures, which are not being presented in the Restated Consolidated Financial Information as per the option of not presenting the comparative figures information availed by the Company as per the SEBI ICDR Regulation. The Restated Consolidated Financial Information did not require any adjustments for this matter. Our auditors have also included certain observations in their reporting under the Company (Auditor's Report) Order, 2016. For details, see “ **_Restated Consolidated Financial Information - Annexure VI to Restated Consolidated Financial Information_** ” on page 306. 

There is no assurance that our audit reports for any future fiscal periods will not contain qualifications, matters of emphasis or other observations which affect our results of operations in such future periods. For further details, see, “ **_Restated Consolidated Financial Information_** ” and “ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_** ” on pages 207 and 318, respectively. 

# **25.** **_Our contingent liabilities could adversely affect our financial condition if they materialise._** 

As per our Restated Consolidated Financial Information, as of June 30, 2021, our contingent liabilities, that have not been provided for are as set out in the table below: 

|_(in ₹_<br>|_million, except otherwise stated)_<br>|
|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**As of June 30, 2021**|
|Disputed Excise duty|14.75|
|Disputed Service Tax|3.08|
|Disputed Income Tax|64.54|
|Disputed sales tax|6.56|
|Pendingfinalisation of legal / arbitrationproceedings|4.05|
|The Company stands as surety in connection with General Bond executed by MM<br>Aqua Technologies Limited|1.50|



If any of these contingent liabilities materialises, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

26. **_One of our Promoters, Nihal Financial Services Private Limited will undergo a corporate restructuring resulting in, amongst others, a change in its equity shareholding in our Company. We cannot assure you that the relevant approvals in relation to such corporate restructuring will be obtained or estimate the time involved in its implementation._** 

Our corporate Promoter, NFSPL, has filed a scheme of amalgamation dated July 16, 2021 (“ **Scheme** ”) before the National Company Law Tribunal, Kolkata Bench at Kolkata (“ **NCLT** ”). Under the Scheme, NFSPL proposes to undergo a corporate restructuring wherein, i) Marudhar Food and Credit Limited (“ **Marudhar** ”), presently our Promoter Group entity, will be amalgamated in to NFSPL, on a going concern basis; and ii) MM Aqua Technologies Limited and Maple Orgtech (India) Limited, each a subsidiary of NFSPL and presently our Promoter Group entities, will be transferred and de-merged from NFSPL to M.M. Group Holdings Private Limited, on a going concern basis. 

On approval of the Scheme in accordance with applicable law, Marudhar, our Promoter Group entity, will merge in to NFSPL, our corporate Promoters, on account of which the shareholding of NFSPL in our Company will rise to the extent of the present shareholding of Marudhar in our Company. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, Marudhar holds 1.96% of our shareholding while NFSPL holds 

39 

55.14% of our shareholding and post the approval of the Scheme, the resultant shareholding of NFSPL will aggregate 57.10% of our issued, subscribed and paid-up share capital. For details, see, “ **_Summary of the Offer Document- Aggregate pre-Offer Shareholding of Promoters, Promoter Group and Selling Shareholders_** ” on page 18. However, shareholding of our Promoter and Promoter Group, will remain unchanged, as they will collectively continue to hold an equal number of Equity Shares in aggregate. Pursuant to an application filed by NFSPL, Marudhar and M.M. Group Holdings Private Limited, the NCLT passed a corrigendum order dated September 21, 2021 dispensing the requirement of holding meetings of the shareholders of NFSPL and M.M. Group Holdings Private Limited and meetings of the unsecured creditors and secured creditors of NFSPL, Marudhar and M.M. Group Holdings Private Limited. Further, the meeting of the shareholders of Marudhar has been scheduled to be held on December 15, 2021 subject to completion of the conditions prescribed in the said order. We cannot estimate the time involved in obtaining the approval of the Scheme from the NCLT and in consequently transferring the Equity Shares in accordance with the Scheme and accordingly we cannot assure you that such transfer will be completed prior to the proposed listing of our Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Further, we cannot assure that the Scheme will be approved within a reasonable time, or at all and the Company does not have any control over the order to be passed by the NCLT in this regard. 

# **27.** **_Our efforts in obtaining and protecting our patents may be costly and unsuccessful, which may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

Patents over our developed products provide exclusivity in the market in which we operate, which is important for the successful marketing and sale of our products. We have sought, and continue to seek patents covering a variety of our products in India and globally. As on June 30, 2021, we have been granted 8 patents in India and overseas including USA, South Africa and Brazil in relation to our inventions. 

The details of our patents registered in India and overseas as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus are set out below. 

|**Particulars**|**Patent registration**<br>**number **|**Entity**|**Country of**<br>**registration **|**Validity**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Improved screenpanel|352307|Company|India|May20,2030|
|Mosaic liner for chute/|356469|Company|India|July 25, 2033|
|Hopper lining|||||
|Improved screen panel<br>and fixing<br>arrangements therefor|231453|Company|India|March 27, 2022|
|Improved screenpanel|9149841|Company|United States|May20,2030|
|Improved screenpanel|BR 112012029345-1|Company|Brazil|March 20,2031|
|Improved screenpanel|2012/08604|Company|South Africa|November 14,2032|
|Ceramic chute liner|2015/07279|Company|South Africa|July22,2033|
|Mosaic liner for chute/<br>Hopper lining|2016/00190|Company|South Africa|September 8, 2033|



Further, we have submitted 4 applications for registration of certain of our inventions in India, which are pending before the Office of the Controller General of Patents, Designs and Trade Marks. Third parties may challenge, seek to invalidate or circumvent our patents and/or patent applications. Our applications may be opposed, or our competitors may have filed similar patent applications or hold patents relating to products or processes that compete with those that we are developing or are seeking to protect. We cannot assure you that we will be granted the patents that we apply for, in a timely manner, or at all. 

Although we may defend our patent rights, there can be no assurance that our defence will be successful. We have initiated certain proceedings, which are currently pending, alleging infringement of our patents by the respective parties who are manufacturing, using and supplying a product which was identical to the patented invention of our Company and we cannot assure you that these proceedings will be determined in our favour. For instance, we have initiated infringement proceedings against certain third parties, requesting the relevant judicial forums to provide us relief against infringement of our patents pertaining to screen panel and fixing. Such existing patent litigation and any other challenges to our Company’s patents in the future may be costly and unpredictable. For details, see “ **_Outstanding Litigation and other Material Developments - Outstanding material civil proceedings involving our Company_** _”_ on page 355. If one or more of our important patented products lose patent protection in profitable markets due to any reason including expiry of their term of registration, sales of those products 

40 

may decline if alternative products become available, and this may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

# **28.** **_We are subject to risks associated with expansion into new geographic markets globally. Any inability to expand into new geographic markets may adversely affect our growth and future prospects._** 

Any geographic expansion subjects us to various challenges, including those relating to our lack of familiarity with consumer preferences, regulations and economic conditions of new markets. Language barriers, cultural differences, difficulties in staffing and managing such operations, coupled with a possible lack of brand recognition locally may also affect our ability to expand into newer geographic markets. The major markets where we are currently expanding our operations include North America, South America, Australia and South Africa. 

Further, depending on the product we market in such new territories, we may also face significant competition from other players who may already be established in such markets and may have a significant market share, or from a well-established player. We may not be able to compete effectively with such players if we are unable to offer competitive products at better price points which appeal to consumers in such markets. Some of our competitors in such geographies may also have certain competitive advantages, including access to local knowledge and resources, which may restrict our ability to increase our market share. By expanding into new geographical markets, we may be exposed to significant liability, including due to increased compliance costs on account of local laws and regulations, and may not receive the intended return on our investments. Any inability to enter into new geographic markets profitably, or at all, could adversely affect our growth, future prospects, financial condition and results of operation. 

# **29.** **_We do not have long-term agreements with a majority of our customers. Any changes or cancellations to our orders or our inability to forecast demand for our products may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We do not have firm commitments or long-term supply agreements with a majority of our customers and instead rely on purchase orders. Many of the purchase orders we receive from our customers specify a price per unit and delivery schedule, and the quantities to be delivered are determined closer to the date of delivery. However, such orders may be amended or cancelled prior to finalisation, and should such an amendment or cancellation take place, it may adversely impact our production schedules. As of June 30, 2021, our order book for our products was ₹3,161.36 million. Our order book typically represents business that is considered by us to be ‘firm’, although cancellations or unanticipated variations or scope or schedule adjustments may occur due to unforeseen circumstances. The occurrence of any such events may lead to in the cancellation of orders or the deferment of revenue, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Additionally, as we do not bind a majority of our customers to any long-term agreements specifying a certain volume of business required to be transacted between us, our customers may terminate their relationship with us, with or without cause, with little or no advance notice and without compensation. Consequently, there is no commitment on the part of the customer to continue to place new purchase orders with us and as a result, our sales from period to period may fluctuate significantly. 

Further, absence of any contractual exclusivity in relation to our business arrangements with our customers poses a threat on our ability to be able to continue to supply our products to these customers in the future. If we overestimate demand, we may incur additional raw materials costs and manufacture a higher of number of products than required. Similarly, if we underestimate demand, we may not procure sufficient raw material in a timely manner, which could impact our production and delivery schedules. Any significant inaccuracy in demand forecasting may adversely impact our ability to deliver products to customers in a timely manner, or at a competitive cost, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **30.** **_We are subject to strict quality requirements and any failure by us to comply with quality standards or product defect may lead to the cancellation of existing and future orders, reputational risks and liability claims._** 

We face an inherent business risk of exposure to product defects and failure to comply with the high quality standards of our customers. While we test for quality at our quality labs at each manufacturing 

41 

facility, we cannot assure you that all products would meet our quality standards or the high quality standards imposed by our customers. Additionally, because of the longer useful life of some our products, it is possible that latent defects might not appear for several years. Further, any stoppage of work for a mining company results in a significant loss of revenue for such company even in short periods of stoppages. Accordingly, we may be required to immediately replace products which do not meet the required quality standards at no cost to our customers or we may lose our customers to our competitors. 

We also face potential liability claims in the event that the use of any of our products results in personal injury or property damage due to equipment failure, work accidents, fire or explosion, if our products are defective. In the event that any of our products are defective, we may be, amongst others, responsible for damages relating to any defective products, required to replace, recall or redesign such products, or incur significant costs to defend any such claims, each of which may have an adverse effect on our reputation, future orders, business and results of operations. 

During Fiscals 2015 to 2017, our customers experienced defects in certain products manufactured at our manufacturing facility in Dahej, Gujarat. During this period, the defective products constituted 2.07%, 1.70% and 0.86% of our total products manufactured at the manufacturing unit in Dahej, Gujarat for Fiscals 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively. In response, we firstly replaced the defective products free of cost to address the issues that were being faced by our customers. Secondly, in order to prevent any such product quality related issues in the future, we focussed on improving the manufacturing processes at our manufacturing facility in Dahej, Gujarat by, amongst others, implementing additional control procedures and quality standards, increasing the monitoring and audit process and conducting routine training session for employees. We incurred significant replacement costs as well as costs for implementing the preventive measures undertaken by us, suffered loss of customer confidence and few customers, which adversely affected our order book and revenues. We incurred an expenditure of ₹86.45 million and ₹20.04 million in FY 2016 and FY 2017 respectively, in replacing the defective products. We cannot assure you that such product quality related issues will not occur in the future and we can continue to comply with the quality requirement standards of our customers and result in a liability claims against us. 

While we maintain insurance coverage, including a product liability insurance covering product recall expenses, product guarantee and financial losses, in keeping with what we believe to be the industry standard, we cannot assure you that we are sufficiently insured against punitive damage awards. In the event that any significant product liability, performance improvement or replacement claims are brought against us, which are not entirely covered by insurance, it may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Further, despite insurance coverage, in the event of any future accident or liability involving our products, our customers may delay or withhold payments to us and/or seek to enforce liability claims against us, and which in turn may, to that extent, diminish our reputation, making it difficult for us to operate our business and compete effectively, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**31.** **_We have undertaken a joint venture and strategic acquisitions in the past and seek to continue our inorganic growth strategy in the future. Any such joint ventures, strategic acquisitions or investments may be difficult to integrate and manage and may expose us to uncertainties and risks, any of which could adversely affect our prospects, business, financial conditions and result of operations._** 

We may continue to undertake joint ventures and strategic acquisitions as well as undertake strategic investments, alliances, partnerships or initiatives, both in India and overseas, to expand our operations, such as through our acquisitions of Beruc Equipment (now Tega Industries Africa Pty Ltd), South Africa in 2006 and Acotec S.A (now Tega Industries Chile SpA), Chile in 2011 and Losugen Pty Ltd, Australia in in 2010. For details, see “ **_History and Other Corporate Matters - Details regarding material acquisitions or divestments of business/undertakings, mergers, amalgamation, revaluation of assets, etc. in the last 10 years_ ”** on page 172. 

These arrangements may require us to incur or assume new debt, expose us to future funding obligations or integration risks and we cannot assure you that such acquisitions, joint ventures or other such arrangements will contribute to our profitability. There are no guarantees that we will be able to successfully integrate any companies or assets we acquire, or that we will realize the strategic and/or operational benefits that we expect. Moreover, we may expend significant management attention trying to do so, but may not see the desired results. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to consummate our expansions, acquisitions or alliances in the future on terms acceptable to us, or at all. 

42 

We have in the past relied on inorganic growth as a part of our growth strategy. We may seek to identify and complete acquisitions and investments that meet our strategic and financial return criteria. However, there can be no assurance that going forward, we will be able to identify suitable acquisition or investment targets and if such targets are identified, we may face several risks, including the following: 

- difficulties in arranging adequate financing (whether debt or equity or a combination thereof) on commercially reasonable terms, to complete our planned investments or acquisitions in the budgeted time; 

- difficulties or delays in obtaining lender consents required under our financing agreements, prior to undertaking any planned investments or acquisitions; 

- potential assumption of unanticipated liabilities and contingencies of the target entity, including claims from current or former creditors, customers, suppliers, employees and other third parties; 

- potential adverse short-term effects on operating results through increased costs or otherwise; 

- difficulties or expenses related to retaining key employees and customers critical for the target entity; and 

- unforeseen difficulties in extending disclosure and other internal controls and procedures over financial and other reporting and in performing the required assessment and remediation at the newly acquired business. 

Further, in the future if such arrangements are severed or disrupted, it would impair our investments and impact our business, our failure to derive anticipated synergies from such arrangements or integrate acquisitions into our existing business and operations or identify suitable targets and successfully acquire or invest in them may adversely affect our prospects, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **32.** **_Our Joint Venture may not perform its obligations satisfactorily and its interests may differ from ours, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

We currently have a joint venture in India with Hosch (G.B.) Limited, England, which is engaged in precision conveyer belt cleaning and caters to various industries and we may continue to pursue strategic alliances in the future. For details, see “ **_Our Business_** ” and “ **_History and Certain Corporate MattersJoint Venture_** ” on pages 141 and 179, respectively. The share of restated net profit of Joint Venture accounted for using the equity method included in our restated profit before tax is 0.34%, 0.31%, 0.26% and 0.28% of our total income in the three months period ended June 30, 2021 and Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

The success of our business collaborations depends significantly on the satisfactory performance by our joint venture partner and fulfilment of its obligations. If our joint venture partners fail to perform these obligations satisfactorily, the Joint Venture may be unable to perform adequately or deliver its contracted products. In such a circumstance, we may be required to make additional investments or become liable for our partner’s obligations to ensure the adequate performance and delivery of the contracted products, as we are subject to joint and several liabilities as a member of the Joint Venture. Such additional obligations could result in reduced profits or, in some cases, significant losses for us.  If the interests of our joint venture partner conflict with our interests or it is otherwise unwilling to fulfil its’ obligations under our contractual arrangement, our Joint Venture may act in a manner that is contrary to our interests. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and reputation. 

# **33.** **_We may not be successful in managing our growth or implementing our strategies, such as increasing our market penetration and share of customer wallets or growing our product and service offerings, which may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and future prospects._** 

The success of our business depends greatly on our ability to effectively manage our business and implement our strategies. For details, see “ **_Our Business_** ” beginning on page 141. Even if we have successfully executed our business strategies in the past, there can be no assurance that we will be able to execute our strategies on time and within the estimated budget, or that we will achieve an adequate 

43 

return on our investment or maintain current or prospective growth rates. Even if we are able to implement some or all of the initiatives of our business strategy successfully, our operating results may not improve to the extent we anticipate, or at all. 

Any significant  failure to accurately assess new and existing markets, attract new customers and grow our existing customers’ wallet share, innovate existing products and develop new products, obtain sufficient financing for our expected capital expenditures, control our input costs, effectively expand, train and manage our employees, maintain sufficient operational and financial controls or make additional capital investments to take advantage of anticipated market conditions, may result in our inability to achieve growth in revenues and profits or maintain such rate of growth in the future. Further, if we fail to make a proper assessment of the operational risks, credit risks and execution risks associated with our operations, we may not be able to effectively implement our growth strategies in a profitable manner, or at all. 

Moreover, if we experience extended periods of very rapid growth, we may not be able to manage our growth effectively with available resources. As we scale up and diversify our operations, we may additionally not be able to execute our operations efficiently, which may result in delays, increased costs and lower quality products. If we are unable to execute our strategies effectively, and in a timely and successful manner, our business, financial condition and profitability will be adversely affected. 

# **34.** **_Certain of our Subsidiaries have incurred losses in the past and may incur losses in the future which may have an adverse effect on our reputation, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Certain of our Subsidiaries have incurred losses in the preceding three Fiscals. The following table sets forth information on the Subsidiaries that have incurred losses as per the restated financial information of the respective subsidiaries, converted in INR, in the three months period ended June 30, 2021 and preceding three Fiscals: 

|**Particulars**|**For three**<br>**endedJ**|**month**<br>**une 30,**|**s period**<br>**2021**|**For year**|**ended Ma**<br>**2021**|**rch 31,**|**For year e**|**nded M**<br>**2020**|**arch 31,**|**For year**|_(in_<br>**ended M**<br>**2019**|_₹ million)_<br>**arch 31,**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operatio**<br>**n**|**Profit**<br>**/**<br>**(Loss)**|**% of**<br>**Total**<br>**Revenu**<br>**e**|**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operatio**<br>**n**|**Profit/**<br>**(Loss)**|**% of**<br>**Total**<br>**Revenu**<br>**e**|**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operation**|**Profit/**<br>**(Loss)**|**% of**<br>**Total**<br>**Revenu**<br>**e**|**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operatio**<br>**n**|**Profit/**<br>**(Loss)**|**% of**<br>**Total**<br>**Revenu**<br>**e**|
|Tega<br>Industries<br>Australia Pty<br>Ltd|113.15|7.29|6.44|439.64|<br>0.26|<br>0.06|393.21|(50.69<br>)|(12.89)|<br>514.30|(12.33 )|<br>(2.40)|
|Tega Do<br>Brasil<br>Servicos<br>Technicos<br>Ltda|-|4.08|N/A|5.37|<br>0.23|<br>4.28|1.57|(5.28 )|(336.31)|<br>10.37|<br>1.16|<br>11.19|
|Tega<br>Investment<br>Ltd|-|(2.15)|N/A|0.00|<br>73.39|<br>N/A|0.00|(4.47 )|N/A|<br>0.00|(8.17 )|<br>N/A|
|Tega Holding<br>PtyLtd|-|(5.80)|N/A|0.00|(22.77<br>)|N/A|0.00|<br>9.18|<br>N/A|<br>0.00|<br>37.04|<br>N/A|
|Tega<br>Industries Inc|80.76|0.40|0.50|529.62|<br>55.56|<br>10.49|318.52|<br>3.87|<br>1.21|<br>328.79|(1.82 )|(0.55)|
|Tega<br>Industries|219.06|25.79|11.77|513.08|<br>30.39|<br>5.92|504.45|11.33|<br>2.25|<br>248.65|(48.17 )|(19.37)|
|Canada Inc|||||||||||||
|Tega<br>Investment<br>SA PtyLtd|-|0.75|N/A|0.00|(0.11 )|N/A|0.00|<br>0.03|<br>N/A|<br>0.00|(0.19 )|<br>N/A|
|Tega<br>Industries<br>Africa Pty<br>Ltd|166.42|0.29|0.17|1,003.35|125.17|<br>12.48|717.08|<br>6.41|<br>0.89|<br>763.34|(2.65 )|<br>(0.35)|
|Tega<br>Holdings Pte<br>Ltd|119.73|(95.82|(80.03)|508.82|1,670.2<br>0|<br>328.25|1,162.64|129.48|<br>11.14|1,072.12|(54.45 )|<br>(5.08)|
|Tega<br>Industries<br>Chile SpA<sup>*</sup>|294.43|(30.19<br>)|(10.25)|1,827.37|227.01|<br>12.42|1,401.26|148.80|<br>10.62|1,018.54|(314.60<br>)|<br> <br>(30.89)|



_^ Includes consolidated financial information related to Tega Industries Chile SpA and its subsidiaries, i.e., Edoctum S.A. and Edoctum Peru S.A._ 

44 

There can be no assurance that our Subsidiaries will not incur losses in the future which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **35.** **_Our business is capital intensive. We may not be able to obtain sufficient capital on terms favourable to us, or at all, which may hamper our business and our growth._** 

Our business is capital intensive as we have acquired, expanded and upgraded our manufacturing facilities. For the three months period ended June 30, 2021 and Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, the additions to our property, plant and equipment were ₹64.86 million, ₹243.29 million, ₹237.91 million and ₹244.30 million, respectively, which represented 3.74%, 3.02%, 3.47% and 3.85% of our revenue from operations for the respective periods. Also, provide working capital requirement and our loan base for the same and mention about the rate of interest The actual amount and timing of our future capital requirements may differ from estimates as a result of, among other factors, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, economic conditions, engineering design changes, weather related delays, technological changes and additional market developments and new opportunities in the global mineral beneficiation, mining and bulk solids handling industry. 

Our sources of additional capital, where required to meet our capital expenditure plans, may include the incurrence of debt or the issue of equity or debt securities or a combination of both. Further, our budgeted resources may prove insufficient to meet our requirements, draining our internal accruals or requiring us to raise additional capital. If we are required to raise additional funds through the incurrence of debt, our interest and debt repayment obligations will increase, and could have a significant effect on our profitability and cash flows and we may be subject to additional covenants, which could limit our ability to access cash flows from operations. If we are unable to successfully utilise the facilities for which we have raised additional funds, it will have adverse effect on our business. Any issuance of equity, on the other hand, would result in a dilution of your shareholding. 

In many cases, a significant amount of our working capital is required to finance the purchase of materials and the performance of manufacturing our products and other work before payment is received from customers. Our working capital requirements may increase if the payment terms in our agreements include reduced advance payments or longer payment schedules. These factors may result, or have resulted, in increases in the amount of, our receivables, short-term borrowings and the cost of availing such working capital funding. Further, if a significant customer defaults on or delays payment on any order to which we have invested significant resources, it may affect our profitability and liquidity and decrease capital resources available to us for other uses, including our obligations under the working capital facilities granted to us by our lenders as well as our ability to fund payables to our suppliers, which may further result in reduced availability of raw materials and/or increased raw material costs. If we are unable to obtain adequate amount of working capital at such terms which are favourable to us and in a timely manner or at all may also have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 

# **36.** **_Any failure to compete effectively in the mineral beneficiation and mining industry could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Any failure to compete effectively in the mill liners industry could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We face competition in India and overseas in our business, which is based on many factors, including product quality and reliability, breadth of product range, product design and innovation, technology, manufacturing capabilities, scope and quality of service, price, product portfolio, business model and brand recognition. We compete with global competitors to retain our existing business as well as to acquire new business. For details, see ‘ **_Industry Overview- Global Mill Liner Industry_** ” on page 123. Some of our competitors may have certain advantages, including greater financial, technical and/ or marketing resources, which could enhance their ability to finance acquisitions, fund international growth, respond more quickly to technological changes and/ or operate in more diversified geographies and product portfolios. Further, the industry in which we operate presents significant entry barriers, including customer validation and approvals, expectation from customers for product innovation, high quality standards and stringent specifications. As a result, any change in the manufacturer by a customer may require customers to expend significant time and resources, resulting in the acquisition of customers becoming a long process Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

In addition, we face increasing competition across our product portfolio. Some of our competitors may 

45 

be able to produce similar or equivalent products at lower costs than we can produce them. Further, manufacturers that do not currently compete with us could expand their product portfolios to include products that would compete directly with ours. Accordingly, we may not be able to compete effectively with our competitors, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **37.** **_Climate change and climate change related laws and regulations concerning the mining industry may adversely impact our operations and markets._** 

Mining activities are energy-intensive, with power and fuel being significant inputs in the operations of our customers and there is growing recognition that energy consumption is a contributor to global warming, greenhouse effects and climate change. The Government of India and a number of governmental bodies (domestic and international) have introduced or are contemplating regulatory change in response to the potential impact of climate change. There is also current and emerging regulation, energy targets and initiatives relating to solar power and wind power that can affect energy prices. Such regulatory mechanisms may be either voluntary or legislated and may impact our operations directly or indirectly through customers. In the event that such regulations are enacted and are more aggressive than the sustainability measures that are currently being undertaken, our customers may experience significant increases in their costs of operations and in turn reduce their cash flow and/or revenue. Assessments of the potential impact of future climate change regulation are uncertain, given the wide scope of potential regulatory change in India and overseas. The potential physical impact of climate change on our operations and those of our customers are highly uncertain, and will be particular to the geographic circumstances. These effects may adversely impact the cost, production and financial performance of our operations. 

Further, many of our products use raw materials which creates health, ecological and environmental risks through its lifecycle of production, use and disposal. Major technological and capital investments may be needed to keep up with requirements of managing such risks. Legislations may be imposed which require stringent waste and product management requirements which we may not be able to comply with across all our production and usage sites. We, our vendors and customers may be adversely impacted by penalties and fees mandated by various governments and inter-governmental bodies, thus affecting our operations, business and cash flows. 

# **38.** **_We depend on our key management team, as well as our mid-to-senior management personnel and our success also depends on certain of our individual Promoters. If we are unable to attract or retain such persons, our operations may be adversely affected._** 

Our business and the implementation of our strategy is dependent upon our key executives, including our KMPs, who oversee our day-to-day operations, strategy and growth of our business. If one or more members of our key management team are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, such persons would be difficult to replace in a timely and cost-effective manner. We may need to increase compensation and other benefits in order to attract and retain personnel in the future and that may affect our costs and profitability. 

In addition, our success in expanding our business will also depend, in part, on our ability to attract, retain and motivate mid-to-senior management personnel. We may need to increase compensation and other benefits in order to attract and retain personnel in the future and that may affect our costs and profitability. These risks could be heightened to the extent we invest in businesses or geographical regions in which we have limited experience. If we are not able to address these risks, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

We are also highly dependent on our Promoters to manage our current operations and to meet future business challenges. In particular, we rely on the experience and industry relationships of certain of our individual Promoters. For details, see “ **_Our Business_** ” and “ **_Our Promoter and Promoter Group_** ” on pages 141 and 199, respectively.  In particular, the active involvement of our Promoters in our operations, including through strategy, direction and customer relationships have been integral to our development and business. Should the involvement of such individual Promoters in our business reduce, or should our relationship with any of them deteriorate for any reason in the future, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 

46 

# **39.** **_Information relating to the installed capacity, actual production and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity may vary._** 

Information relating to the installed capacity, actual production and capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates of our management that have been taken into account in the calculation of our installed capacity, actual production and capacity utilization. Actual production levels and future capacity utilization rates may vary significantly from the estimated production capacities of our manufacturing facilities and historical capacity utilization rates. In addition, capacity utilization is calculated differently in different countries, industries and for the different kinds of products we manufacture. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on our historical installed capacity, actual production and capacity utilization for our existing manufacturing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus. See “ **_Business – Manufacturing Facilities_** ” on page 157. 

# **40.** **_Our present engineering capabilities and sustained growth depends on our ability to attract and retain persons with technical training and expertise, and any failure to attract and retain such persons may adversely affect our product quality, business and financial condition._** 

Our ability to provide high quality complex products, customized designs and better service standards to our customers depends, in part, on our ability to retain and attract persons with technical expertise. Our global workforce comprised of 1,698 employees (905 permanent and 793 contractual), 1,704 employees (906 permanent and 798 contractual), 1,693 employees (885 permanent and 808 contractual) and 1,619 employees (885 permanent and 734 contractual) as of June 30, 2021, March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019, respectively. Competition for such personnel is intense and the cost of retaining or replacing such personnel may affect our profitability. In addition, our strategies for growth have placed, and are expected to continue to place, increased demands on our management’s and employees’ skills and resources. 

Our future performance would depend on the continued service of such persons with technical expertise and the loss of any skilled personnel and the inability to find an adequate replacement may impair our relationship with key customers which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

# **41.** **_Failure to obtain or renew necessary regulatory approvals, licenses, permits in a timely manner, or at all, may adversely affect our business and financial condition._** 

Our operations are subject to extensive government regulation and we are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules in the geographies in which we operate, generally for carrying out our business and for our manufacturing facilities. For details of material approvals relating to our business and operations, see “ **_Government and Other Approvals_** ” on page 359. 

A majority of these approvals are granted for a limited duration and require timely renewal. Some of these approvals have expired and we have either made or are in the process of making an application for obtaining the approval for its renewal. Further, while we have applied for some of these approvals, we cannot assure you that such approvals will be issued or granted to us in a timely manner, or at all. If we do not receive such approvals or are not able to renew the approvals in a timely manner, our business and operations may be adversely affected. We are also required to make payments pursuant to statutory requirements. There can be no assurance that delays will not occur in making such payments in the future and that the relevant authority will not initiate actions against us for such delays. 

The approvals required by us are subject to numerous conditions and we cannot assure you that these would not be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business. In addition, these registrations, approvals or licenses are liable to be cancelled or the manufacture or sale of products may be restricted. In case any of these registrations, approvals or licenses are cancelled, or its use is restricted, then it could adversely affect our results of operations or growth prospects. 

47 

**42.** **_There has been an instance in the past where there were certain discrepancies in relation to certain statutory filings and corporate records of our Company and we cannot assure you that such inadvertent discrepancies will not occur in the future._** 

There has been a discrepancy in relation to the statutory filing and records required to be made with the RoC with respect to the appointment of one of our erstwhile Directors, Dhiraj Poddar. Dhiraj Poddar was appointed as a nominee director of Wagner Limited on our Board on May 11, 2011, in accordance with the Shareholders Agreement. However, the Form 32 filed in relation to his appointment inadvertently categorised him as a ‘Non-executive- Independent Director’. Pursuant to our Shareholders’ resolutions dated August 7, 2021 to clarify his position as a nominee director on our Board and our Company has filed a Form MGT-14 to rectify the records maintained by the Registrar of Companies. While our Company intends to rectify the Form-32/DIR-12 filing in this regard, we are currently coordinating with the office of the Registrar of Companies to initiate the process in this regard and cannot assure you that a rectified Form-32/DIR-12 will be filed in a timely manner, or whether the RoC may direct any other penalty or censure in this matter. 

Further, our Director, Syed Yaver Imam, who was designated as an Executive Director for the period from July 19, 2005 to May 31, 2019 and is currently an Executive Director on our Board, has in the past been designated as a Non-executive director on our Board from June 1, 2019 to March 31, 2021. Our Board has redesignated him as an Executive Director with effect from April 1, 2021, in accordance with applicable law. Our Company has filed a Form DIR-12 for his change in designation. 

# **43.** **_We are subject to various laws and regulations in jurisdictions where we operate, including environmental and health and safety laws and regulations, which may subject us to increased compliance costs, which may in turn result in an adverse effect on our financial condition._** 

In accordance with the locations of our manufacturing facilities, we are required to comply with Indian central, state and local laws, as well as the laws of the foreign jurisdictions where our manufacturing facilities are located specifically relating to the protection of the environment and occupational health and safety, including those governing the generation, handling and disposal of, or exposure to, environmental pollutants, discharge of waste or hazardous materials and controlling the emissions resulting from our manufacturing processes. For details of the regulations applicable to our manufacturing facilities in India, see “ **_Key Regulations and Policies in India_** ” beginning on page 167. 

If we fail to comply with such laws and regulations, we could be subject to significant fines, penalties, costs, liabilities or restrictions on operations. Environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations, and the interpretation and enforcement thereof, are subject to change and have become stricter over time, in India and internationally. We are also subject to laws requiring the clean-up of contaminated property. Under such laws, we could be held liable for costs and damages relating to contamination at our facilities and at third party sites to which these facilities send waste material. 

While we are not aware of any outstanding material claims or obligations, we may incur substantial costs, including clean up or remediation costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions, and third-party property damage or personal injury claims, as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental or health and safety laws or non-compliance with approvals obtained by us in relation to our manufacturing facilities, any of which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Previously, the Gujarat Pollution Control Board had raised concerns regarding the discharge of effluents from our manufacturing facility located at Dahej, Gujarat and consequently suspended the power supply to our facility. While these concerns were later resolved in our favour, to minimize future risk and disruptions of our operations, we commissioned an effluent treatment plant, incurring additional costs. 

In addition, our customers are mining companies, whose operations are geographically diverse and subject to or affected by stringent regulations in the jurisdictions where they operate, such as applicable environmental and health and safety laws and regulations. As a result of changes in regulations and laws relating to their activities, our customers’ operations may be disrupted or curtailed. The cost of compliance with such laws and regulations may also induce certain customers to limit certain operations or discourage them from developing new opportunities. As a result of these factors, demand for our products may be negatively affected by regulations adversely impacting the industries and geographies in which our key customers operate. 

48 

# **44.** **_We may become subject to more stringent labour laws or other industry standards, which may increase our compliance costs and adversely affect our profitability, business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are subject to a number of stringent labour laws, both in India and the foreign jurisdictions where our manufacturing facilities or operations are located. India has stringent labour legislation that protects the interests of workers, including legislation that sets forth detailed procedures for dispute resolution and employee removal, establishment of unions and legislation that imposes financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment and periodic revisions to minimum wage. For details of the labour laws applicable to our Company in India, see ‘ **_Key Regulations and Policies_** ’ on page 167 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Several labour laws in relation to establishment of unions, pension provisions, employment benefits, termination of employment are applicable, particularly to our operations in Chile, Australia and South Africa where our manufacturing facilities are located and we are required to comply with these legislations, obtain relevant approvals/ registrations and make periodical filings before the relevant authorities in these jurisdictions. If we or our Subsidiaries, as applicable, are unable to comply with such labour laws or maintain necessary approvals required for our continued operations, this may have consequences, such as operations that may be limited or suspended to that extent, which may have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations **_._** Recently, the Government of India enacted the Code on Wages, 2019, the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020 and the Industrial Relations Code, 2020, all of which will be brought into force on a date to be notified by the Central Government. For details, see “ **_Key Regulations and Policies in India_** ” beginning on page 167. These codes propose to subsume several existing laws and regulations in India and we cannot assure you that these codes will not impose more stringent or additional compliance requirements on us, which may increase our compliance costs and adversely affect our profitability. Further, we may be subject to changing judicial interpretation of the relevant statutes, which may adversely affect our cash flows and profitability. For instance, the Supreme Court of India in a recent judgment has upheld the circular dated March 20, 2019 issued by the Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation, which excludes certain allowances from the definition of ‘basic wages’ of the relevant employees for the purposes of determining contribution to provident fund under the EPF Act and while we typically assess the impact of such developments on our operations and expenses, we cannot assure that we will not be adversely affected by such developments in the future. For details, see ‘ **_Restated Consolidated Financial Information_** ’ on page 207. 

We are also subject to international, federal, state and local laws and regulations, in all jurisdictions where we have operations, governing our relationships with our employees, including those relating to minimum wage, overtime, working conditions, hiring and firing, non-discrimination, work permits and employee benefits. If labour laws become more stringent or are more strictly enforced, it may become difficult for us to maintain flexible human resource policies, discharge employees or downsize, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **45.** **_We may not meet our obligations, including financial and other covenants under our debt financing arrangements, which could adversely affect our cash flows, business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

As on September 30, 2021, our total secured borrowings from banks amounted to ₹1,739.41 million (secured borrowings are not inclusive of non-fund based working capital facilities), comprising 97.57% of our total debt. Our unsecured borrowings from banks amounted to amounted to ₹43.35 million, comprising 2.43% of our total debt, as on September 30, 2021. Our debt equity ratio was 0.29, 0.31, 0.53 and 0.53 as of June 30, 2021, March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019, respectively. For details, see “ **_Financial Indebtedness_** ” and “ **_Restated Consolidated Financial Information_** _–_ **_Annexure V - Note 41_** ” on pages 314 and 262, respectively. Certain of our borrowing are foreign currency denominated, mainly in USD. For risks in this regard, see “- **_Depreciation of the Indian Rupee and exchange rate fluctuations in currencies in which we do business or have outstanding borrowings may materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.”_** above. 

Our leverage has several important consequences, including the following: 

- A portion of our cash flow from operations will be used towards repayment of debt, which will reduce the availability of cash to fund working capital requirements, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes. 

49 

- As on September 30, 2021, we had total long term secured borrowings of ₹945.87 million. These borrowings are secured, _inter alia_ , through a charge by way of hypothecation on our present and future current assets and fixed assets as well as through mortgage on our land and building in favour of the lenders. For instance, as on March 31, 2021, all our assets in India are hypothecated or mortgaged, in favour of our lenders or security trustee, as applicable. Vehicle loans is secured by hypothecation of vehicle purchased. This may constrain our ability to raise incremental financing in the future, at commercially reasonable terms. While there have not been any instances in the past of enforcement of security interests owing to an event of default in relation to any properties mortgaged by us in favour of our lenders under any of our financing agreements, which have restricted our ability to operate our business at such locations, in the event of enforcement of an event of default in connection with such secured borrowings (which is not waived or cured) in the future, our ability to continue to operate our business at such locations may be restricted. 

- Fluctuations in interest rates may affect our cost of borrowing, as all or a substantial part of our borrowings is at floating rates of interest. For details, see “- **_We are subject to risks arising from interest rate fluctuations, which could adversely affect our results of operations planned expenditures and cash flows_** .” below. 

In particular, our financing agreements require us to maintain certain financial ratios including debtequity ratio, and to obtain the consent of, or to intimate, our lenders for certain actions including: 

- effecting any change in the ownership or control of our Company; 

- effecting any change in the capital structure of our Company or any amendments to our Memorandum of Association or Articles of Association; 

- effecting changes in the shareholding pattern of the Company, including shareholding of the promoters; 

- entering into any schemes of mergers, amalgamations, compromise or reconstruction, acquisition; 

- expansion of our business by way of capex expenditure, acquisition, investment or and other arrangements; 

- undertaking any guarantee obligation on behalf of any other person; 

- declaring and paying dividend in the event our Company defaults or delays in debt repayment of any of the lenders or upon the occurrence of any event of default; 

- utilization of funds for any other purpose other than for which approval has been granted or agreed to be granted; 

- approaching capital market for mobilizing additional resources either in the form of debt or equity; 

- changing the general nature of the business of our Company; and 

- effecting any change in management structure or composition of our Company. 

Our Company has applied to its lenders and received all consents in relation to the Offer. Our failure to comply with financial or restrictive covenants or periodic reporting requirements or to obtain our lenders’ consent to take restricted actions in a timely manner or at all may result in the declaration of an event of default by one or more of our lenders, which may accelerate repayment of the relevant loans or increase applicable interest rates or cause the termination of our credit facilities or lead to the exercise of rights to convert the outstanding amounts into Equity Shares, or trigger the invocation of security under our financing arrangements or cross-defaults under certain of our other financing agreements. 

An event of default may also affect our ability to raise additional funds or renew maturing borrowings to finance our existing operations and pursue our growth initiatives. The termination of, or declaration or 

50 

enforcement of default under, any financing agreement (if not waived or cured) may have an adverse effect on our cash flow, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

# **46.** **_Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our competitive position, business, financial condition and results of operation. Further, if we inadvertently infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

We believe that our intellectual property rights, which are a combination of patents and trademarks are vital to our competitiveness and success and for us to attract and retain our clients and business partners. 



Our Company has registered our name and/or logo, “ ” in 12 foreign jurisdictions including, the European Union, Canada, South Africa, Chile, and Australia with the relevant trademark registration authorities in such jurisdictions. In India, as on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company and Losugen have registered 98 trademarks with the Registrar of Trademarks under the Trademarks Act. Further, our Company has been granted 8 patents in India under the Patents Act, 1970 and in certain foreign jurisdictions including USA, South Africa and Brazil under their respective legislations. For details of our intellectual property, see “ **_Business – Intellectual Property_** ” on page 165. We cannot guarantee when our existing trademarks and patents expire, we will be able renew them in a timely manner, or at all. 

We may not be able to safeguard our intellectual property from infringement or passing off, both domestically and internationally, since we have operations in several countries and may not be able to respond to infringement or passing off activity occurring without our knowledge in a timely manner, or at all. Any improper use or infringement by any party may damage our business prospects, reputation and goodwill and reduce our revenue. The competitive advantage that we derive from our intellectual property may also be diminished or eliminated. Further, enforcement of any intellectual property rights could be time consuming and costly and a favourable outcome cannot be guaranteed. For risks in relation to our patents, see, “- **_Our efforts in obtaining and protecting our patents may be costly and unsuccessful, which may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** ” above. 

We also rely on technical knowledge, product information, industry data, manufacturing expertise and market “knowhow” that cannot be registered and is not subject to any confidentiality or nondisclosure clauses or agreements. If such know-how is leaked to third parties, this could erode our competitive advantage. Our trade secrets may become known or independently developed by our competitors, and in such cases, we may no longer enjoy the exclusive use of some of our innovations or maintain the confidentiality of information relating to our products. Additionally, we may face claims for breach of intellectual property by third parties. If we are subject to any adverse rulings or decisions, our manufacture and sale of such products could be significantly restricted or prohibited and we may be required to pay substantial damages or on-going licensing fees. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property and technical knowledge against third party infringement or breaches of confidentiality, or are found to infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **47.** **_One of our manufacturing facilities is operated on industrial land allotted to us by industrial development corporation of West Bengal. Failure to comply with the conditions of use of such land could result in an adverse impact on our business and financial condition_** . 

Our manufacturing facility located at Kalyani, West Bengal is operated on industrial land allotted to us by the West Bengal Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation. Under the terms of the lease agreement dated March 24, 1977, we have been granted a lease for a period of 99 years subject to compliance with certain ongoing conditions. Further, according to the various statutory rules under which the development corporation functions, it retains the power to cancel allotment of land in the event of breach of any rules of allotment. Cancellation of the land allotted by way of lease to us could have an impact on our financial condition which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition 

# **48.** **_There are several restrictions on SEZs and underlying SEZ land in India, which may adversely affect our facility located in Dahej, Gujarat._** 

Our facility located in Dahej, Gujarat is situated in a special economic zone (“ **SEZs** ”) and the lease for this premise, therefore, restricts our ability to use the location to manufacture products for domestic sales 

51 

(i.e., other than for exports) or to undertake any new line of business. Under the prevailing law governing SEZs in India, the land area in an SEZ may be demarcated into a processing area for setting up units for manufacture of products or provision of services, or an area exclusively for trading or warehousing purposes, or a non-processing area for other activities. The lease period for space in the processing area or the free trade and warehousing zone within an SEZ has to be for a minimum period of five years. Moreover, the developer cannot remove goods from the SEZ to the domestic tariff area (“ **DTA** ”) without permission from the relevant authority and, where applicable, certain duties are to be paid for clearance of goods in DTA. There are also certain restrictions on transfer of SEZ units, including the requirement to obtain the approval of the relevant authority for any proposed sale or transfer of an SEZ unit. 

Further, the approvals received by us to develop, operate and maintain the SEZs are subject to us fulfilling certain conditions, including compliance with environmental safety standards, applicable standards relating to planning, sewage disposal, pollution control, labour laws and execution of certain guarantees. In the event we are unable to comply with the restrictions under the laws governing SEZs in India, our rights to use our units demarcated as SEZs may be suspended or withdrawn and the guarantees provided by us may be invoked against us as a penalty, which may in turn adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

In the event that regulatory authorities allege non-compliance of the Special Economic Zones Rules, 2006 and subject us to regulatory action for any reason in the future, we may be subject to consequences including penalties or seizure of land. Any such action or any changes to the SEZ regime may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

# **49.** **_We use contract labour at our manufacturing facilities and for carrying out certain of our ancillary operations and any failure to meet our obligations in relation to such contract labour could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition._** 

In order to retain flexibility and control costs, our Company engages contract labour for our manufacturing facilities and certain other operations such as administration and sales. As on June 30, 2021, we engaged 793 contractual workforce. If we are unable to obtain the services of skilled and unskilled workmen at reasonable rates it will have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In addition, our manufacturing process is dependent on a technology-driven production system and any inability of the contract labourers to familiarize themselves with such technology could adversely affect our business, financial condition, result of operations and cash flows. 

Although our Company does not engage these labourers directly, we may be held responsible for any wage payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, under the Contract Labour (Regulation and Abolition) Act, 1970, as amended, we may be required to absorb a number of such contract labourers as permanent employees. Thus, any such order from a regulatory body or court may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **50.** **_Our operations at our manufacturing facilities are labour intensive and certain of our employees are affiliated to trade unions. We may be adversely affected by work stoppages, strikes or other types of conflicts with our employees in the future which may adversely impact our business and financial condition._** 

Our manufacturing activities are labour intensive, require our management to undertake significant labour interface, and expose us to the risk of industrial action. Employees at our manufacturing facilities at Dahej, Gujarat, Chile, South Africa and Australia are affiliated with labour unions and have submitted their respective charter of demands with us and we have entered into a memorandum of settlement with the employees at both our manufacturing facilities at Samali and Kalyani, West Bengal. Employees at our manufacturing facility at Dahej, Gujarat are affiliated with the Federation of Labour, Bharuch since May, 2019 and established a second labour union in August, 2020 which has submitted a charter of demands with us. We contested the registration of the second labour union before the Assistant Commissioner of Labour, Bharuch on the grounds that both unions have the same members and accordingly cannot submit two separate charters of demands to our Company. The matter was referred to the Labour Court, Bharuch and was adjudicated in our favour. We cannot assure you that we will not be subject to such further demands and proceedings due to the actions of the labour unions established by our employees at all or any of our manufacturing facilities. Thus, it may be difficult for us to maintain 

52 

flexible labour policies, and we may face the threat of labour unrest, work stoppages and diversion of our management’s attention due to union intervention. 

Our operation may be affected by work stoppages, strikes or other types of conflicts with our employees. Further, we cannot ensure that our employees will not unionize in the future. Any such event, at our current facilities or at any new facilities that we may commission or acquire in the future, may adversely affect our ability to operate our business and serve our customers and impair our relationships with key customers and suppliers, which may adversely impact our business and financial condition. 

# **51.** **_Failure or disruption of our IT and/or ERP systems, or cybercrimes or similar disruptions, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

We have implemented various information technology (“ **IT** ”) and/or enterprise resource planning (“ **ERP** ”) solutions to cover key areas of our operations. Further, we are dependent on technology in relation to customer order management and dispatches, production planning and reporting, manufacturing processes on the shop floor, financial accounting and scheduling raw material purchase and shipments. We rely on our IT infrastructure to provide us with connectivity and data backup across our locations and functions. While the ERP solutions that we have implemented have enabled us to improve our working capital cycles, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to do so in the future. 

We have taken measures to deploy adequate IT disaster management systems including data backup and retrieval mechanisms, in all our facilities. However, any failure or disruption in the operation of these systems or the loss of data due to such failure or disruption (including due to human error or sabotage) may affect our ability to plan, track, record and analyze work in progress and sales, process financial information, manage our creditors, debtors and hedging positions, or otherwise conduct our normal business operations, which may increase our costs and otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

In addition, our systems and proprietary data stored electronically may be vulnerable to ransomware attacks, computer viruses, cybercrime, computer hacking and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering. If such unauthorized use of our systems or those of our customers were to occur, data related to our customers, products, product development pipeline, payment systems and other information could be compromised. 

# **52.** **_Our growth depends upon our reputation and market perception and any failure to maintain, protect and enhance our reputation may have an adverse effect on our sales, profitability and the implementation of our growth strategy._** 

We believe that our reputation and market perception are among our important assets. Any adverse change in the quality of products rendered by us including due to reasons beyond our control, or allegations of defects, even when false, at any of our manufacturing facilities could result in complaints from our customers and tarnish our reputation. For details, see “- **_We are subject to strict quality requirements and any failure by us to comply with quality standards or product defect may lead to the cancellation of existing and future orders, reputational risks and liability claims.”_** above. 

Over time, our range of products such as DynaPrime, DynaSteel, Rapido have established a reputation amongst our customers and consequently a majority of our new customers and mill sites are those that have been referred to us by our existing customers by way of word of mouth appreciation. We believe that maintaining our reputation is necessary to continue to attract and retain customers. Furthermore, a market perception that our products and/or services are not satisfactory to our customers, even if factually incorrect or based on isolated incidents, could damage our reputation, diminish the value of our products, undermine the trust and credibility we have established and have a negative impact on our ability to attract and retain customers and could adversely impact our our sales, profitability and the implementation of our growth strategy. 

**53.** **_The success of our business and operations are dependent upon certain quality accreditations which are valid for a limited time period. An inability to renew such accreditations in a timely manner, or at all, may adversely affect our business and prospects._** 

53 

We have been awarded the Integrated Management System (IMS) certification by SGS India Limited, and are now certified for three management systems, which are: Quality Management System (QMS) – ISO 9001:2015 (India, South Africa), Environment Management System (EMS) – ISO 14001:2004 (India) and Occupational Health & Safety Management System (OHSMS) – OHSAS 18001:2007 (India). Receipt of certifications and accreditations under the standards of quality is important for the success and wide acceptability of our products. If we fail to comply with the requirements for applicable quality standards, or if we are otherwise unable to obtain or renew such quality accreditations in the future, in a timely manner, or at all, our business and prospects may be adversely affected. 

# **54.** **_This Red Herring Prospectus contains information from industry sources including the industry report commissioned from Frost & Sullivan, which has been paid by us and prepared for the specific purpose for this Offer. Prospective investors are advised not to place undue reliance on such information._** 

This Red Herring Prospectus includes information derived from third party industry sources and from a report commissioned by us titled “ _Global Market Assessment – Select Mineral Processing Equipment_ ” dated October 12, 2021 prepared by Frost & Sullivan (“ **F&S Report** ”), pursuant to an engagement with our Company dated April 9, 2021. We cannot guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of any information in the Report and other information under “ **_Industry Overview_** ” on page 108. Moreover, the industry sources including the F&S Report contains certain industry and market data, based on certain assumptions. 

Further, the F&S Report uses certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the markets in which we operate, and methodologies and assumptions vary widely among different industry sources. Such assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that such assumptions are correct or will not change and, accordingly, our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Further, the Report or any other industry data or sources are not recommendations to invest in our Company. Prospective investors are advised not to place undue reliance on the F&S Report or extracts thereof as included in this Red Herring Prospectus, when making their investment decisions. See “ **_Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation_** ” and “ **_Industry Overview_** ” on pages 12 and 108, respectively. 

# **55.** **_Our Promoters and Promoter Group will continue to retain control over our Company after completion of the Offer, which will allow them to influence the outcome of matters submitted for approval of our Shareholders._** 

The aggregate pre-Offer shareholding of our Promoter and Promoter Group, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus is 85.17% of the pre-Offer issued, subscribed and paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. Consequently, our Promoter and Promoter Group will continue to exercise significant control over us after completion of the Offer, including being able to determine matters requiring Shareholders’ approval or approval of our Board of Directors. 

Our Promoter and Promoter Group may take or block actions with respect to our business, which may conflict with our interests or the interests of our minority Shareholders. By exercising their control, our Promoter and Promoter Group could delay, defer or cause a change of our control or a change in our capital structure, delay, defer or cause a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us, discourage or encourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us even if such actions may be beneficial for the Company. For details, see “ **_Capital Structure_** ” on page 79. 

# **56.** **_We are subject to risks arising from interest rate fluctuations, which could adversely affect our results of operations planned expenditures and cash flows._** 

As of June 30, 2021, 96.57% of our borrowings was at floating interest rates while 3.43% of our borrowings was at fixed interest rate. Further 49.72% of borrowings under floating interest rate are hedged against interest rate risks. If the interest rates of our existing or future borrowings, availed by our Company or our Subsidiaries, increases significantly, our cost of funds will increase. A further increase in interest rates may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. While we could consider refinancing the loan or hedging interest rate risks in appropriate cases, there 

54 

can be no assurance that we will be able to do so on commercially reasonable terms or at all, that our counterparties will perform their obligations, or that these agreements, if entered into, will protect us adequately against interest rate risks. Further, if such arrangements do not protect us adequately against interest rate risks, they would result in higher costs. 

# **57.** **_We have entered into transactions with related parties. These or any future related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest and there can be no assurance that we could not have achieved better terms, had such arrangements been entered into with unrelated parties._** 

We have, in the ordinary course of business entered into various transactions with related parties, including our Subsidiaries from time to time. These transactions principally include remuneration to executive Directors and Key Managerial Personnel and consideration paid to TPW Engineering Limited, one of our Group Companies, in relation to acquiring the leasehold rights. We cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. It is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. Although going forward, all material related party transactions that we may enter into, will be subject to the Board’s or Shareholders’ approval, as necessary under the Companies Act 2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations, there can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations or that we could not have achieved more favourable terms if such transactions had not been entered into with related parties. Such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. For details, see “ **_Financial Information – Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Annexure V- Notes to the Restated Consolidated Financial Information – Note 46 – Related Party Transactions_ ”** on page 287. These related party transactions entered into by us, were in compliance with the Companies Act. 

We cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our minority Shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We cannot assure you that related party transactions could not have been made on more favourable terms with unrelated parties. Further, there is no assurance that our related party transactions in future would be on terms favourable to us when compared to similar transactions with unrelated or third parties or that our related party transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition. 

# **58.** **_Certain of our Promoters and directors hold Equity Shares in our Company and are interested in our Company’s performance in addition to remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Certain of our Promoters and Directors are interested in our Company to the extent of their shareholding in our Company and the dividend entitlement received from our Company, in addition to the normal remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses by our Company. We cannot assure you that our Promoters and Directors, or any other interested Director in the future, would always exercise their rights as Shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. As a result, such Promoters and Directors or any other interested Director in the future will continue to exercise significant control over our Company, including being able to control the composition of our Board of Directors and determine decisions requiring simple or special majority voting, and our other Shareholders may be unable to affect the outcome of such voting. 

Further our Promoters and Directors, or any other interested Director in the future may take or block actions with respect to our business, which may conflict with our best interests or the interests of other minority Shareholders, such as actions with respect to future capital raising or acquisitions. We cannot assure you that, such Promoters and Directors or any other interested Director in the future will always act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our favour, thereby adversely affecting our business and results of operations and prospects. See “ **_Capital Structure_** ” on page 79. 

# **59.** **_Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to protect us against all potential losses, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our principal types of coverage for our Company as well as our manufacturing facilities include among others, protection from fire, special perils, burglary, machinery breakdown, plant and machine, product liability, financial loss and a variety of marine and employee insurance policies such as group personal accident policy and workmen compensation policy. We cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out 

55 

sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. Further, we may not have identified every risk, and further may not be insured against every risk, including operational risks that may occur, and the occurrence of an event that causes losses in excess of the limits specified in our policies, or losses arising from events or risks not covered by insurance policies or due to the same being inadequate. 

In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. Additionally, in future, we may be required to bear increased premiums for our insurance to provide coverage for pandemics such as COVID-19. Our insurance coverage is 292% of carrying value of property, plant and equipment, investment property and other intangibles assets amounting to ₹1,751.77 million as of June 30, 2021. 

We have claimed an amount of ₹6.87 million, ₹0.76 million and ₹8.51 million in Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively under the insurance policies in relation to events such as damage of certain factory sheds, leakage in materials received and other events related to the operations of our Company and Subsidiaries. We have received a settlement amount of ₹3.69 million, ₹0.60 million and ₹7.66 million against these insurance claims in the respective financial years. Further, we have not made any claims under the insurance policies in the three months period ended June 30, 2021. 

To the extent that we suffer loss or damage, or successful assertion of one or more large claims against us for events for which we are not insured, or for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, or which is not covered by insurance, exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial performance and cash flows could be adversely affected. See “ **_Business - Insurance_** ” on page 164. 

# **60.** **_Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants in our financing arrangements._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our future earnings, cash flows, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditure, applicable Indian legal restrictions and other factors. The declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be recommended by our Board and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association, the Dividend Distribution Policy and applicable law, including the Companies Act 2013. There can be no assurance that we will pay dividends. We may decide to retain all of our earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business or conserve cash to cope with the disruption in our business operations due to COVID-19 pandemic and, therefore, may not declare dividends on our Equity Shares. Additionally, in the future, we may be restricted by the terms of our financing agreements in making dividend payments unless otherwise agreed with our lenders. See “ **_Dividend Policy_** ” and “ **_Financial Indebtedness_** ” on pages 206 and 314, respectively. 

# **61.** **_We have had negative cash flows in the past, and may have negative cash flows in the future. Negative cash flows could adversely affect our cash flow requirements, our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans, thereby affecting our financial performance._** 

We have in the three preceding Financial Years, and may in future, experience negative cash flows from investing and financing activities. For details, see “ **_Restated Consolidated Financial Information - Restated Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows_** ” and “ **_Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_** ” on pages 224 and 318, respectively. We cannot assure you that our net cash flows will be positive in the future. Negative cash flows over extended periods, or significant negative cash flows in the short term, could materially impact our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. As a result, our cash flows, business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. 

56 

# **External Risk Factors** 

# **_Risks Relating to India_** 

**62.** **_Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located elsewhere, including India. Adverse economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficit, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our services may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. Economic growth in the countries in which we operate is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. 

**63.** **_Natural disasters, fires, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other events could materially and adversely affect our business._** 

Natural disasters (such as typhoons, flooding and earthquakes), epidemics, pandemics such as COVID19, acts of war, terrorist attacks and other events, many of which are beyond our control, may lead to economic instability, including in India or globally, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our operations may be adversely affected by fires, natural disasters and/or severe weather, which can result in damage to our property or inventory and generally reduce our productivity and may require us to evacuate personnel and suspend operations. For instance, West Bengal was affected by the Amphan cyclone in May, 2020 and Yaas cyclone in May, 2021 while Gujarat was affected by Tauktae cyclone in May, 2021. Any terrorist attacks or civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic and political events in India or countries to who we export our products could have a negative effect on us. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the price of the Equity Shares. A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of diseases such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19 virus. A worsening of the current outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic or future outbreaks of COVID-19 virus or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region. As a result, any present or future outbreak of a contagious disease could have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

**64.** **_A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating by Fitch was decreased from BBB with a “stable” outlook to BBB with a “negative” outlook (Fitch) in June 2020. In May 2021, DBRS changed India’s sovereign rating from BBB with a “negative” outlook to BBB (low) with a “stable” outlook. Further, in October 2021, Moody 

57 

affirmed India’s sovereign rating of Baa3 with a “stable” outlook which has been upgraded from ‘negative’. India’s sovereign rating from S&P is BBB- with a “stable” outlook. Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favourable terms and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **65.** **_Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia, Russia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has adversely affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (“ **Brexit** ”), there remains significant uncertainty around the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets. 

In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **66.** **_If there is any change in laws or regulations, including taxation laws, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements_** 

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Ordinance, 2019, a new tax ordinance issued by India’s Ministry of Finance on September 20, 2019, prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this new ordinance, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favor of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which would ultimately reduce the effective tax rate for Indian companies from 34.94% to approximately 25.17%. While we have opted for the concessional regime, any such future amendments may affect our other benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

The application of various Indian tax laws, rules and regulations to our business, currently or in the future, is subject to interpretation by the applicable taxation authorities. For instance, the Government of India implemented a comprehensive national GST regime with effect from July 1, 2017 that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into a unified rate structure. There can be no 

58 

assurance that future clarifications by the Government of India on the GST regime would be favorable to us. If such tax laws, rules and regulations are amended, new adverse laws, rules or regulations are adopted or current laws are interpreted adversely to our interests, the results could increase our tax payments (prospectively or retrospectively) and/or subject us to penalties. The General Anti-Avoidance Rules (“ **GAAR** ”) also became effective from April 1, 2017. The tax consequences of the GAAR provisions being applied to an arrangement could result in denial of tax benefit amongst other consequences. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is uncertain and may or may not have an adverse tax impact on us. Additionally, the Government of India had announced the union budget for Fiscal 2022, pursuant to which the Finance Act, 2021 has been enacted. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2021 may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. 

The Government of India has passed new laws relating to social security, occupational safety, industrial relations and wages namely, the Code on Social Security, 2020, the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020, the Industrial Relations Code, 2020 and the Code on Wages, 2019, respectively which were to take effect from April 1, 2021 (collectively, the “Labour Codes”). The Government of India has deferred the effective date of the Labour Codes and they shall come into force from such date as may be notified by the Government. Further, the Code on Social Security, 2020 (“ **Social Security Code** ”) will impact overall employee expenses and, in turn, could impact the profitability of our Company. Under the Social Security Code, a new concept of deemed remuneration has been introduced, such that where an employee receives more than half (or such other percentage as may be notified by the Central Government), of their total remuneration in the form of allowances and other amounts that are not included within the definition of wages under the Social Security Code, the excess amount received shall be deemed as remuneration and accordingly be added to wages for the purposes of the Social Security Code and the compulsory contribution to be made towards the employees’ provident fund. 

We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future.In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. 

We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

# **67.** **_If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our services at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our clients thereby reducing our margins._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of transportation, wages, raw materials and other expenses relevant to our business. 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or increase the price of our products to pass the increase in costs on to our clients. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, the Government of India has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

59 

# **68.** **_Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

# **69.** **_A third party could be prevented from acquiring control of us post this Issue, because of anti-takeover provisions under Indian law._** 

As a listed Indian entity, there are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company. Under the Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company subsequent to completion of the Issue. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to our shareholders, such a takeover may not be attempted or consummated because of Takeover Regulations. 

# **70.** **_Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us._** 

Our Company is a company incorporated under the laws of India. A majority of our Directors and officers are residents of India and a substantial portion of our assets and such persons are located in India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce judgments obtained against such parties outside India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if that court was of the view that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy, or if judgments are in breach or contrary to Indian law. In addition, a party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain approval from the RBI to execute such a judgment or to repatriate outside India any amounts recovered. 

Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 and Section 44A of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908. India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, such as the United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong. In order to be enforceable, a judgment from a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements established in the Indian Code of Civil Procedure, 1908. The CPC only permits the enforcement and execution of monetary decrees in the reciprocating jurisdiction, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India, including the United States, cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be directly enforceable in India. The party in whose favour a final foreign judgment in a non-reciprocating territory is rendered may bring a fresh suit in a competent court in India based on the final judgment within three years of obtaining such final judgment. However, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with the public policy in India. 

# **_Risks Relating to the Equity Shares and this Issue_** 

# **71.** **_The trading volume and market price of the Equity Shares may be volatile following the Issue._** 

The market price of the Equity Shares may fluctuate as a result of, among other things, the following factors, some of which are beyond our control: 

- quarterly variations in our results of operations; 

60 

- results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 

- results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; 

- changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research analysts and investors; 

- a change in research analysts’ recommendations; 

- announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments; 

- announcements by third parties or governmental entities of significant claims or proceedings against us; 

- new laws and governmental regulations applicable to our industry; 

- additions or departures of Key Managerial Personnel; 

- changes in exchange rates; 

- fluctuations in stock market prices and volume; and 

- general economic and stock market conditions. 

Changes in relation to any of the factors listed above could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **72.** **_The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Issue._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ **_Basis for Offer Price_** ” on page 100 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Issue. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Issue, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

# **73.** **_The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and the Issue may not result in an active or liquid market for the Equity Shares. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and the investors may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Issue, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the stock exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Issue. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India and volatility in the Stock Exchanges and securities markets elsewhere in the world. 

# **74.** **_You may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of our Equity Shares._** 

Under the current Indian tax laws and regulations, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied both at the time of transfer and acquisition of the equity shares (unless exempted under a prescribed notification), and the STT is collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of equity shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold using any other platform other than on a recognized stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, are subject to long term capital gains tax in India. Such long term capital gains exceeding ₹100,000 arising from the sale of listed equity shares on the stock exchange are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess). Unrealized capital gains earned on listed equity shares up to January 31, 2018 continue to be taxexempted in such cases. Further, STT will be levied and collected by an Indian stock exchange if the equity shares are sold on a stock exchange. With respect to capital gains arising in an off market sale, 

61 

long term capital gains are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) without the exemption of ₹100,000. Short-term capital gains, arising from the sale of such equity shares on a stock exchange would be subject to tax at the rate of 15% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), while short term capital gains arising in an off-market sale would be subject to tax at a higher rate of 40% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of foreign companies and 30% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of other non-resident taxpayers. 

The Finance Act, 2019 amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020. It clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our business and operations. 

Further, any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. In cases where the seller is a non-resident, capital gains arising from the sale of the equity shares will be partially or wholly exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Additionally, the Finance Act, 2020 does not require dividend distribution tax to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. Historically, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the equity shares. 

# **75.** **_Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Issue._** 

The Equity Shares may not be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares can commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited with the Equity Shares within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in the Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately six working days from the Bid Closing Date (or such other period as prescribed under applicable laws) and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six working days of the Bid Closing Date (or such other period as prescribed under applicable laws). There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise any delay in commencing trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

# **76.** **_Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, see “ **_Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_** ” on page 380. 

62 

# **77.** **_Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

Our Restated Consolidated Financial Information for the three months period ended June 30, 2021 and Fiscal 2019, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2021 have been prepared and presented in conformity with Ind AS. Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our financial statements were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our financial statements, and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

# **78.** **_Qualified Institutional Buyers and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after the submission of their Bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after closure of the Bid/ Issue Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/ Issue Period and withdraw their Bids until the Bid/ Issue Closing Date. While we are required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six Working Days from the Bid/ Issue Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the investors’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Investors’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Issue or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

# **79.** **_Investors may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction the investors are in, does not permit them to exercise their preemptive rights without our Company filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless our Company makes such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in our Company would be reduced. 

63 

