# **SECTION III - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Potential investors should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry in which we operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not currently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may also adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any or some combination of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or believed to be material, actually occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition could suffer, the trading price of, and the value of your investment in, our Equity Shares could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Industry Overview”, “Our Business”, “Financial Statements” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations” on pages 103, 139, 191 and 255, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and our business and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved._ 

_Potential investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are unable to quantify the financial or other impact of any of the risks described in this section. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 20._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information for Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022 and the three months ended June 30, 2021 and 2022 included herein is derived from the Restated Financial Information, included in this Red Herring Prospectus, which have been derived from our audited financial statements and restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on Reports in Company Prospectuses (Revised 2019) issued by the ICAI, as amended from time to time. For further information, see “Financial Statements” on page 191._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the report titled “Global Information Services Market” dated September 16, 2022 (the “_ **_Company Commissioned F&S Report_** _”) prepared and issued by F&S, appointed by us on April 5, 2021, and exclusively commissioned by and paid for by us in connection with the Offer. A copy of the F&S Report is available on website of our Company at https://tracxn.com/investor-relations/financials. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the F&S Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year._ 

# **INTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

**_1. If we are unable to attract new customers, maintain our existing Customer Account base or expand Users within existing Customer Accounts of our platform, our revenue growth and profitability may be adversely affected._** 

In order to grow our revenues and profitability, we constantly look to increase the number of customers, maintain our existing Customer Account base and expand the number of Users within existing Customer Accounts of our platform. While we have experienced growth in the number of Customer Accounts on our platform, we cannot assure that we will continue to achieve similar account or user growth rates in the future in a timely manner or at all. Our Customer Accounts have increased from 642 Customer Accounts, as of March 31, 2020 to 855 Customer Accounts, as of March 31, 2021, and to 1,092 Customer Accounts, as of March 31, 2022. We had 1,139 Customer Accounts as of June 30, 2022. Similarly, the number of Users has increased from 2,075 Users, as of March 31, 2020, to 2,358 Users as of March 31 2021, and to 3,117 Users as of March 31, 2022. We had 3,271 Users as of June 30, 2022. 

29 

Our ability to attract new customers, maintain existing Customer Accounts and expand Users within our existing Customer Accounts of our platform depends in large part on our ability to continually enhance and improve our platform and features, timing of development, integrations, and capabilities we offer, our continued market acceptance, and our ability to identify use cases for our existing features and capabilities that are attractive to different categories of customers. The success of any enhancement to our platform depends on several factors, including addition of new entities and sectors, new data points for existing entities, update of existing data on our platform, additional coverage of new and emerging sectors and different jurisdictions, competitive pricing, integration with existing and upcoming technologies, our ability to identify relevant use cases for such enhancements, and overall market acceptance. If we are unable to increase our sales and marketing efforts or successfully develop new features, integrations, and capabilities to enhance our platform to meet requirements of our customers, in a timely manner or at all, our business, results of operations, and financial condition may be adversely affected. If we are unable to continue to meet demands of customers or trends in preferences or to achieve more widespread acceptance of our platform, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be harmed. In addition, some current and potential customers, particularly large organizations, may develop internal capabilities, tools or software, which may reduce or eliminate the demand for our platform. Further, a portion of the data we provide on our platform may become freely available on the internet, which may render our platform redundant. If demand for our platform and services declines for any of these or other reasons, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Numerous other factors may also impede our ability to add new customers including our failure to attract and effectively train new sales and marketing personnel, especially as we increase our sales efforts, failure to retain and motivate our current sales and marketing personnel, obsolescence of our current marketing strategies or an inability on our part to evolve newer and more effective marketing strategies, or failure to ensure the effectiveness of our marketing programs. Increasing our sales to large organizations requires increasingly sophisticated and costly sales efforts targeted at senior management and other personnel. The timing of our sales is difficult to predict. Our sales efforts involve educating our customers about the use, technical capabilities and benefits of our platform and solutions. Customers often undertake a prolonged evaluation process prior to using our platform. Some of our customers initially deploy our platform on a trial basis, with no guarantee that these customers will deploy our platform widely enough across their organization to justify our substantial pre-sales investment. As a result, it is difficult to predict exactly when, or even if, we will make a sale to a potential customer or if we can increase sales to our existing customers. See also “ _– If we do not effectively hire, retain, train and oversee our direct sales force, we may be unable to add new customers or increase sales to our existing customers, and our business may be adversely affected._ ” on page 41. 

**_2. We derive, and expect to continue to derive all of our revenues from operations from subscription by customers of our Tracxn platform. If our customers do not renew or expand their subscriptions, or if they renew on less favourable terms, our future revenue and operating results may be adversely affected._** 

We derive, and expect to continue to derive all of our revenue from operations from subscription by customers of our Tracxn platform. In Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022, and in the three months ended June 30, 2021 and 2022, we generated revenue from operations of ₹ 373,342.21 thousand, ₹ 437,786.71 thousand, ₹ 634,535.12 thousand, ₹ 149,720.96 thousand, and ₹ 184,044.95  thousand respectively, from subscription towards our platform. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to sell renewals of subscriptions and expand the deployment of our platform with existing customers. Our subscriptions from annual billing accounts comprised 58.21%, 58.50%, 59.72%, 54.68%% and 60.90% of our total subscriptions billed to customers for Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022, and in the three months ended June 30, 2021 and 2022, respectively, and our customers have the right to terminate the subscription following a one-month notice. A substantial portion of our revenues is generated from repeat business and our customer retention rate (calculated for a particular Fiscal as the number of annual billing accounts renewed divided by the total number of annual billing accounts due for renewal in that Fiscal) and in Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022, and in the three months ended June 30, 2021 and 2022, our customer retention rate was 73.39%, 74.38%, 74.07%, 81.82% and 73.61%, respectively. 

Our customers may not renew or expand the use of their subscriptions after the expiration of their current subscription. In addition, our customers may renew subscriptions for a lower number of users per account or for a shorter period than their existing subscription, in the event they do not believe they derive sufficient utility from our platform to sustain a larger number of users. Our existing customers generally have no contractual obligation to expand or renew their subscriptions after the expiration of the committed subscription period and given our limited operating history, we may not be able to accurately predict customer renewal rates. Our costs associated with renewals and upsells are substantially lower than costs associated with generating new unique subscriptions. 

30 

Therefore, a reduction in retention of our unique subscriptions, even if offset by an increase in new unique subscriptions, could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our customers’ renewal and/or expansion rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of factors, including, but not limited to, their satisfaction with our platform and our customer support, the availability of updated data on our platform, the frequency and severity of software and implementation errors, the functioning and utility of our platform, our ability to generate more private market data for our customers and achieving success with datadriven initiatives, the amount and quality of data available on the internet for free, the pricing of our subscriptions and services, or competing solutions or services, the effects of global economic conditions and their ability to continue their operations and spending levels. We cannot assure you that our customers will renew or expand their subscriptions, and if our customers do not renew their subscription or renew their subscription for a lower number of users or for a shorter period than their existing subscription, our revenue may grow more slowly than expected or decline and our business could suffer. 

# **_3. If there are interruptions or performance problems associated with our platform our business and financial condition may be adversely affected._** 

Our business, brand, reputation, and ability to attract and retain customers depend upon the satisfactory performance, reliability, and availability of our platform, which in turn depend upon the availability of the internet and our service providers. Our continued growth depends, in part, on the ability of our existing and potential customers to access our platform 24 hours a day, seven days a week, without interruption or degradation of performance. Interruptions in these systems, whether due to system failures, computer viruses, software errors, physical or electronic break-ins, or malicious hacks or attacks on our systems (such as denial of service attacks), could affect the security and availability of our services on our platform and prevent or inhibit the ability of users to access our platform or services. In addition, the software, internal applications, and systems underlying our platform are complex and may not be error-free. We may encounter technical problems when we attempt to enhance our software, internal applications, and systems. Any inefficiencies, errors, or technical problems with our software, internal applications, and systems could reduce the quality of our products and services or interfere with our customers’ use of our products and services, which could reduce demand, lower our revenues, and increase our costs. 

We have in the past and may in the future experience disruptions, data loss, outages, and other performance problems with our infrastructure due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, introductions of new functionality, human or software errors, capacity constraints, denial-of-service attacks, ransomware attacks, or other security-related incidents. For example, though our uptime percentage in Fiscal 2022 and in the three months ended June 30, 2022 was 99.99% and 100.00%, respectively, there were five instances of downtime of our platform that resulted in a total downtime of 23 minutes with the maximum downtime in a particular instance being 8 minutes, cumulatively in Fiscal 2022 and the three months ended June 30, 2022. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems immediately or in a short time. We may not be able to maintain the level of service and performance required by our customers. If our platform is unavailable or if customers are unable to access our platform within a reasonable amount of time, or at all, our business and financial condition would be adversely affected. 

Our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from fire, flood, power loss, security breaches, computer viruses, telecommunications failure, terrorist attacks, acts of war, electronic and physical break-ins, earthquakes, and similar events. The occurrence of any of the foregoing events could result in damage to or failure of our systems and hardware. In addition, we currently do not have specific insurance that covers such events or instances. Problems faced or caused by our IT service providers, including content distribution network service providers, private network providers, internet service providers, and third-party web-hosting providers and third party software and services or with the systems by which they allocate capacity among their customers (as applicable), could adversely affect the experience of our users leading to our business and financial condition being adversely affected. 

We also rely on third parties for cloud server hosting facilities and cloud computing platforms. Any interruption in these third-party services or deterioration in the performance of these services, regardless of the cause, could also be disruptive to our business. For further information, see “ – _Interruptions or delays in the services provided by third-party cloud servers or internet service providers could impair the ability of our platform to operate and our business could suffer_ ” on page 43. 

31 

**_4. We may be required to raise additional funds through equity or debt in the future to continue to grow our business, which may not be available on favourable terms or at all. Further, we will not receive any proceeds from the Offer. The Selling Shareholders will receive the net proceeds from the Offer._** 

Our strategy to grow our business may require us to raise additional funds for our working capital or long-term business plans. We cannot assure you that such funds will be available on favourable terms or at all. Any debt financing may increase our costs. Our financing agreements may contain terms and conditions that may restrict our ability to operate and manage our business, such as terms and conditions that require us to maintain certain pre-set debt service coverage ratios and leverage ratios and require us to use our assets, including our cash balances, as collateral for our indebtedness. If we are unable to raise additional funds on favourable terms or at all as and when required, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects could be adversely affected. We may also be required to finance our growth, whether organic or inorganic, through future equity offerings, which may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in us. See, “ _Risk Factors – Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._ ” on page 61. We may also be restrained from raising funds from foreign investors as a result of regulatory policies and frameworks. 

Further, the Offer consists of an Offer for Sale. The Selling Shareholders shall be entitled to the net proceeds from the Offer for Sale, which comprise proceeds from the Offer for Sale net of Offer expenses shared by the Selling Shareholders, and our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. 

**_5. We face competition from and could lose market share to our competitors, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

The market for private market data platforms is competitive and characterized by rapid changes in technology, customer requirements, industry standards and frequent new product introductions and improvements. We anticipate continued challenges from current competitors, which in many cases are more established and enjoy greater resources than us, as well as by new entrants into the industry. If we are unable to anticipate or effectively react to these competitive challenges, our competitive position could weaken, and we could experience a decline in our growth rate or revenue that could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our competitors include, among others, other private market data service providers such as Crunchbase, CBInsights, PrivCo and Pitchbook whose databases included approximately 0.8 million, 0.5 million, 0.8 million and 3.4 million private companies, respectively, as of the second quarter of 2022 ( _Source: Company Commissioned F&S Report_ ). For further information, see “ _Our Business – Competition_ ” on page 155. Many of our existing competitors have, and some of our potential competitors could have, competitive advantages such as: 

- greater name recognition, longer operating histories and larger customer bases; 

- larger sales and marketing budgets and resources and the capacity to leverage their sales efforts and marketing expenditures across a broader portfolio of products; 

- broader, deeper or otherwise more established relationships with technology, channel and distribution partners and customers; 

- improved and more technologically advanced platform 

- lower labour and research and development costs; 

- wider geographic presence or greater access to larger customer bases; 

- greater focus in specific geographies; 

- access to more powerful algorithms or technological tools; 

- access to databases from which to source data that may not be available to us; 

- larger and more mature intellectual property portfolios; and 

- substantially greater financial, technical and other resources to provide support, to make acquisitions and to develop and introduce new products 

In addition, some of our larger competitors have more diverse product and service offerings and may be able to leverage their relationships with distribution partners and customers based on other products or incorporate functionality into existing products to gain business in a manner that discourages users from purchasing our platform, including by selling at zero or negative margins, product bundling or offering closed technology platforms. These larger competitors often have broader product lines and market focus or greater resources and may therefore not be as susceptible to economic downturns or other significant reductions in capital spending by customers. Similarly, certain competitors may use marketing strategies that enable them to acquire users more rapidly or at a lower cost than us, or both. Our competitors may also evolve use cases for their services which are outside our contemplation, and may accordingly tap into customer bases which we may not otherwise consider. 

32 

If we are unable to sufficiently differentiate our solutions from the products or solutions of our competitors, we may see a decrease in demand for our platform, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 

In addition, larger companies that are making significant investments in research and development may introduce products that have greater performance or functionality, are easier to implement or use, or incorporate technological advances that we have not yet developed or implemented or may invent similar or superior products and technologies that compete with our platform. Our current and potential competitors may also establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties that may further enhance their resources. 

Some of our competitors have made or could make acquisitions of businesses that allow them to offer more competitive and comprehensive solutions. As a result of such acquisitions, our current or potential competitors may be able to accelerate the adoption of new technologies that better address customer needs, devote greater resources to bring these products and services to market, initiate or withstand substantial price competition, or develop and expand their product and service offerings more quickly than we do. These competitive pressures in our market or our failure to compete effectively may result in fewer orders, reduced revenue and gross margins and loss of market share. Further, we may face increased competition due to changes to our competitors’ products and services, including modifications to their terms, conditions, and pricing that could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations, and overall financial condition in future periods. 

We may not compete successfully against our current or potential competitors. If we are unable to compete successfully, or if competing successfully requires us to take costly actions in response to the actions of our competitors, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, companies competing with us may have an entirely different pricing or distribution model. Increased competition could result in fewer customer orders, price reductions, reduced operating margins and loss of market share. Further, we may be required to make substantial additional investments in research, development, marketing and sales in order to respond to such competitive threats, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully in the future. 

# **_6. If we are not able to obtain and maintain accurate, comprehensive, or reliable data, we could experience reduced demand for our platform and services._** 

Our success depends on our customers’ confidence in the depth, breadth, and completeness of our private market data. The task of establishing and maintaining accurate data, and processing data in a manner that makes it meaningful to our customers, is challenging and expensive. The depth, breadth, and accuracy of our data differentiates us from our competitors. In order to gather private market data, we primarily rely on online sources, and there is no assurance that the information provided therein is accurate or reliable. If the information we obtain from public sources and our data extraction, curation, and insights, are not current, accurate, comprehensive, or reliable, it would increase the likelihood of negative customer experiences, which in turn would reduce the likelihood of customers renewing or upgrading their subscriptions and harm our reputation, making it more difficult to obtain new customers. We cannot assure you that customers will not cancel their subscription in future as a result of inaccurate or insufficient data. In addition, if we are no longer able to maintain our current levels of quality and completeness of data, we may face situations where our customers terminate their existing subscriptions or do not renew their subscriptions which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

# **_7. Our brand is integral to our success. If we fail to effectively maintain, promote and enhance our brand, our business and competitive advantage may be harmed._** 

We believe that maintaining, promoting and enhancing our _Tracxn_ brand is critical to maintaining and expanding our business. Maintaining and enhancing our brand depends largely on our ability to continue to provide highquality, well-designed, useful, reliable, and innovative services, which we cannot assure you we will do successfully. 

We believe the importance of brand recognition will increase as competition in our market increases. In addition to our ability to provide reliable information and useful solutions at competitive prices, the successful promotion of our brand will also depend on the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. We market our platform through our direct sales force, social media, and a number of unpaid marketing sources, including customers’ word-of-mouth referrals. We cannot assure you, however, that our sales and marketing expenses will lead to increasing revenue, and even if they did, such increases in revenue might not be sufficient to offset the expenses incurred. 

33 

We expect to continue to invest in our sales and marketing activities going forward as we seek to grow the numbers of our customers. Our methods of marketing and advertising may not be successful in increasing brand awareness or, ultimately, be cost-effective. If we are unable to maintain or enhance user awareness of our brand, or if we are unable to recover our marketing costs through increased usage of our platform and services, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

# **_8. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to expand use of our platform by customers globally and accordingly, our business is susceptible to risks associated with international operations._** 

We currently have a significantly large customer base outside India that uses our platform. In Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022, and in the three months ended June 30, 2021 and 2022, our customers located outside India generated ₹ 266,526.30 thousand, ₹ 308,554.94 thousand, ₹ 447,033.59 thousand, ₹ 108,243.13 thousand and ₹ 125,881.72 thousand, respectively, and 71.39%, 70.48%, 70.45%, 72.30% and 68.40%, respectively, of our total revenue from operations were generated by our customers located outside India in the same periods. We expect to continue to expand our international customer base, which may include opening offices in new jurisdictions. Any additional international expansion efforts that we are undertaking and may undertake may not be successful. In addition, conducting international operations subjects us to new risks, some of which we have not generally faced in India. 

These risks include, among other things: 

- unexpected costs and errors in the localization including translation into foreign languages and adaptation for local culture, practices, and regulatory requirements; 

- lack of familiarity and burdens of complying with foreign laws, legal standards, privacy standards, regulatory requirements, tariffs, and other barriers, and the risk of penalties to our users and individual members of management or employees if our practices are deemed to be out of compliance; 

- practical difficulties of enforcing intellectual property rights in countries with varying laws and standards and reduced or varied protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; 

- competition from local service providers in such markets; and 

- an evolving legal framework and additional legal or regulatory requirements for data privacy, which may necessitate the establishment of systems to maintain data in local markets, requiring us to invest in hosting in data centers locally and network infrastructure. 

Additionally, operating in international markets requires significant management attention and financial resources. We cannot be certain that the investment and additional resources required in establishing operations in other countries will produce desired levels of revenue or profitability. 

Our limited experience in operating our business internationally increases the risk that any potential future expansion efforts that we may undertake will not be successful. If we invest substantial time and resources to expand our international operations and are unable to do so successfully and in a timely manner, our business, results of operations, and financial condition will suffer. We may be unable to keep up with changes in government requirements as they change from time to time. Failure to comply with these regulations could harm our business, financial condition and results of operation. 

# **_9. Any fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may have an impact on our profits generated from overseas markets._** 

We transact business in various currencies other than the Indian rupee and generate revenues from customers outside India, which subjects us to currency exchange risks while a large portion of our expenses are denominated in Indian rupee. A substantial portion of our international sales are denominated in United States Dollar, which has been volatile against the Indian rupee. In Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022, and in the three months ended June 30, 2021 and 2022, we generated ₹ 268,454.64 thousand, ₹ 306,614.67 thousand, ₹ 438,469.91  thousand, ₹ 106,459.81  thousand and ₹ 123,545.98 thousand, respectively, in revenues that were denominated in US dollars and accounted for 71.91%, 70.04%, 69.10% 71.11% and 67.13%, respectively, of our revenue from operations in such periods. Since we have significant international sales, any fluctuations in the foreign currency exchange rates resulting from, inter alia, economic, geo-political or social factors may impact our ability to optimise the equation between maintaining customer lifetime value and customer acquisition cost, as per our targets, which may result in an asymmetric and disproportional impact on our profits, revenue, results of operations and cash flows. Presently, we have not entered into any hedging arrangements to account for any adverse changes to the foreign currency exchange rate, and there can be no assurance that in the absence of such arrangements, any changes in 

34 

the foreign exchange rates in the future will not have an impact on our business condition and profitability. 

**_10. Our attrition rate (both due to voluntary attrition and due to underperformance) in Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022, and in the three months ended June 30, 2021 and 2022 was 66.08%, 39.91%, 49.02%, 13.24% and 13.79%, respectively.  Failure to attract and retain highly skilled professionals may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations._** 

Our success depends upon our ability to attract, train, motivate, retain and utilise highly skilled professionals. We are dependent upon software developers and our analyst and data operations team for the maintenance and expansion of our platform, and to curate information that we collect and manage. Increased hiring by technology companies and increasing worldwide competition for skilled professionals may lead to a shortage in the availability of suitable personnel. Additionally, we have experienced high employee attrition in the past and may incur additional costs to improve our employee retention rate in the future. 

Our attrition rate (both due to voluntary attrition and due to underperformance) in Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022, and in the three months ended June 30, 2021 and 2022 was 66.08%, 39.91%, 49.02%, 13.24% and 13.79%, respectively. 

We may encounter higher attrition rates in the future. A significant increase in the attrition rate among skilled professionals with specialised data analytics skills could decrease our operating efficiency and productivity and could lead to a decline in demand for our services. The competition for highly-skilled professionals may require us to increase salaries, and we may be unable to pass on these increased costs to our customers. This would increase our operational costs which may adversely affect our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, we may be unable to manage knowledge developed internally, which may be lost in the event we are unable to retain employees. High attrition rates of professionals would increase our hiring, reskilling, upskilling and training costs and could have an adverse effect on our ability to complete existing contracts in a timely manner, meet customer objectives and expand our business. Failure to hire, train and retain professionals in sufficient numbers could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_11. We use open source software, which could negatively affect our ability to offer our platform and subject us to litigation or other actions._** 

We use open source software in connection with our platform. Companies that incorporate open source software into their products and services have, from time to time, faced claims challenging the ownership of open source software and compliance with open source license terms. As a result, we could be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software or non-compliance with open source licensing terms. Some open source software licenses require customers who distribute open source software as part of their software to publicly disclose all or part of the source code and make available any derivative works of the open source code on unfavourable terms or at no cost. If we inappropriately use open source software, or if the license terms for open source software that we use change, we may be required to re-engineer our platform, or certain aspects of our platform, incur additional costs, discontinue certain features, integrations, or capabilities of our platform, or take other remedial actions. Any requirement to disclose our source code, pay royalties to the licensor or pay damages for breach of contract could be harmful to our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

In addition, if we were to combine our proprietary source code or software with open source software in a certain manner, we could, under certain open source licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software to the public. This would allow our competitors to create similar products with less development effort and time. In addition, many of the risks associated with usage of open source software, such as the lack of warranties or assurances of title, cannot be eliminated, and could, if not properly addressed, negatively affect our business. We cannot assure you that all of our use of open source software is in a manner that is consistent with our current policies and procedures, or will not subject us to liability which could have a material adverse effect on our revenue, business, results of operations and financial condition and the market price of our Equity Shares. 

# **_12. We may fail to determine optimal pricing and packaging of our services._** 

We have limited experience in determining the optimal pricing and packaging of our services, and we may need to change our pricing model from time to time. Further, the market for similar products and services is limited and our ability to benchmarking our pricing to other competitors is therefore, to that extent also limited. We 

35 

typically maintain a uniform pricing model for most of our customers and we may, therefore, have limited flexibility to cater to customers with different pricing requirements. Demand for our services is sensitive to price, and current or prospective customers may choose not to subscribe or renew or upgrade their subscriptions due to costs. We cater to a wide variety of customers with differing requirements and accordingly, pricing models that are suitable for one category of customers may not be suitable for another. Further, certain of our competitors offer, or may in the future offer, lower-priced or free products or services that compete with our services or may bundle functionality compatible with their services and offer a broader range of services. As we further expand internationally, we may find that pricing and packaging appropriate in our current market is not acceptable to prospective customers in certain new markets. In addition, if the mix of features, integrations, and capabilities of our services changes or we develop additional versions for specific use cases, then we may need or choose to revise our pricing. Any inability or our failure to determine the optimal pricing for our services may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **_13. Security breaches and attacks against our systems and network, and any potentially resulting breach or failure to otherwise protect personal, confidential and proprietary information, could damage our reputation and negatively impact our business, as well as materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our cybersecurity measures may not detect, prevent or control all attempts to compromise our systems, including distributed denial-of-service attacks, viruses, Trojan horses, malicious software, break-ins, phishing attacks, thirdparty manipulation, security breaches, employee misconduct or negligence or other attacks, risks, data leakage and similar disruptions that may cause service interruptions or jeopardize the security of data stored in and transmitted by our systems or that we otherwise maintain. For example, our platform has experienced crawling attempts and denial of service attacks. Many of our employees are currently working remotely in view of the COVID-19 pandemic, using their household or personal internet networks, which increases our vulnerability to security breaches and cyber-attacks. Additionally, we utilise third party cloud servers to store our data and host our platform, and any security issues that may arise in the systems of our cloud service provider or with their application programming interfaces may impact our Company. Breaches of our cybersecurity measures could result in unauthorized access to our systems, misappropriation of information or data, deletion or modification of user information, or a denial-of-service or other interruption to our business operations. For example, on February 17, 2021, a certain system port was left open on account of a manual error and certain user activity such as the webpage being visited by the user, the account name and the user email ID was recorded. In another instance in Fiscal 2019, dummy test data of our database was copied from our servers on account of our server port accidentally left open. Both these instances did not result in any material impact to our platform or our service. As techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage systems change frequently and may not be known until launched against us or our third-party service providers, there can be no assurance that we will be able to anticipate, or implement adequate measures to protect against, these attacks. If we are unable to avert these attacks and security breaches, we could be subject to significant legal and financial liability, our reputation and business would be harmed and we could sustain substantial revenue loss from lost sales and customer dissatisfaction. 

# **_14. We have had negative cash flows from operating activities in the past and may, in the future, experience similar negative cash flows._** 

We have experienced negative cash flows from operating activities in Fiscals 2020 and 2021, and may, in the future, experience negative cash flows. 

The following table sets forth certain information relating to our cash flows for the periods indicated below: 

|**Particulars**||**Fiscal**||**Three months**|**Three months**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2020**|**2021**|**2022**<br>**(₹ thousan**|**ended June**<br>**30, 2021**<br>**d)**|**ended June 30,**<br>**2022**|
|Net<br>cash<br>inflow/(outflow)<br>from<br>operating activities|(153,939.54)|(60,596.78)|5,586.01|11,372.70|15,672.81|
|Net<br>cash<br>inflow/(outflow)<br>from<br>investing activities|(58,149.21)|54,567.82|8,427.96|(14,866.02)|(28,338.24)|
|Net cash inflow from financing<br>activities|209,460.78|1,873.77|-|<br>-|-|
|Net increase/ (decrease) in cash and<br>cashequivalents|(2,627.97)|(4,155.19)|14,013.97|(3,493.32)|(12,665.43)|
|Cash and cash equivalents at the|24,990.34|22,955.92|18,007.68|18,007.68|31,868.05|



36 

|beginning of the period||||||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Effects of exchange rate changes on<br>cash and cash equivalents|593.55|(793.05)|(153.60)|(31.28)|202.63|
|Cash and cash equivalents at the end<br>ofthe period|22,955.92|18,007.68|31,868.05|14,483.08|19,405.25|



Negative cash flows over extended periods, or significant negative cash flows in the short term, could materially impact our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

# **_15. If we fail to innovate in response to changing customer needs and new technologies and other market requirements, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected._** 

The market for private market data requires continuous innovation. It is highly competitive, rapidly evolving, and fragmented. There are evolving customer requirements and strategies, and frequent introductions of new technologies and new products and services. Many prospective customers have invested substantial resources to implement, and gained substantial familiarity with, competing solutions and therefore may be reluctant or unwilling to migrate from their current solution to ours. Many prospective customers may not appreciate differences in quality between our products and services and those of lower-priced competitors, and many prospective and current customers may not learn the best ways to use our products and services, making them less likely to subscribe to them or renew their subscriptions. New technologies and products may be or become better or more attractive to current or prospective customers than our products and services in one or more ways. Many current or prospective customers may find competing products or services more attractive if we do not keep pace with market innovation or changes in response to COVID-19, and many may choose or switch to competing products even if we do our best to innovate and provide superior products and services. 

These risks could be exacerbated by weak economic conditions and lower customer spending on sales and marketing. Weakened economic conditions could also disproportionately increase the likelihood that any given current or prospective customer would choose a lower-price alternative even if our products or services were superior, or would not renew existing subscriptions. Some current and potential customers, particularly large organizations, have elected in the past, and may in the future elect, to rely on internal and home-grown databases, develop, or acquire their own software, programs, tools, and internal data quality teams that would reduce or eliminate the demand for our products and services. If demand for our platform declines for any of these or other reasons, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

**_16. Our Company had restated losses in Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022 and in the three months ended June 30, 2021. Any restated loss in future periods could adversely affect our operations and financial conditions and the trading price of our Equity Shares._** 

In Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022 and in the three months ended June 30, 2021, our Company had restated loss for the year / period of ₹ 540,328.37 thousand, ₹ 53,476.60 thousand, ₹ 48,376.71 thousand and ₹ 7,202.04 thousand, respectively. This was primarily on account of fair value loss on compulsorily convertible preference shares measured at fair value in Fiscal 2020 and substantial expenses that we incurred to grow our platform and our overall operations. While we had restated profit for the period of ₹ 8,359.42 thousand in the three months ended June 30, 2022, any losses in future periods could adversely affect our operations and financial conditions and the trading price of our Equity Shares. For further information, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 191. 

**_17. We do not have any insurance coverage for our systems and operations. Further, our insurance coverage could prove inadequate to satisfy potential claims or protect us from potential operational hazards and losses which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We have obtained a health insurance policy for our employees. Further, we have obtained a directors and officers’ liability insurance. We have also obtained a public offering of securities insurance. Also, see “ _Our Business – Insurance_ ” on page 156. However, there can be no assurance that our current insurance policies will insure us fully against all risks and losses that may arise in the future. Further, there can be no assurance that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time. 

We are subject to numerous obligations in our contracts with customers using our platform and services, as well as vendors and other entities with whom we do business. We may breach these commitments, whether through a weakness in our procedures, systems, and internal controls, negligence, or through the wilful act of an employee 

37 

or contractor. Our lack of insurance or existing insurance policies may be inadequate to compensate us for the potentially significant losses that may result from claims arising from breaches of our contracts, as well as disruptions in our services, failures or disruptions to our infrastructure, catastrophic events and disasters, or otherwise. In addition, our insurance may not cover all claims made against us, and defending a suit, regardless of its merit, could be costly and divert management’s attention. Further, such insurance may not be available to us in the future on economically reasonable terms, or at all. While we have not experienced any instances where claims have exceeded our insurance coverage in the past, we cannot assure you that this will not occur in the future. 

Our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from fire, flood, power loss, security breaches, computer viruses, telecommunications failure, terrorist attacks, acts of war, electronic and physical break-ins, earthquakes, and similar events. The occurrence of any of the foregoing events could result in damage to or failure of our systems and hardware. However, we do not have any insurance for our systems and operations. 

In cases where certain loss or damages are not covered under our insurance policies, or even if such losses are insured, we are required to pay a significant deductible on any claim for recovery of such a loss, or the amount of the loss may exceed our coverage for the loss or the premium charged is significantly increased, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. In addition, our insurance policies are subject to annual review, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to renew these policies on similar or otherwise acceptable terms, or at all. If we were to incur a serious uninsured loss or a loss that significantly exceeds the limits of our insurance policies, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_18. If we fail to maintain and improve our methods and technologies, or anticipate new methods or technologies, for data collection, organization and curation, competing products and services could surpass ours in depth, breadth, or accuracy of our data or in other respects._** 

Current or future competitors may seek to develop new methods and technologies for more efficiently gathering, cataloguing, updating or analysing business information, which could allow a competitor to create a product comparable or superior to ours, or that takes substantial market share from us, or that creates or maintains databases at a lower cost that we experience. We can expect continuous improvements in computer hardware, network operating systems, programming tools, programming languages, operating systems, data matching, data filtering, data predicting, artificial intelligence and machine learning systems and other database technologies and the use of the internet. These improvements, as well as changes in customer preferences or regulatory requirements, may require changes in the technology used to gather and process our data. 

Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to internally develop and implement new and competitive technologies, use leading third-party technologies effectively and respond to advances in data collection, cataloguing and curating private market information. If we fail to respond to changes in data technology competitors may be able to develop products and services that will take market share from us, and the demand for our products and services, the delivery of our products and services, or our market reputation could be adversely affected. 

**_19. We are dependent on our Key Management Personnel and our senior management, and the loss of or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are dependent upon the collective services of our Key Management Personnel and of all the members of our Company’s senior management team, including, among others, our Promoters, who oversee our day-to-day operations, strategy and growth of our business. The loss of or inability to attract or retain, the services of any of these persons or several of these persons could have an adverse effect on our business. In particular, the expertise, experience and services of Neha Singh and Abhishek Goyal, our Promoters and Executive Directors and other members of our senior management team, including our Key Management Personnel helps us to execute our growth strategy and have been integral to our business. For instance, the practical experience of our Promoters in the private markets industry has been key in our ability to conceptualise features and products which are of considerable utility to our customers in the field of financial services. For further information, see “ _Our Management_ ” on page 167. If one or more of these Key Management Personnel or members of our senior management team are unwilling or unable to continue in their present positions, we may not be able to replace them with persons of comparable skill and expertise promptly or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial results and prospects. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee 

38 

compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting senior management personnel that our business requires. Moreover, we may be required to substantially increase the number of our senior management team in connection with any future growth plans, and we may face difficulties in doing so due to the competition and paucity in the industry for such personnel. Our failure to hire or retain senior management personnel could materially impair our ability to implement any plan for growth and expansion. 

# **_20. We have experienced rapid growth in recent periods and our recent growth rates may not be indicative of our future growth._** 

We have experienced rapid growth in recent periods. Our revenue from operations have grown at a CAGR of 30.37% from ₹ 373,342.21 thousand in Fiscal 2020 to ₹ 634,535.12 thousand in Fiscal 2022, and was ₹ 184,044.95  thousand in the three months ended June 30, 2022. In future periods, we may not be able to sustain revenue growth consistent with previous periods, or at all. Further, as we operate in a new and rapidly changing industry, widespread acceptance and use of our platform is critical to our future growth and success. Our revenue growth depends on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, our ability to attract new users and customers; provide quality customer experience; maintain the security and reliability of our platform; expand usage within customers on our platform; achieve widespread acceptance and use of our platform; adequately expand our sales and marketing team; expand features and capabilities of our platform, including through the creation and use of additional integrations; comply with existing and new applicable laws and regulations and price our service effectively so that we are able to attract and retain customers without compromising our profitability. 

If we are unable to accomplish any of these tasks, our business and results of operation may be adversely affected. We have also encountered in the past, and expect to encounter in the future, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies in evolving industries. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties, which we use to plan and operate our business, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our growth may be adversely impacted and our business, financial condition and results of operation would suffer. 

# **_21. Our business, results of operations and our financial condition may be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and such impact could be materially adverse and continue for an unknown period of time._** 

The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted the economy and put unprecedented strains on governments, health care systems, educational institutions, businesses, and individuals around the world. The impact and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic are difficult to assess or predict. It is even more difficult to predict the impact on the global economic market, which will depend upon the actions taken by governments, businesses, and other enterprises in response to the pandemic. The pandemic has already caused, and is likely to result in further, significant disruption of global financial markets and economic uncertainty. Adverse market conditions resulting from the spread of COVID-19 could materially adversely affect our business and the value of our Equity Shares. 

Our customers or potential customers, particularly in industries most impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic may reduce their technology spending or spending on private market information services offerings or delay their M&A or other strategic initiatives, which could materially and adversely impact our business. Further, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we may experience slowed growth or decline in new customer demand for our platform and lower demand from our existing customers for upgrades within our platform, as well as existing and potential customers reducing or delaying purchasing decisions. Our rental expense reduced from ₹ 41,374.10 thousand in Fiscal 2020 to ₹ 22,877.16 thousand in Fiscal 2021, to ₹ 12,110.00 thousand in Fiscal 2022, and was ₹ 3,465.00 thousand in the three months ended June 30, 2022; our power and fuel cost decreased from ₹ 2,965.20 thousand in Fiscal 2020 to ₹ 569.71 thousand in Fiscal 2021, to nil in Fiscal 2022 and was nil in the three months ended June 30, 2022, as our employees started working remotely. Although our revenue from operations increased from ₹ 373,342.21 thousand in Fiscal 2020 to ₹ 437,786.71 thousand in Fiscal 2021 to ₹ 634,535.12 thousand in Fiscal 2022, and were ₹ 184,044.95  thousand in the three months ended June 30, 2022, there can be no assurance that we will continue to witness sustained growth and reduction in our operating expenses. 

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have temporarily reduced substantial capacity at our office, enabled our employees to work remotely, implemented travel restrictions for all non-essential business, and shifted company events to virtual-only experiences, and we may deem it advisable to similarly alter, postpone, or cancel additional events in the future. If the COVID-19 pandemic worsens, our business activities could be adversely affected if our employees or their family members experience health issues, and we experience potential delays in hiring and on-boarding of new employees. We may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required by local, state, or central government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of 

39 

our employees. Such measures could negatively affect our sales and marketing efforts, sales cycles, employee productivity, or customer retention, any of which could harm our financial condition and business operations. Recently, between March and May 2021, due to an increase in the number of daily COVID-19 cases, several state governments in India re-imposed lockdowns, curfews and other restrictions to curb the spread of the virus. As a result of the detection of new strains and subsequent waves of COVID-19 infections in several states in India as well as throughout various parts of the world, we may be subject to further reinstatements of lockdown protocols or other restrictions, which may adversely affect our business operations. Given the rapidly changing implications of the spread of COVID-19, it is difficult to assess its impact on our business and results of operations at this time and we may not be able to quantify or accurately predict such impact. 

The COVID-19 pandemic could cause our third-party cloud servers and cloud computing platform providers, which are critical to our infrastructure, to shut down their business, experience security incidents that impact our business, disrupt performance or delivery of services, or experience interference with the supply chain of hardware required by their systems and services, any of which could materially adversely affect our business. Further, the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in our employees and those of many of our customers working from home and conducting work _via_ the internet, and if the network and infrastructure of internet providers becomes overburdened by increased usage or is otherwise unreliable or unavailable, our employees’, and our customers’ employees’, access to the internet to conduct business could be negatively impacted. Limitations on access or disruptions to services provided by or to some of our customers upon which our platform and business operations relies, could interrupt our ability to provide our platform, decrease the productivity of our workforce, and significantly harm our business operations, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our platform and the other systems or networks used in our business may experience an increase in attempted cyber-attacks, targeted intrusion, ransomware, and phishing campaigns seeking to take advantage of shifts to employees working remotely using their household or personal internet networks and to leverage fears promulgated by the COVID-19 pandemic. The success of any of these unauthorized attempts could substantially impact our platform, the proprietary and other confidential data contained therein or otherwise stored or processed in our operations, and ultimately our business. Any actual or perceived security incident also may cause us to incur increased expenses to improve our security controls and to remediate security vulnerabilities. 

The extent and continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business will depend on certain developments, including: the duration and spread of any outbreak; government responses to the pandemic; the impact on our customers; the impact on industry; all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. Because of our subscription-based business model, any effect of the COVID-19 pandemic may not be fully reflected in our results of operations and overall financial condition until future periods. 

# **_22. Wage pressures in India may prevent us from sustaining our competitive advantage and may reduce our revenue._** 

Employee benefit expenses, which typically include salaries, wages, bonus and incentives, contribution to provident and other funds, gratuity expenses and staff welfare expenses represent the largest annual expense for us, and our ability to maintain or reduce such costs is critical for our business operations. Employee benefit expenses were ₹ 512,792.12 thousand, ₹ 538,130.90 thousand, ₹ 585,710.25 thousand, ₹ 142,648.91 thousand and ₹ 161,703.66 thousand, and constituted 84.98%, 88.09%, 89.40%, 91.24%  and 88.63% of our total expenses in Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022, and in the three months ended June 30, 2021 and 2022, respectively. We may need to continue to increase the levels of our employee compensation to remain competitive and manage attrition, and consequently we may need to increase the prices of our services. An increase in wages and salaries paid to our employees may result in a material adverse effect on our revenue in the event that we are unable to pass on such increased expenditure to our customers without losing their business to our competitors. Additionally, any new regulation or law requiring us to increase the retirement benefits that we offer to our employees may increase our expenses. Likewise, if we are unable to sustain or increase the number of employees as necessary to meet growing demand, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. 

# **_23. If the market for our private market data platform develops more slowly than we expect, our growth may slow down or stall, and it could result in decreased revenue and our business could be adversely affected._** 

The market for collection, curation, management and analytics of private market information through a platform is relatively new and rapidly evolving. Our future success will depend in large part on our ability to penetrate the existing market for private market data, as well as the continued growth and expansion of that market. We may also be impacted if our existing market were to decline. It is difficult to predict customer adoption and renewals 

40 

of our subscriptions, customer demand for our platform, the size, growth rate and expansion of this market, the entry of competitive products or the success of existing competitive products. Our ability to penetrate the existing market for private market data through our technology and analytics platforms and any expansion of that market depends on a number of factors, including the cost, performance and perceived value associated with our platform, our ability to conceptualise and demonstrate use cases which make our platform relevant to new types of customers, as well as potential customers’ willingness to adopt an alternative approach to data collection and processing, quality of the data that we collect and curate and the extent and coverage of the data we collate. Furthermore, many potential customers have made significant investments in legacy data collection and processing software and may be unwilling to invest in new solutions. If platforms for data collection, curation and management do not achieve widespread adoption, or there is a reduction in demand caused by a lack of customer acceptance, technological challenges, weakening economic conditions, security or privacy concerns, competing technologies and products, decreases in corporate spending or otherwise, it could result in decreased revenue and our business could be adversely affected. 

# **_24. Our customers or unauthorized parties could use our platform in a manner that is contrary to our values or applicable law, which could harm our relationships with our customers or expose us to litigation or harm our reputation._** 

As our data includes various information points on companies, our platform and data could be misused by customers, or by parties who have obtained access to our data without authorization, to contact companies and their key personnel to harass or annoy individuals or to perpetrate scams. While there have not been any instances in the past of misuse of information available on our platform that have led to litigation or adversely impacted our reputation or brand, we cannot assure you that this will be the case in the future. Our customers could use our platform and the data for purposes beyond the scope of their contractual terms or applicable laws or regulations. We may also be subject to litigation on account of our customers misusing data contained on our platform. In addition, third parties could gain access to our data or our platform through our customers or through malfeasance or cyber-attacks and use our platform and data for purposes other than its intended purpose or to create products that compete with our platform. Our customers’ or unauthorised parties’ misuse of our data, inconsistent with its permitted use, could result in reputational damage, adversely affect our ability to attract new customers and cause existing customers to reduce or discontinue the use of our platform, any of which could harm our business and operating results. 

Our brand may be negatively affected by the actions of persons using our platform that are hostile or inappropriate, by the use of our products or services to disseminate information that is misleading (or intended to manipulate opinions), or by the use of our products or services for illicit, objectionable, or illegal ends. Further, we may fail to respond expeditiously or appropriately to the sharing of our platform and data, or to otherwise address customer and individual concerns, which could erode confidence in our business, thereby adversely impacting our financial condition and results of operation. 

# **_25. If we do not effectively hire, retain, train and oversee our direct sales force, we may be unable to add new customers or increase sales to our existing customers, and our business may be adversely affected._** 

We continue to be substantially dependent on our direct sales force to obtain new customers and increase sales with existing customers. There is significant competition for sales personnel with the skills and technical knowledge that we require. Our ability to achieve significant revenue growth will depend, in large part, on our success in recruiting, training and retaining sufficient numbers of sales personnel to support our growth, particularly in international markets. In addition, a significant percentage of our sales force is new to our Company and 64.25% of our sales team, as of June 30, 2022, has joined our Company during the preceding 12 months. New hires require significant training and may take significant time before they achieve full productivity. Our recent hires and planned hires may not become productive as quickly as we expect, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals in the markets where we do business or plan to do business. Further, the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may impact our ability to hire a sufficient number of sales personnel, or train them in the manner we consider appropriate. In addition, growth of our direct sales force leads to increasing difficulty and complexity in its organization, management and leadership, at which we may prove unsuccessful. If we are unable to hire and train a sufficient number of effective sales personnel, we are ineffective at overseeing a growing sales force, or the sales personnel we hire are otherwise unsuccessful in obtaining new customers or increasing sales to our existing customer base, our business will be adversely affected. 

# **_26. Real or perceived errors, failures, vulnerabilities, or bugs in our platform could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition._** 

41 

The technology underlying our platform is inherently complex and may contain material defects or errors, particularly when new features, integrations, or capabilities are released. In addition, our platform employs open source software and to the extent that our platform depends upon the successful operation of open source software, any undetected errors or defects in this open source software could impair the functionality of our platform. Errors, failures, vulnerabilities, or bugs have in the past, and may in the future, occur in our platform, especially when updates are deployed or new features, integrations, or capabilities are rolled out. Any such errors, failures, vulnerabilities, or bugs may not be found until after new features, integrations, or capabilities have been released to customers. Real or perceived errors, failures, vulnerabilities, or bugs in our platform could result in negative publicity, loss of data, loss of or delay in market acceptance of our platform, loss of competitive position, regulatory fines or claims by our customers for losses sustained by them as a result of using our platform and services, all of which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

# **_27. We may be unable to successfully protect our intellectual property rights from being infringed by others, including competitors._** 

We have obtained 12 registrations for trademarks, including ‘ _Minicorn_ ’, ‘ _Soonicorn_ ’, ‘ _Tracxn_ ’ and ‘ _Tracxn.com_ ’ under various classes in India, as on June 30, 2022. However, we cannot guarantee that any of our pending trademark applications will be approved by the applicable governmental authorities or that it will not be abandoned. 

We protect our intellectual property in India through a combination of trademark statutes and laws and contract provisions. Our intellectual property is not limited to the trademarks we have registered but also includes our proprietary and in-house developed algorithms we use for our platform and the databases of information we maintain. Our employees are prohibited by the terms of their employment letters from disclosing confidential information, including proprietary information, to any person during or after their employment with us. However, there may still be instances where our employees may breach the terms of their agreements. Further, we retain ownership of all work product of our executives produced during the terms of their employment with us. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary information by using automatic defense mechanisms built on our system, third parties may be able to obtain and use our proprietary information without authorization or to develop similar technology independently. Policing unauthorized use of our intellectual property is often difficult and the steps taken may not be sufficient to prevent the infringement by unauthorized third parties of our intellectual property. 

We have registered domain names including tracxn.com, tracxn.in, tracxn.co, tracxn.us and tracxn.net among others, and have legal rights over the domain name for the period for which such domain names are registered. The acquisition and maintenance of domain names are generally regulated by internet regulatory bodies, which may modify their regulatory policies and the requirements for the holding of domain names. We may, therefore, be unable to obtain or maintain registration of relevant domain names in which we may propose to undertake business operations in the future. We may also face additional difficulties in expanding into any other country and may have to expend considerable time and other resources to obtain domain name registration in such countries. Any delay in acquiring our preferred domain names may provide our competitors the opportunity to obtain such domain names. We may be unable to prevent competitors from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon or otherwise decrease the value of, our trademarks and other proprietary rights. We cannot assure you that our business strategy of creating a strong brand and reputation will be successful if we are unable to protect our domain names and trademarks and any such failure may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Our failure to protect our intellectual property rights in a meaningful manner or challenges to related contractual rights could result in erosion of brand value and limit our ability to control marketing on or through the internet using our various domain names or otherwise, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights and protect our branding and reputation. Any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management and technical resources, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If the outcome of any such legal proceedings is adverse to us, we may not be able to adequately protect our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business operations. 

Further, the mark ‘ _Tracxn_ ’ may be registered in other jurisdictions and we could therefore, be prevented from leveraging our brand in other jurisdictions where we intend to market our platform and services. Any such limitation, restriction or prohibition could require us to re-brand our platform in such jurisdictions or expend 

42 

additional resources to acquire the brand from third parties in such jurisdictions. All or any of such actions could have a material adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition and results of operation. 

**_28. We may in the future be subject to intellectual property rights claims by third parties, which are extremely costly to defend, could require us to pay significant damages and could limit our ability to use certain technologies._** 

Companies in the software and technology industries, including some of our current and potential competitors, own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. In addition, many of these companies have the capability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights and to defend claims that may be brought against them. From time-to-time, third parties, including certain other companies, have asserted and may assert patent, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights against us, our partners or our customers. 

There may be third-party intellectual property rights that cover significant aspects of our technologies, the technologies in our platform or business methods. We may be exposed to increased risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement claims as a result of acquisitions and our incorporation of open source software into our platform, as, among other things, we have a lower level of visibility into the development process with respect to such technology or the care taken to safeguard against infringement risks. While we have not faced any past instances of intellectual property infringement claims that have had an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition, we cannot assure you that this will be the case in the future. Any intellectual property claims, with or without merit, could be very time-consuming, could be expensive to settle or litigate and could divert our management’s attention and other resources. These claims could also subject us to significant liability for damages if we are found to have wilfully infringed intellectual property rights. These claims could also result in our having to stop using, distributing or supporting technology found to be in violation of a third party’s rights. We might be required to seek a license for the intellectual property, which may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. Even if a license were available, we could be required to pay significant royalties, which would increase our operating expenses. As a result, we may be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology, which could require significant effort and expense. If we cannot license or develop technology for any infringing aspect of our business, we could be forced to limit or stop sales of our offerings and may be unable to compete effectively. Any of these results could adversely affect our business operations and financial results. 

As the numbers of products and competitors in our industry increase and overlaps occur, claims of infringement, misappropriation and other violations of intellectual property rights may increase which could adversely affect our business, results of operation and financial condition. 

# **_29. Interruptions or delays in the services provided by third-party cloud servers or internet service providers could impair the ability of our platform to operate and our business could suffer._** 

We currently host our platform and data that we provide to customers on third-party cloud servers. We also rely on the internet and, accordingly, depend upon the continuous, reliable, and secure operation of internet servers, related hardware and software, and network infrastructure. Our operations depend on protecting the virtual cloud infrastructure hosted by third parties maintaining their configuration, architecture, and interconnection specifications, as well as the information stored in these cloud servers and which third-party internet service providers transmit. Furthermore, we have no physical access or control over the services provided by such third party cloud service providers. The cloud servers that we utilize are vulnerable to damage or interruption from human error, intentional bad acts, earthquakes, floods, fires, severe storms, war, terrorist attacks, power losses, hardware failures, systems failures, telecommunications failures, and similar events, many of which are beyond our control, any of which could disrupt our service, destroy user content, or prevent us from being able to continuously back up or record changes in our users’ content. In the event of significant physical damage to one of these cloud servers, it may take a significant period of time to achieve full resumption of our services, and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities. Further, a prolonged service disruption affecting our platform for any of the foregoing reasons could damage our reputation with current and potential customers, expose us to liability or cause us to lose customers, or otherwise harm our business. We may also incur significant costs for using alternative equipment or taking other actions in preparation for, or in reaction to, events that damage the cloud infrastructure services we use. Damage or interruptions to these cloud servers could harm our business. We may not carry sufficient business interruption insurance to compensate us for losses that may occur as a result of any events that cause interruptions in our platform and our service. 

43 

These third party service providers enable us to order and reserve server capacity in varying amounts and sizes and also provide us with computing and storage capacity pursuant to an agreement that continues until terminated by either party. In some cases, they may terminate the agreement for cause upon 30 days’ notice. Termination of these agreements may harm our ability to access cloud servers we need to host our platform or to do so on favourable terms. As we continue to expand the number of Users and Customer Accounts on our platform, we may not be able to scale our technology to accommodate the increased capacity requirements, which may result in interruptions or delays in providing data. In addition, the failure of cloud servers or third-party internet service providers to meet our capacity requirements could result in interruptions or delays in access to our platform or impede our ability to scale our operations. In the event that our service agreements are terminated, or there is a lapse of service, interruption of internet service provider connectivity or damage to such facilities, we could experience interruptions in access to our platform as well as delays and additional expense in arranging new facilities and services. 

# **_30. If our third-party service providers and key vendors are not able to or do not fulfil their service obligations, it could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We depend on a number of third-party service providers and key vendors, such as software vendors, outsourced hosting providers and software maintenance providers who are critical to our operations. These service providers and vendors are involved in our offerings and software and related support and maintenance. Our operations could be disrupted if we do not successfully manage relationships with our service providers, if they do not perform or are unable to perform agreed-upon services, or if they are unwilling to make their services available to us at reasonable prices. If our service providers and vendors do not perform their service obligations, it could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_31. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to successfully manage or accurately report our financial risk._** 

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to prepare reliable financial reports and effectively avoid fraud. Moreover, any internal controls that we may implement, or our level of compliance with such controls, may deteriorate over time, due to evolving business conditions. If internal control weaknesses are identified, our actions may not be sufficient to correct such internal control weaknesses. For example, there have been instances where external third parties have reached out to our employees seeking data from our platform in exchange for monetary benefits. However, we believe that there have been no instances where our employees have shared the data requested and have reported such instances to relevant department as per our Company’s policies. There can be no assurance that additional deficiencies in our internal controls will not arise in the future, or that we will be able to implement and continue to maintain adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls. Such instances may also adversely affect our reputation, thereby adversely impacting our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_32. Negative publicity and allegations involving us, our shareholders, directors, officers and employees may affect our reputation and, as a result, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be negatively affected._** 

We, our shareholders, directors, officers and employees may be subject to negative media coverage and publicity from time to time. Such negative coverage in the media and publicity could change market perception that we are a trustworthy service provider. In addition, to the extent our employees were non-compliant with any laws or regulations, we may also suffer negative publicity or harm to our reputation. As a result, we may be required to spend significant time and incur substantial costs in response to allegations and negative publicity, and may not be able to diffuse them to the satisfaction of our investors and customers. 

# **_33. We may be unable to maintain or renew our statutory and regulatory permits, licences and approvals required to operate our business._** 

Our failure to obtain and maintain requisite approvals, licenses or permits applicable to our business or any changes in government policies or regulations may have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition and operational results. Our business and operation has been subject to extensive regulations. We are required to obtain and maintain applicable licenses, permits and approvals from different regulatory authorities in order to conduct our existing or future business in connection with provision of services. For further information, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 295. Government authorities may continue to pass new rules regulating such business and we may be required to obtain additional licenses, permits or approvals so that we 

44 

can continue to operate our existing or future businesses or otherwise prohibit our operation of the types of businesses to which the new requirements apply. In addition, new regulations or new interpretations of existing regulations may increase our costs of doing business and prevent us from efficiently delivering services and expose us to potential penalties and fines. Lastly, our existing licenses may expire without proper renewal or be revoked due to violations of relevant licensure maintenance requirements. If any of our operations is deemed by governmental authorities to be operating without appropriate permits and licenses or outside of their authorized scopes of business or otherwise fail to comply with relevant laws and regulations, we may be subject to penalties and our business, financial condition, and results of operation may be materially and adversely affected. 

**_34. There are outstanding litigation proceedings against our Company and Directors. Any adverse outcome in such proceedings may have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings against our Company and Directors, which are pending at various levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and other authorities. Below is a summary of outstanding matters involving our Company and Directors: 

|||||||_(₹ in thousand)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Category of**<br>**individuals /**<br>**entities**<br> <br>|**Criminal**<br>**Proceedings**<br>|**Tax**<br>**Proceedings**<br>|**Statutory or**<br>**Regulatory**<br>**Proceedings**<br>**_Company_**<br>|**Disciplinary actions by**<br>**SEBI or Stock**<br>**Exchanges against our**<br>**Promoters in the last**<br>**five years, including**<br>**outstanding action**<br>|**Material**<br>**civil**<br>**litigation**<sup>**#**</sup><br>|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**<br>**involved* (₹**<br>**in thousand)**<br>|
|By<br>the<br>Company|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against<br>the<br>|Nil|1|Nil|Nil|Nil|3,179.04|
|Company|||||||
|<br>|||**_Directors_**<br>||||
|By<br>the<br>Directors|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against<br>the|Nil|1|Nil|Nil|Nil|137.98|
|Directors|||||||
||||**_Promoters_**||||
|By<br>the<br>Promoters|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against<br>the|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Promoters|||||||
|<br> <br>|||**_Subsidiaries_**<br>|<br>|||
|By<br>the<br>Subsidiaries|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|
|Against<br>the<br>Subsidiaries|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|Nil|



_# Determined in accordance with the Materiality Policy._ * _To the extent quantifiable._ 

There can be no assurance that these legal proceedings will be decided in favour of our Company or our Directors. In addition, we cannot assure you that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings that could divert our management’s time and attention and consume financial resources. Any adverse order or direction in these cases by the concerned authorities even though not quantifiable, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For further information, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 291. 

If a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_35. We may not be successful in implementing our growth strategies._** 

To remain competitive, we have to grow our business by increasing the number of Customer Accounts and Users in existing and newer geographies within such customers that use our platform, include coverage of new sectors and geographies and expand into adjacent customer segments. Our success in implementing our growth strategies may be affected by our ability to grow our Customer Account base, continued growth in demand for our services, our ability to grow our brand and increasing awareness of the ‘ _Tracxn_ ’ brand, our ability to compete effectively 

45 

with existing and future competitors, our ability to increase our subscription fees, our ability to successfully adapt to technological changes and developments, our ability to build and maintain IT infrastructure, the general condition of the global and Indian economies, the growth of the internet as a medium for the provision of information and changes in our regulatory environment. 

Many of these factors are beyond our control and there can be no assurance that we will succeed in implementing our growth strategies. If we are not successful, our business, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. 

Any growth we experience may place significant demands on our operational infrastructure. The scalability and flexibility of our platform depends on the functionality of our technology and network infrastructure and our ability to handle increased traffic and demand for bandwidth. Growth in the number of subscriptions on our platform may increase the amount of data we process. Any problems with the transmission of such increased data could result in harm to our brand or reputation. Moreover, as our business grows, we will need to devote additional resources to improving our operational infrastructure and continuing to enhance our scalability in order to maintain the performance of our platform. 

While we continue to expand our business, there is no assurance that our revenue will continue to grow. We are likely to recognize the costs associated with these investments earlier than some of the anticipated benefits, and the return on these investments may be lower or may develop more slowly than we expect. Unless our growth results in an increase in our revenues that is proportionate to, or greater than, the increase in our costs associated with this growth, our profitability may be adversely affected. 

**_36. Action by governments outside India to restrict access to our platforms in their countries or to require us to disclose or provide access to information in our possession could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition._** 

Our platform depends on the ability of our customers to access the internet and our platform could be blocked or restricted in some countries for various reasons. Further, it is possible that governments of one or more foreign countries may seek to limit access to or certain features of our platform in their countries, or impose other restrictions that may affect the availability of our platforms, or certain features of our platform, in their countries for an extended period of time or indefinitely. In addition, governments in certain countries may seek to restrict or prohibit access to our platform if they consider us to be in violation of their laws (including privacy laws) and may require us to disclose or provide access to information in our possession. If we fail to anticipate developments in the law or fail for any reason to comply with relevant law, our platforms could be further blocked or restricted and we could be exposed to significant liability that could harm our business. In the event that access to our platform is restricted, in whole or in part, in one or more countries or our competitors are able to successfully penetrate geographic markets that we cannot access, our ability to add new customers or renew or grow the subscriptions of existing customers may be adversely affected, we may not be able to maintain or grow our revenue as anticipated and our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

**_37. We are subject to an extensive regulatory framework and a failure to comply with existing laws and regulations and any changes to the regulations applicable to us may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects._** 

We are subject to a broad range of laws, rules and regulations, including the IT Act and rules made thereunder, governing several aspects of our business and operations. In particular, we are required to comply with certain requirements including in respect of information available on our platform and ensuring that we do not knowingly host or publish prohibited or offending information including, among others, information that infringes intellectual property rights or violates any law in force, contains viruses or threatens the security or sovereignty of India. If we fail to comply with the provisions of the IT Act and the rules made thereunder, we may be subject to significant penalties, including fines and imprisonment. 

In addition, we are also required to comply with various other regulations and laws. Furthermore, any future regulation or restriction calling activity in India may also increase our operational costs. We are also subject to several other laws and regulations, including the Companies Act, 2013, which substantially governs our operations, including in respect of issuance of securities, calling of and conducting meetings of our Board and shareholders as well as entering into related party transactions. Any non-compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013, may result in imposition of significant fines on us, which may have a negative impact on our business and financial condition. 

46 

Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. For instance, the Supreme Court of India has in a decision clarified the components of basic wages which need to be considered by companies while making provident fund payments, which resulted in an increase in the provident fund payments to be made by companies. Any such decisions in future or any further changes in interpretation of laws may have an impact on our results of operations. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

In addition, in the event that we are unable to comply with applicable laws in the future, we may be subject to fines, penalties or other prosecution proceedings, which may negatively affect our brand, reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_38. Prolonged volatility or downturns affecting the financial sector, global financial markets, private equity markets, and the global economy may impact our business and financial condition._** 

Our business results are partly driven by factors outside of our control, including general economic and financial market trends. Any unfavourable changes in the market environment in which we operate could cause a corresponding negative effect on our business results. As a result, we may experience lower revenue, operating income, and other financial results in the event of a market downturn. There is currently uncertainty regarding the duration and long-term economic and societal consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as the effects of unprecedented levels of fiscal and monetary stimulus, which may cause customers to modify spending decisions. 

Further, a reduction or slowdown in funding activities by our customers or the overall general economic environment could also impact their decision to use or subscribe to our platform. Consolidation in the financial services sector may also reduce the number of potential customers for our platform and services. These trends could impact demand for our products and services or change the financial services landscape in which we operate. Our business may also be subject to cyclical trends specific to the private capital markets. Many of our customers are investment banks and other participants in the capital and M&A markets, which are subject to periodic business downturns driven by changes in such markets. During these downturns, they often seek to reduce spending on third-party services, which would directly affect the number of prospective customers for our platform. In addition, limited partners, sovereign wealth funds, hedge funds and other funds could reduce their allocation towards private markets as an asset class which may result in lower interest for our platform and services. As a data provider focusing on the private markets (including venture capital, private equity, and M&A), we may also be subject to volatility based on the amount of activity and market interest in these areas. Any sustained downturn in these sectors or in the global markets could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_39. Our Statutory Auditor has included certain emphasis of matters in our Restated Financial Information._** 

Our Statutory Auditors have included certain emphasis of matters in relation to our Company in our Restated Financial Information: 

- Annexure V - Note 10(b)(v) to the Restated Financial Information regarding the accounting treatment of certain compulsorily convertible cumulative preference shares (“ **CCPS** ”) aggregating to ₹ 6,927.96 thousand and securities premium thereon aggregating to ₹ 1,006,867.95 thousand presented as other financial liabilities of ₹ 1,691,670.06 thousand after fair valuation, for the year ended March 31, 2020 in accordance with Ind AS 32 ‘Financial Instruments: Presentation’. Such accounting treatment is not in accordance with the provisions of section 2(64) and section 43 read with Schedule III and section 52 of the Act, which requires the aggregate amount received on those shares shall be transferred to ‘Preference share capital’ and ‘Securities Premium account’. Subsequently, shareholders' agreement was amended on March 30, 2021 with such preference shareholders agreeing to irrevocably revoke/ waive the buyback rights. From such date of the revision in Shareholders' Agreement, the said CCPS in their entirety meet the definition of an equity instrument and accordingly, other financial liabilities as at March 30, 2021 (including CCPS aggregating to ₹ 1,873.77 thousand issued during December 2020) have been remeasured and reclassified as equity of ₹ 6,934.30 thousand, securities premium of ₹ 1,008,735.38 thousand and retained earnings of ₹ 573,239.67 thousand, after adjusting for fair market value gain of ₹ 104,634.48 thousand for the period 

47 

April 1, 2020 to March 30, 2021, in accordance with Ind AS 32. The resultant disclosure of equity and securities premium is in accordance with section 2(64), section 43 and section 52 of the Act from March 30, 2021 onwards. 

- Annexure V – Note 34 to the Restated Financial Information which explains the uncertainties and the management’s assessment of the financial impact due to the lockdown and other restrictions and conditions related to the COVID-19 pandemic situation, for which a definitive assessment of the impact in the subsequent period is highly dependent upon circumstances as they evolve. 

- In addition to the Emphasis of Matters referred to in paragraph 14(i) and 14(ii) above, the auditor’s reports issued by us dated December 2, 2021 on the Special Purpose Financial Statements for the year ended March 31, 2020 includes following additional Emphasis of Matter paragraphs (also refer Annexure V- Note 2.1 to the Restated Financial Information) 

We draw your attention to the following: 

# (a) Basis of preparation: 

- (i) Note 2.1 to the Special Purpose Financial Statements which describes that the Special Purpose Financial Statements have been prepared only to assist the Company in preparing the restated financial information to be included in Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus in connection with the Proposed Initial Public Offering of Equity Shares of the Company, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange of India Limited and the Registrar of Companies, Karnataka. The comparative financial information has not been included as the same is not considered relevant for the intended purpose of preparation of the Special Purpose Financial Statements as fully described in the aforesaid note. As a result, the Special Purpose Financial Statements may not be suitable for any other purpose. 

- (ii) Note 2.1 to the Special Purpose Financial Statements which describes the basis of accounting. The Special Purpose Financial Statements are not the statutory financial statements of the Company, and are not intended to, and do not, comply with the disclosure provisions applicable to statutory financial statements prepared under the Companies Act, 2013. 

The opinion of our Statutory Auditors is not modified in respect of these matters. While these emphasis of matters do not require any adjustments to the Restated Financial Information, there is no assurance that our audit reports for any future fiscal periods will not contain qualifications, matters of emphasis or other observations which could subject us to additional liabilities due to which our reputation and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_40. A statutory committee has issued certain directions against the investors of ANH Technologies Private Limited, in proceedings for sexual harassment involving the employees of such entity, and our Promoter, Abhishek Goyal, is an angel investor therein. Any adverse finding in the matter against our Promoter may affect our business and reputation._** 

<mark>Our Promoter, Abhishek Goyal, is an angel investor in ANH Technologies Private Limited (“</mark> **<mark>ANH</mark>** <mark>”), an employee of which had filed a complaint of sexual harassment against another employee before the Local Committee, Gurugram, constituted under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 (the “</mark> **<mark>Local Committee</mark>** <mark>”).</mark> _<mark>Vide</mark>_ <mark>an order dated May 31, 2021, the Local Committee</mark> _<mark>inter alia</mark>_ <mark>found that investors in ANH had failed to discharge their leadership role by failing to act objectively and supporting the respondent in the matter through their express and implied conduct, and recommended that all investors undergo an intensive training session on the prevention of sexual harassment for a minimum of eight hours, among others. ANH filed a petition before the High Court of Punjab and Haryana, challenging the recommendations of the Local Committee against its investors as being outside its jurisdiction. The High Court,</mark> _<mark>vide</mark>_ <mark>an order dated July 22, 2021, has granted an interim stay on the recommendations of the Local Committee until the next date of hearing.</mark> 

There is no assurance that the proceedings initiated by ANH shall be successful, or that the High Court shall decide the matter in favour of our Promoter. Any adverse finding in the matter against the investors of ANH may have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. 

48 

**_41. Changes in laws, regulations, and public perception concerning data privacy, or changes in the patterns of enforcement of existing laws and regulations, could impact our ability to efficiently gather, process, update, and/or provide some or all of the information we currently provide or the ability of our customers and users to use some or all of our products or services._** 

Our platform relies on the collection and use of private market information to provide effective insights to our customers and users. In recent years, there has been an increase in attention to and regulation of data protection and data privacy across the globe, including the IT Act and the proposed Personal Data Protection Bill, 2019 in India, the United States Federal Trade Commission’s approach to enforcing data privacy in the United States, as well as the enactment of the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“ **GDPR** ”). Other data privacy or data protection laws or regulations are under consideration in other jurisdictions. Laws such as these give rise to an increasingly complex set of compliance obligations on us, as well as on many of our customers. These laws impose restrictions on our ability to gather personal data and provide such personal data to our customers, provide individuals with the ability to opt out of such personal data collection, and impose obligations on our ability to pass data to our customers, as well as place downstream obligations on our customers relating to their use of the information we provide. 

Certain of our activities could be found by a government or regulatory authority to be noncompliant or become noncompliant in the future with one or more data protection or data privacy laws, even if we have implemented and maintained a strategy that we believe to be compliant. New interpretations of existing laws or regulations could be inconsistent with our interpretations (such as our analysis of the extraterritorial applicability of GDPR to us), increase our compliance burden, make it more difficult to comply, and/or increase our risk of regulatory investigations and fines. 

These complex laws may be implemented in a non-uniform way in many jurisdictions around the world and we may not be aware of every development that impacts our business. These laws may also require us to make additional changes to our services in order for us or our customers to comply with such legal requirements and may also increase our potential liability as a result of higher potential penalties for noncompliance. These new or proposed laws and regulations are subject to differing interpretations and may be inconsistent among jurisdictions. These and other legal requirements could reduce our ability to gather personal data used in our products and services. They could reduce demand for our platform and services, require us to take on more onerous obligations in our contracts, restrict our ability to store, transfer and process personal data or, in some cases, impact our ability to deploy our solutions, to reach current and prospective customers, or to derive insights from data globally. 

# **_42. We have certain contingent liabilities that have not been provided for in our financial statements, which if they materialise, may adversely affect our financial condition._** 

As of June 30, 2022, our contingent liabilities that have not been accounted for in our financial statements, were as follows: 

|**Particulars**|**Amount**|
|---|---|
||**(₹ thousand)**|
|**Claims against the company not acknowledged as debt**||
|Income tax matters|3,179.04|
|**Total**|**3,179.04**|



_Notes:_ 

_The Company had issued equity shares in the financial year 2013-14 to certain individuals at a premium for which the Assessing officer had added income in the hands of the Company amounting to ₹ 8,903.37 thousand under Section 56(2)(vii b) of the Income Tax Act, 1961. During the year ended March 31, 2020, the Company has filed an appeal with the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal (ITAT), where the ITAT vide its order dated October 23, 2020 has ruled in the favour of the Company. Pending receipt of revised assessment order from the department, the Company continues to disclose the disputed amount as contingent liability. The amounts disclosed above is including interest. Demand amount is adjusted against refund for the financial year 2017-18 vide order dated September 18, 2019._ 

We have also evaluated the impact of the recent Supreme Court Judgment in case of Vivekananda Vidyamandir and Others v. The Regional Provident Fund Commissioner (II) West Bengal and the related circular (Circular No. C 1/1(33)2019/Vivekananda Vidya Mandir/284) dated March 20, 2019 issued by the Employees' Provident Fund Organisation in relation to non-exclusion of certain allowances from the definition of 'basic wages' of the relevant employees for the purposes of determining contribution to provident fund under the Employees' Provident Funds & Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952, In the assessment of our management, this is not likely to have a significant impact and accordingly, no provision has been made in our Restated Financial Information. 

For further information on our contingent liabilities, see “ _Financial Statements – Annexure V – Note 28_ ” on page 

49 

244. 

If a significant portion of these liabilities materialize, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_43. Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report prepared by F&S, commissioned by and paid for by us for such purpose. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate._** 

We have availed the services of an independent third party research agency, F&S, to prepare an industry report titled “ _Global Information Services Market_ ” dated September 16, 2022, for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Red Herring Prospectus. We have commissioned and paid for this report exclusively for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the global information services market. Although the commissioned report is based on information obtained from sources that we believe is considered reliable, it does not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of such information. These sources are indicated at all relevant places within this section. The Company Commissioned F&S Report highlights certain industry and market data and is subject to various limitations and is based upon certain assumptions that may be subjective in nature. The Company Commissioned F&S Report uses certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. Methodologies and assumptions vary widely among different industry sources. Further, such assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure you that the assumptions made by F&S are correct or will not change and accordingly, our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, the Company Commissioned F&S Report is not a recommendation to invest or divest in the Equity Shares. Prospective investors are advised not to unduly rely on the commissioned report or extracts thereof as included in this Red Herring Prospectus, when making their investment decisions. 

**_44. We have in this Red Herring Prospectus included certain non-GAAP financial and operational measures and certain other industry measures related to our operations and financial performance that may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the SaaS industry. We rely on certain assumptions and estimates to calculate such measures, therefore such measures may not be comparable with financial, operational or industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other similar companies._** 

Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other industry measures relating to our operations and financial performance, such as EBITDA, have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. We compute and disclose such non-GAAP financial and operational measures, and such other industry related statistical and operational information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance, and because such measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and others to evaluate the operational performance of SaaS companies, many of which provide such non-GAAP financial and operational measures, and other industry related statistical and operational information. 

These non-GAAP financial and operational measures, and such other industry related statistical and operational information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial and operational measures, and industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other SaaS companies. 

Such supplemental financial and operational information is therefore of limited utility as an analytical tool, and investors are cautioned against considering such information either in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our Restated Financial Information disclosed elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_45. Our customers may engage in certain transactions in or with countries or persons that are subject to U.S. and other sanctions._** 

U.S. law generally prohibits U.S. persons from directly or indirectly investing or otherwise doing business in or with certain countries that are the subject of comprehensive sanctions and with certain persons or businesses that have been specially designated by the OFAC or other U.S. government agencies. Other governments and international or regional organizations also administer similar economic sanctions. We provide services to our customers, who may be doing business with, or located in, countries to which certain OFAC-administered and other sanctions apply. Although we believe we have compliance systems in place that are sufficient to block 

50 

prohibited transactions, there can be no assurance that we will be able to fully monitor all of our transactions for any potential violation. Although we do not believe that we are in violation of any applicable sanctions, if it were determined that transactions in which we participate violate U.S. or other sanctions, we could be subject to U.S. or other penalties, and our reputation and future business prospects in the United States or with U.S. persons, or in other jurisdictions, could be adversely affected. We rely on our staff to be up-to-date and aware of the latest sanctions in place. Further, investors in the Equity Shares could incur reputational or other risks as the result of our customers’ dealings in or with countries or with persons that are the subject of U.S. sanctions. 

# **_46. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements and capital expenditures._** 

We have not declared or paid dividends in the last three Fiscals. Our Company does not have any formal dividend policy. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by our Board of Directors and approved by our Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act, 2013. We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. Accordingly, realization of a gain on Shareholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. For further information, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 190. 

# **_47. Failure to deal effectively with fraudulent or illegal activities by our employees would adversely affect our business and reputation._** 

Illegal, fraudulent, corrupt or collusive activities or misconduct, whether actual or perceived, by our employees, could subject us to liability or negative publicity. While we have not experienced any past instances of fraud by employees that had an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition, we cannot assure you that this will not happen in the future. Although we have implemented policies and controls with regard to the appropriation of data, review and approval of sales activities, interactions with third parties and government officials and other relevant matters, there can be no assurance that our policies and internal controls will prevent fraud or illegal activity or misconduct by our employees or that similar incidents will not occur in the future. Any illegal, fraudulent, corrupt or collusive activity, misconduct, or perceptions of conflicts of interest and rumours, could severely damage our brand and reputation, even if they are baseless or satisfactorily addressed, which could drive customers, businesses and our partners away from our platform, and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_48. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders._** 

We have entered into transactions with certain related parties, including our Promoters. In particular, we have entered into various transactions with such parties in relation to, amongst others, remuneration, professional fees, and reimbursement of expenses. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, we cannot assure you that we might have obtained more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. Further, it is likely that we may enter into additional related party transactions in the future. Such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. 

The following is the summary of transactions with related parties in Fiscal 2020, 2021 and 2022 and the three months ended June 30, 2021 and 2022, as per the requirements under applicable Accounting Standards i.e., Ind AS 24 read with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. 

||**Related**<br>**parties with**|**Fisca**|**l 2020**|**Fisca**|**l 2021**|**Fisca**|**l 2022**|**Three mo**<br>**June 3**|**nths ended**<br>**0, 2021**|**Three mo**<br>**June 3**|**nths ended**<br>**0, 2022**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Nature of**<br>**Transaction**|<br>**whom**<br>**transactions**<br>**have taken**<br>**place**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**thousand)**|**% of**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operations**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**thousand)**|**% of**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operations**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**thousand)**|**% of**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operations**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**thousand)**|**% of**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operations**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**thousand)**|**% of**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operations**|
|Short<br>Term<br>Employee<br>Benefits|<br>Neha Singh|6,046.67|<br>1.62%|<br>6,339.23|1.45%|<br>7,435.79|<br>1.17%|1803.59|1.20%|<br>1980.00|<br>1.08%|



51 

|**Nature of**|**Related**<br>**parties with**<br>**whom**|**Fisca**|**l 2020**<br>**% f**|**Fiscal**|**2021**<br>**% f**|**Fiscal**|**2022**<br>**% f**|**Three mo**<br>**June 3**|**nths ended**<br>**0, 2021**<br>**% f**|**Three mo**<br>**June 3**|**nths ended**<br>**0, 2022**<br>**% f**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|<br>**Transaction**|<br> <br>**transactions**<br>**have taken**<br>**place**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**thousand)**|**o**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operations**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**thousand)**|**o**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operations**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**thousand)**|**o**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operations**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**thousand)**|**o**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operations**|**Amount**<br>**(₹**<br>**thousand)**|**o**<br>**Revenue**<br>**from**<br>**Operations**|
|Post<br>Employment<br>Benefits|<br>Neha Singh|482.37|0.13%|<br>293.24|0.07%|<br>446.58|0.07%|221.26|0.15%|<br>195.01|<br>0.11%|
|Short<br>Term<br>Employee<br>Benefits|<br>Abhishek<br>Goyal|6,046.67|1.62%|<br>4,839.23|1.11%|<br>609.90|0.10%|152.10|0.10%|<br>155.00|<br>0.08%|
|Post<br>Employment<br>Benefits|<br>Abhishek<br>Goyal|607.38|0.16%|(1,242.68)|(0.28)%|<br>50.28|0.01%|12.41|0.01%|<br>(1.60)|<br>0.00%|
|Short<br>Term|<br>Prashant|-|-|<br>-|-|<br>4,923.26|0.78%|-|-|<br>1,890.79|<br>1.03%|
|Employee<br>Benefits|Chandra|||||||||||
|Post|Prashant|-|-|<br>-|-|<br>365.86|0.06%|-|-|<br>(11.50)|<br>(0.01)%|
|Employment<br>Benefits|<br>Chandra|||||||||||
|Employee<br>stock<br>optio<br>expense|n<br>Prashant<br>Chandra|-|-|<br>-|-|<br>297.13|0.05%|-|-|<br>602.99|<br>0.33%|



# **_Transactions with independent directors_** 

|**Particulars**|**Jun**|**e 30, 2022**|**Ju**|**ne 30, 2021**|**Mar**|**ch 31, 2022**|**Ma**|_(₹_<br>**rch 31, 2021**|_in thous_<br>**Ma**|_and)_<br>**rch 31, 2020**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Sitting**<br>**Fee**|**Fixed**<br>**Remuneration**|<br>**Sitting**<br>**Fee**|<br>**Fixed**<br>**Remuneration**|<br>**Sitting**<br>**Fee**|**Fixed**<br>**Remuneration**|<br>**Sitting**<br>**Fee**|<br>**Fixed**<br>**Remuneration**|<br>**Sitting**<br>**Fee**|<br>**Fixed**<br>**Remuneration**|
|Brij Bhushan|175.00|250.00|-|-|575.00|653.23|-|-|-|-|
|PayalGoel|150.00|250.00|-|-|250.00|653.23|-|-|-|-|
|Nishant|25.00|250.00|-|-|200.00|653.23|-|-|-|-|
|Verman|||||||||||
|Rohit Jain|25.00|250.00|-|-|400.00|653.23|-|-|-|-|



**_Note:_** _Independent directors were appointed during the year ended March 31, 2022 and hence there are no transactions for the earlier periods._ 

# **_Transactions with Entity having significant influence over the Company_** 

- a) Modifications made to shareholders agreement on March 30, 2021, consequent to which certain CCPS were classified to equity and issue of equity shares on conversion of CCPS; and 

- b) Issue of bonus shares. 

For further information, see “ _Restated Financial Information_ ” on page 191. 

In Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022, and in the three months ended June 30, 2021 and 2022, the aggregate amount of such related party transactions was ₹ 13,183.09 thousand, ₹ 10,229.02thousand, ₹ 14,128.80 thousand, ₹ 2,189.36 thousand and ₹ 4,810.69 thousand, respectively. The percentage of the aggregate value of such related party transactions to our revenue from operations in Fiscals 2020, 2021 and 2022, and in the three months ended June 30, 2021 and 2022 was 3.53%, 2.34%, 2.35%, 2.00% and 3.05%, respectively. For further information on our related party transactions, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 191. We cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our minority shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_49. After the completion of the Offer, our Promoters will continue to collectively hold substantial shareholding in our Company._** 

After the completion of the Offer, our Promoters will continue to collectively hold [●]% shareholding in our Company. Our Promoters will continue to exercise significant influence over our business policies and affairs and all matters requiring shareholders’ approval, including the composition of our Board, the adoption of amendments to our certificate of incorporation, the approval of mergers, strategic acquisitions or joint ventures or the sales of substantially all of our assets, and the policies for dividends, lending, investments and capital expenditures. This 

52 

concentration of ownership also may delay, defer or even prevent a change in control of our Company and may make some transactions more difficult or impossible without the support of these shareholders. The interests of the Promoters as our controlling shareholder could conflict with our interests or the interests of its other shareholders. We cannot assure you that our Promoters will act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our favour and any such conflict may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy or to operate our business. 

# **_50. We have issued Equity Shares during the preceding twelve months at a price which may be below the Offer Price._** 

While the Offer Price will be determined subsequently, we may have issued Equity Shares in the last 12 months at a price which may be lower than the Offer Price, as set out in the table below. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” at page 80. 

|**Date of**<br>**Allotment**|**No. of Equity**<br>**Shares Allotted**|**Face Value per**<br>**Equity Share (₹)**|**Issue Price per**<br>**Equity Share**<br>**(₹)**|**Nature of**<br>**consideration**|**Reason of all**|**otment**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|December|28,614|1|-|Not|Conversion<br>Series A4 CC|from<br>PS|
|10, 2021|12,550||-|applicable*|Conversion<br>Series B1 CC|from<br>PS|
|December<br>10,2021|2,140,528|1|-|Not applicable|Bonus issue||



_* Cash was paid at the time of allotment of the Preference Shares to the respective Shareholders._ 

The prices at which Equity Shares were issued by us in the past year should not be taken to be indicative of the Price Band, Offer Price and the trading price of our Equity Shares after listing. 

# **_51. Our Promoters and certain of our Directors have interests in our Company other than their normal remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Our Promoters and certain of our Directors are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses to the extent of their shareholding in the Company. Our Promoters and Directors holding Equity Shares may take or block actions with respect to our business which may conflict with the best interests of our Company or that of minority shareholders. For further information on the interest of our Promoters and Directors, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits, see “ _Our Management_ ” and “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” on pages 167 and 186, respectively. 

# **_52. Our Promoters, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel may enter into ventures that may lead to real or potential conflicts of interest with our business._** 

Our Promoters, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel may become involved in ventures that may potentially compete with us. Interests of such persons may conflict with the interests of our other Shareholders, and they may, for business considerations or otherwise, cause us to take actions, or refrain from taking actions, in order to benefit themselves, which may conflict with the best interests of our Company or that of our other Shareholders, which in turn may materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_53. U.S. holders should consider the impact of the passive foreign investment company rules in connection with an investment in our Equity Shares._** 

A foreign corporation will be treated as a passive foreign investment company (“ **PFIC** ”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year in which either: (i) at least 75% of its gross income is “passive income” or (ii) at least 50% of its gross assets during the taxable year (based on of the quarterly values of the assets during a taxable year) are “passive assets,” which generally means that they produce passive income or are held for the production of passive income. 

Our Company believes it was not a PFIC for fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, and does not expect to be a PFIC for the current year or any future years. However, no assurance can be given that our Company will or will not be considered a PFIC in the current or future years. The determination of whether or not our Company is a PFIC is a factual determination that is made annually after the end of each taxable year, and there can be no assurance that our Company will not be considered a PFIC in the current taxable year or any future taxable year because, among other reasons, (i) the composition of our Company’s income and assets will vary over time, and (ii) the manner 

53 

of the application of relevant rules is uncertain in several respects. Further, our Company’s PFIC status may depend on the market price of its Equity Shares, which may fluctuate considerably. 

**_54. We have not been able to obtain certain records of the educational qualifications of a Director and have relied on declarations and undertakings furnished by such Director for details of his profile included in this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

Our Non-Executive Director, Ravi Chandra Adusumalli, has been unable to trace copies of documents pertaining to his educational qualifications. Accordingly, reliance has been placed on undertakings furnished by such Director to us and the Book Running Lead Manager to disclose details of their educational qualifications in this Red Herring Prospectus. We and the Book Running Lead Manager have been unable to independently verify these details prior to inclusion in this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, there can be no assurances that our Director will be able to trace the relevant documents pertaining to his qualifications in the future, or at all. 

**_55. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

The Restated Financial Information has been prepared by our Company from: 

1. the audited special purpose interim financial statements for the three months period ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021 prepared in accordance with Ind AS; 

2. the audited financial statements for the years ended March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 prepared in accordance with Ind AS; 

3. the audited special purpose financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2020 wherein Indian GAAP financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2020 have been translated into figures as per Ind AS after incorporating Ind AS adjustments (both re-measurements and reclassifications) to the accounting heads from their Indian GAAP values as on the date of transition, i.e. April 1, 2019, following the accounting policies (both mandatory exceptions and optional exemptions availed as per Ind AS 101) consistent with that used at the date of transition to Ind AS (“ **2020 Audited Special Purpose Financial Statements** ”). The comparative information in respect of the preceding year (i.e., year ended March 31, 2019) as required by Ind AS 1, Presentation of Financial Statements is not presented as these 2020 Audited Special Purpose Financial Statements are prepared only for the year in which our Company has transitioned to Ind AS. Accordingly, the 2020 Audited Special Purpose Financial Statements comply in all material aspects with Ind AS. 

For further information, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Presentation of Financial Information_ ” on page 257. 

Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from Indian GAAP, IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. If our financial statements were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our financial statements, and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

# **_56. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and its securities markets are influenced by economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries. Investors’ reactions to developments in one country may have adverse effects on the market price of securities of companies located elsewhere, including India. Adverse economic 

54 

developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficit, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to capital, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of our Equity Shares. Any financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance, shareholders’ equity and the price of our Equity Shares. 

We are dependent on domestic, regional and global economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. There have been periods of slowdown in the economic growth of India. Demand for our products may be adversely affected by an economic downturn in domestic, regional and global economies. Economic growth in the countries in which we operate is affected by various factors including domestic consumption and savings, balance of trade movements, namely export demand and movements in key imports, global economic uncertainty and liquidity crisis, volatility in exchange currency rates, and annual rainfall which affects agricultural production. Consequently, any future slowdown in the Indian economy could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Also, a change in the government or a change in the economic and deregulation policies could adversely affect economic conditions prevalent in the areas in which we operate in general and our business in particular and high rates of inflation in India could increase our costs without proportionately increasing our revenues, and as such decrease our operating margins. 

# **_57. If there is any change in laws or regulations, including taxation laws, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements._** 

The regulatory environment in which we operate is evolving and is subject to change. The GoI may implement new laws or other regulations that could affect the component industry, which could lead to new compliance requirements. New compliance requirements could increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, the manner in which new requirements will be enforced or interpreted can lead to uncertainty in our operations and could adversely affect our operations. Accordingly, any adverse regulatory change in this regard could lead to fluctuation of prices of raw materials and thereby increase our operational cost. For details on the laws applicable to us, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 157. 

The Income Tax Act, 1961 (“ **IT Act** ”) was amended to provide domestic companies an option to pay corporate income tax at the effective rate of approximately 25.17% (inclusive of applicable surcharge and health and education cess), as compared to effective rate of 34.94% (inclusive of applicable surcharge and health and education cess), provided such companies do not claim certain specified deductions or exemptions. Further, where a company has opted to pay the reduced corporate tax rate, the minimum alternate tax provisions would not be applicable. Any such future amendments may affect our ability to claim exemptions that we have historically benefited from, and such exemptions may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Government of India had also passed the Taxation and Other Laws (Relaxation of Certain Provisions) Act, 2020, implementing relaxations from certain requirements under, amongst others, the Central Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 and Customs Tariff Act, 1975. 

Earlier, distribution of dividends by a domestic company was subject to Dividend Distribution Tax (“ **DDT** ”), in the hands of the company and such dividends were generally exempt from tax in the hands of the shareholders. However, the Government of India has amended the IT Act to abolish the DDT regime. Accordingly, any dividend distributed by a domestic company is subject to tax in the hands of the investor at the applicable rate. Additionally, the Company is required to withhold tax on such dividends distributed at the applicable rate. 

Further, the Government of India has notified the Finance Act, 2022 (“ **Finance Act** ”), which has introduced various amendments to the IT Act. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. 

In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations, and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. 

55 

Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. Further, there is no assurance that the countries where our customers are located will not implement any new regulations and policies requiring us to obtain approvals and licenses and/or will not impose onerous requirements and conditions on the export of our products to such countries. Any such decisions in future or any further changes in interpretation of laws may have an impact on our results of operations. 

Similarly, changes in other laws may require additional compliances and/or result in us incurring additional expenditure. For instance, the Government of India has notified four labour codes which are yet to come into force as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, namely, (i) the Code on Wages, 2019, (ii) the Industrial Relations Code, 2020; (iii) the Code on Social Security, 2020; and (iv) the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020. Such codes will replace the existing legal framework governing rights of workers and labour relations. Once these codes are in force, we may be required to incur additional expenditure to ensure compliance with them. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current businesses or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

# **_58. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or outbreak of global pandemics, such as the COVID19 pandemic, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic, human monkey pox (MPX) and manmade disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war in India or globally may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years, in particular communal violence across ethnic or communal lines involving conflicts, riots and other forms of violence between communities of different religious faith or ethnic origins, and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. A worsening of the current outbreak of COVID-19 virus or future outbreaks of COVID-19 virus, avian or swine influenza or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region and in turn have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_59. A slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer._** 

Our performance and the growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. Any slowdown in the Indian economy or future volatility in global commodity prices could adversely affect our business. Additionally, an increase in trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could also adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

India’s economy could be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates, adverse weather conditions affecting agriculture, commodity and energy prices as well as various other factors. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect the policy of the GoI towards our industry, which may in turn adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to implement our business strategy. The Indian economy is also influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market conditions in Asia. A decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves may also affect liquidity and interest rates in the Indian economy, which could adversely impact our financial condition. A loss of investor confidence in other emerging market 

56 

economies or any worldwide financial instability may adversely affect the Indian economy, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

India has from time to time experienced instances of social, religious and civil unrest and hostilities between neighbouring countries. Military activity or terrorist attacks in the future could influence the Indian economy by disrupting communications and making travel more difficult and such political tensions could create a greater perception that investments in Indian companies involve higher degrees of risk. Events of this nature in the future, as well as social and civil unrest within other countries in Asia, could influence the Indian economy. A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of diseases such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19 virus. 

Other factors which may adversely affect the Indian economy are scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing of our developments and expansions; volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on India’s principal stock exchanges; changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies, like political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; occurrence of natural or man-made disasters; infectious disease outbreaks or other serious public health concerns; prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; and other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India. 

# **_60. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia, United States, United Kingdom, Russia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has adversely affected the Indian economy. Recent developments in the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine has resulted in and may continue to result in a period of sustained instability across global financial markets, induce volatility in commodity prices, increase in supply chain, logistics times and costs, increase borrowing costs, cause outflow of capital from emerging markets and may lead to overall slowdown in economic activity in India. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (“ **Brexit** ”), there still remains uncertainty around the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets. 

Trade tensions between the U.S. and major trading partners, most notably China, continue to escalate following the introduction of a series of tariff measures in both countries. Although China is the primary target of U.S. trade measures, value chain linkages mean that other emerging markets, primarily in Asia, may also be impacted. China’s policy response to these trade measures also presents a degree of uncertainty. There is some evidence of China’s monetary policy easing and the potential for greater fiscal spending, which could worsen existing imbalances in its economy. This could undermine efforts to address already high debt levels and increase mediumterm risks. In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. 

The outbreak of COVID-19 significantly affected financial markets around the world. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and indirectly in the Indian economy in general. Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. These developments, or the 

57 

perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_61. Any adverse change or downgrade in sovereign credit ratings of India may affect our business, results of operations and cash flows, and in turn, the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favourable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_62. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us, our Directors, the BRLM or any of their directors and executive officers in India respectively, except by way of a law suit in India._** 

We are incorporated under the laws of India and all of our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel reside in India. A substantial portion of our assets are also located in India. Resultantly, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce against them judgments obtained in courts outside India. Moreover, where investors wish to enforce foreign judgments in India, they may face difficulties in enforcing such judgments. India exercises reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions. In order to be enforceable, a judgment obtained in a jurisdiction which India recognises as a reciprocating territory must meet certain requirements of the Civil Procedure Code, 1908 (the “ **CPC** ”). 

India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13, 14 and Section 44A of the CPC on a statutory basis. Section 44A of the CPC provides that where a certified copy of a decree of any superior court, within the meaning of that Section, obtained in any country or territory outside India which the government has by notification declared to be in a reciprocating territory, may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgment had been rendered by a district court in India. However, Section 44A of the CPC is applicable only to monetary decrees and does not apply to decrees for amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalties and does not apply to arbitration awards (even if such awards are enforceable as a decree or judgment). 

Among other jurisdictions, the United Kingdom, United Arab Emirates, Singapore and Hong Kong have been declared by the government to be reciprocating territories for the purposes of Section 44A of the CPC. The United States has not been declared by the Government of India to be a reciprocating territory for the purposes of Section 44A of the CPC. A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit upon the judgment under Section 13 of the CPC, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the CPC provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated upon except: (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction; (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case; (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable; (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice; (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud; and/ or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. The suit must be brought in India within three years from the date of judgment in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a civil liability in India. 

It cannot be assured that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it views the amount of damages awarded as excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. A party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval from the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of such foreign judgment. 

58 

# **_63. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our services at a proportional rate thereby reducing our margins._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased wages and other expenses relevant to our business. 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our customers, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or entirely offset any increases in costs with increases in the subscription price for our platform. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, the Government has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **_64. Financial difficulty and other problems in certain financial institutions in India could adversely affect the Company’s business._** 

As an Indian company, we are exposed to the risks of the Indian financial system, which may be affected by the financial difficulties faced by certain Indian financial institutions because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships. This risk, which is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk”, may adversely affect financial intermediaries with whom we interact and who may default on their obligations due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. Any such difficulties or instability of the Indian financial system in general could create an adverse market perception about Indian financial institutions and banks and hence could adversely affect its business. As the Indian financial system operates within an emerging market, it faces risks of a nature and extent not typically faced in more developed economies. 

# **_65. We may be affected by competition laws, the adverse application or interpretation of which could adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, of India, as amended (“ **Competition Act** ”), regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India (“ **AAEC** ”). Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an AAEC is considered void and may result in the imposition of substantial penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or the provision of services or shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner, including by way of allocation of geographical area or number of customers in the relevant market or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an AAEC and is considered void. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. 

On March 4, 2011, the Government notified and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to and pre-approved by the Competition Commission of India (the “ **CCI** ”). Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued Competition Commission of India (Procedure for Transaction of Business Relating to Combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. 

The Competition Act aims to, among others, prohibit all agreements and transactions which may have an AAEC in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an AAEC in India. However, the impact of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. However, we may be affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act, or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI, or any adverse publicity 

59 

that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI or if any prohibition or substantial penalties are levied under the Competition Act, it would adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

# **RISKS RELATING TO THE OFFER AND THE EQUITY SHARES** 

# **_66. Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law, including in relation to class actions, may not be as extensive and wide-spread as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face greater challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

# **_67. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares and dividend received._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company is generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for more than 12 months may be subject to long-term capital gains tax in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as STT paid, the quantum of gains and any available treaty exemptions. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long-term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of STT, on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. Further, any gain realized on the sale of our Equity Shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short-term capital gains tax in India. While non-residents may claim tax treaty benefits in relation to such capital gains income, generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s right to impose tax on capital gains arising from the sale of shares of an Indian company. 

The Finance Act, 2020 (“ **Finance Act 2020** ”) had stipulated that the sale, transfer and issue of certain securities through exchanges, depositories or otherwise to be charged with stamp duty. The Finance Act 2020 also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of certain securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. 

The stamp duty for transfer of certain securities, other than debentures, on a delivery basis is currently specified under the Finance Act 2020. These amendments have come into effect from July 1, 2020. Under the Finance Act 2020, any dividends paid by an Indian company will be subject to tax in the hands of the shareholders at applicable rates. Such taxes will be withheld by the Indian company paying dividends. Further, the Finance Act, 2021 (“ **Finance Act 2021** ”), which followed, removed the requirement for DDT to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source pursuant to any corporate action including dividends. Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisors and to carefully consider the potential tax consequences of owning Equity Shares. 

Our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_68. The determination of the Price Band is subject to various factors and assumptions and the Offer Price may not be indicative of the trading price of the Equity Shares, upon listing on the Stock Exchanges subsequent to the Offer. Further, the closing price of equity shares listed pursuant to certain past issues handled by the BRLM was below their respective issue price on listing date._** 

The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions, and shall be determined by our Company and the Investor Selling Shareholders in consultation with the BRLM. Further, the Offer Price of the Equity Shares was determined by our Company and the Investor Selling Shareholders in consultation with the BRLM through the Book Building Process. This price is based on certain factors, as described under “ _Basis for_ 

60 

_the Offer Price_ ” on page 98 and may not be indicative of the trading price of the Equity Shares, upon listing on the Stock Exchanges subsequent to the Offer. The trading price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure that you will be able to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price nor can we assure you that an active market will develop or sustained trading will take place in the Equity Shares. In addition to the above, the closing price of equity shares listed pursuant to certain past issues handled by the BRLM is below their respective issue price on listing date. For further details, see “ _Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Price information of past issues handled by the Book Running Lead Manager (during the current Fiscal and two Fiscals preceding the current Fiscal)_ ” on page 306. 

# **_69. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time taken for such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares outside India, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. Any of these factors may result in large and sudden changes in the volume and trading price of the Equity Shares. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, shareholders have often instituted securities class action litigation against that company. If we were involved in a class action suit, it could divert the attention of our management, and, if adversely determined, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_70. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to compliance with sectoral norms and certain other restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Further, unless specifically restricted, foreign investment is freely permitted in all sectors of the Indian economy up to any extent and without any prior approvals, but the foreign investor is required to follow certain prescribed procedures for making such investment. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. 

In addition, pursuant to the Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, which has been incorporated as the proviso to Rule 6(a) of the FEMA Rules, investments where the beneficial owner of the Equity Shares is situated in or is a citizen of a country which shares land border with India, can only be made through the Government approval route, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy dated October 15, 2020 and the FEMA Rules. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained with or without any particular terms or conditions or at all. 

We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 341. 

# **_71. Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth, whether organic or inorganic, through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering or under an employee benefit scheme, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company, adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issue of our securities. Any future equity issuances by us (including under 

61 

an employee benefit scheme) or disposal of our Equity Shares by the Promoters or any of our other principal shareholders or any other change in our shareholding structure or any public perception regarding such issuance or sales may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that our existing shareholders including our Promoter will not dispose of further Equity Shares after the completion of the Offer (subject to compliance with the lock-in provisions under the SEBI ICDR Regulations) or pledge or encumber their Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of shareholders’ investment in the Equity Shares and adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Such securities may also be issued at prices below the Offer Price. We may also issue convertible debt securities to finance our future growth or fund our business activities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. 

# **_72. Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Offer._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. The Allotment of Equity Shares in the Offer and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately five Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid/ Offer Closing Date. There could also be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

# **_73. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction the investors are located in do not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their preemptive rights unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emption rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in us would be reduced. 

# **_74. QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid, and Retail Individual Bidders are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after Bid/ Offer Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are required to block the Bid amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of equity shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Similarly, Retail Individual Bidders can revise or withdraw their Bids at any time during the Bid/Offer Period and until the Bid/ Offer Closing Date, but not thereafter. While we are required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six Working Days from the Bid/ Offer Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the investors’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity 

62 

Shares to decline on listing. Therefore, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders will not be able to withdraw or lower their bids following adverse developments in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or otherwise between the dates of submission of their Bids and Allotment. 

**_75. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and may experience price and volume fluctuations following the completion of the Offer, an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price or at all._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for our Equity Shares will develop or, if developed, the liquidity of such a market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book building process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described in the section “ _Basis for the Offer Price_ ” on page 98. This price may not necessarily be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Offer is completed. You may not be able to re-sell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price and may as a result lose all or part of your investment. 

Our Equity Shares are expected to trade on NSE and BSE after the Offer, but there can be no assurance that active trading in our Equity Shares will develop after the Offer, or if such trading develops that it will continue. Investors may not be able to sell our Equity Shares at the quoted price if there is no active trading in our Equity Shares. 

There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and the trading price of our Equity Shares after this Offer could fluctuate significantly as a result of market volatility or due to various internal or external risks, including but not limited to those described in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

The initial public offering price will be determined by the Book Building Process and may not be indicative of prices that will prevail in the open market following the Offer. The market price of our Equity Shares may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

- the failure of security analysts to cover the Equity Shares after this Offer, or changes in the estimates of our performance by analysts; 

- market conditions specific to the industry we operate in; 

- the activities of competitors; 

- future sales of the Equity Shares by us or our shareholders; 

- investor perception of us and the industry in which we operate; 

- our quarterly or annual earnings or those of our competitors; 

- developments affecting fiscal, industrial or environmental regulations; 

- volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases and adverse media reports; and 

- general economic conditions. 

A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

As a result of these factors, investors may not be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the initial public offering price. In addition, the stock market often experiences price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of a particular company. These broad market fluctuations and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of the Equity Shares, regardless of our Company’s performance. There can be no assurance that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

# **_76. The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. 

63 

Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

# **_77. Compliance with provisions of Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act may affect payments on the Equity Shares._** 

The U.S. “Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” (or “ **FATCA** ”) imposes a new reporting regime and potentially, imposes a 30% withholding tax on certain “foreign passthru payments” made by certain non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries). 

If payments on the Equity Shares are made by such non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries), this withholding may be imposed on such payments if made to any non-U.S. financial institution (including an intermediary) that is not otherwise exempt from FATCA or other holders who do not provide sufficient identifying information to the payer, to the extent such payments are considered “foreign passthru payments”. Under current guidance, the term “foreign passthru payment” is not defined and it is therefore not clear whether and to what extent payments on the Equity Shares would be considered “foreign passthru payments”. The United States has entered into intergovernmental agreements with many jurisdictions (including India) that modify the FATCA withholding regime described above. It is not yet clear how the intergovernmental agreements between the United States and these jurisdictions will address “foreign passthru payments” and whether such agreements will require us or other financial institutions to withhold or report on payments on the Equity Shares to the extent they are treated as “foreign passthru payments”. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the consequences of FATCA, or any intergovernmental agreement or non-U.S. legislation implementing FATCA, to their investment in Equity Shares. 

64 

