# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only risks relevant to us or the Equity Shares or the industry in which we currently operate. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In order to obtain a complete understanding about us, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with the sections “Our Business”, “Selected Statistical Information”, and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 105, 171 and 270, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information included in this Red Herring Prospectus. If any of the risks described below, or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial actually occur, our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of the value of their investment. The financial and other related implications of the risk factors, wherever quantifiable, have been disclosed in the risk factors mentioned below. However, there are certain risk factors where the financial impact is not quantifiable and, therefore, cannot be disclosed in such risk factors. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in this Issue._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. Please see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 20._ 

_Our Bank’s Fiscal commences on April 1 and ends on March 31 of the immediately subsequent year, and references to a particular Fiscal are to the 12 months ended March 31 of that year. Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information included herein is based on our Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus. Our Bank was incorporated on July 4, 2016, however, we began our operations on February 1, 2017 when UFSL, our Promoter, transferred its business to us pursuant to the Business Transfer Agreement and we simultaneously commenced general banking activities pursuant to receipt of the license to operate as a small finance bank. As a result, our financial statements for Fiscal 2017 reflect only two months of operations from February 1, 2017 to March 31, 2017. Accordingly, the financial and statistical data for Fiscal 2017 will not be comparable with information for Fiscal 2018 and 2019 and for the six months ended September 30, 2018 and 2019. Unless otherwise indicated any reference to our Bank’s Ind AS financial statements is a reference to our Bank’s Ind AS financial statements prepared solely for the purpose of consolidation of the financial statements of UFSL. For further information, see “Financial Information” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 198 and 270, respectively._ 

_Unless the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “we”, “us”, “our”, “the Bank” or “our Bank” refers to Ujjivan Small Finance Bank Limited._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the report “Ujjivan SFB - Industry Report” dated October 2019 (the “_ **_CRISIL Report_** _”) prepared and released by CRISIL Limited and commissioned by us in connection with the Issue. Neither we, nor the BRLMs, nor any other person connected with the Issue has independently verified this information. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the CRISIL Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant fiscal year._ 

# **RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS** 

**_1. We are subject to stringent regulatory requirements and prudential norms and our inability to comply with such laws, regulations and norms may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

The RBI Final Approval, SFB Licensing Guidelines and SFB Operating Guidelines require us to comply with certain conditions in order to operate our business, including, among others: 

- we are required to be controlled by residents in accordance with FEMA at all times from the date of commencement of our operations; 

- our Promoter is required to reduce its shareholding in our Bank to 40% of our paid-up Equity Share capital within a period of five years from the date of commencement of our business operations and thereafter required to reduce its shareholding in our Bank to 30% and 26% of our paid-up Equity Share capital within a period of 10 years and 12 years, respectively, from the date of commencement of our business operations; 

- we are required to maintain a minimum paid-up Equity Share capital and a minimum net worth of ₹ 1,000 million; 

- any change of our shareholding by way of fresh issue or transfer of shares to the extent of 5% or more of our equity share capital requires prior RBI approval; 

- at least 25% of our total Banking Outlets have to be located in unbanked rural centres; 

22 

- the maximum loan size and investment limit exposure to a single and group obligor is to be restricted to 10% and 15% of our capital funds, respectively; 

- at least 50% of our loan portfolio is required to constitute loans and advances of up to ₹ 2.50 million; 

- we are required to extend 75% of our ANBC to sectors eligible for PSL; 

- our Equity Shares are required to get listed on the stock exchanges within three years from the date of commencement of business of our Bank, i.e., on or before January 31, 2020; 

- a strategic non-promoter investor should not hold more than 20% or more of the share capital our Promoter at any time from the date of commencement of our business operations; 

- we are prohibited from exposure in terms of loans and advances to our Directors, companies in which our directors are interested, our Promoter, major shareholders (holding 10% or more of our paid-up Equity Share capital), and entities in which our Promoter, major shareholders have significant influence or control (as defined under applicable accounting standards); and 

- we are required to maintain a minimum capital adequacy ratio (“ **CAR** ”) of 15% of the credit risk weighted assets (“ **CRWAs** ”) on a continuous basis subject to any higher percentage as may be prescribed by the RBI from time to time, with Tier I capital maintained at least 7.5% of the CRWAs and Tier II capital maintained at not more than 100% of the Tier I capital. 

Further, currently the RBI does not require SFBs to provide any capital charge for operational risk or market risk weighted assets, however, there can be no assurance that RBI will not require SFBs, including us, to provide capital charge for such risk in the future. We are also regulated under the Banking Regulation Act and have to comply with circulars and directives issued by the RBI that apply to scheduled commercial banks. We are required to comply with prudential norms specified in respect of market discipline, classification, valuation and operation of our investment portfolio, income recognition, asset classification and provisioning pertaining to advances (including restructuring of credit facilities), RBI directives on permissible loans and advances, maintenance of regulatory ratios (such as CRR and SLR), authorization of Banking Outlets, permissible exposures, requisite disclosures in financial statements, fraud classification and reporting, and periodic disclosure requirements (including in presentation of financial information and financial statements). All scheduled commercial banks (other than regional rural banks) are required to comply with the statutory reserve requirements prescribed by the RBI. Currently, scheduled commercial banks are required to maintain a CRR of 4% of their net demand and time liabilities (“ **NDTL** ”) with the RBI, on which no interest is paid. Further, scheduled commercial banks are also required to maintain, under the current requirements, a SLR equivalent to 18.50% of their NDTL, to be invested in state or central government or other RBI-approved securities. Further, the Banking Regulation Act limits the flexibility of shareholders and management of an SFB in many ways, including by way of specifying certain matters for which a banking company would require RBI approval. The RBI may also impose additional conditions on us, and may terminate our banking license, if we are unable to comply with applicable requirements. 

Certain requirements that are applicable to SFBs in terms of the SFB Operating Guidelines and other banking laws and regulations are significantly more stringent in comparison to scheduled commercial banks and non-banking financial companies, and have and will continue to limit our revenue to ensure compliance. For instance, the PSL requirements applicable to SFBs are significantly higher than the PSL limits applicable to scheduled commercial banks, and any shortfall in meeting the PSL targets would statutorily require us to place the shortfall amount in Rural Infrastructure Development Fund which would earn us a lower rate of interest compared to PSL advances. In case of any failure to comply with the applicable directives and reporting requirements or meet the prescribed prudential norms, the RBI may charge penalties, restrict our banking activities or otherwise enforce increased scrutiny and control over our banking operations, including by way of withholding approvals, or issuing conditional approvals, in respect of any proposed actions for which we may seek RBI approval in the future, or even cancel our banking license in view of any major and/or sustained non-compliance. 

In addition, the SFB model is relatively new to India, and such operations pose various business and financial challenges, including sourcing deposits from customers and public at large at competitive prices to support the loan portfolio build up, operationalization of Banking Outlets, diversifying our loan portfolio aimed at setting up business enterprises, purchase, construction and repair of residential buildings, setting up of and operating a treasury and adopting a robust asset liability management system, migration to a new or upgraded technology platform, digitalising banking delivery and other operations to source and deliver cost effective financial services to customers, and designing and developing a comprehensive enterprise wide risk management framework. These challenges have and will continue to entail substantial senior level management time and financial resources and put significant demands on our management team and other resources. Further, uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of the governing law, specifically due to the absence of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve. To ensure compliance with the regulatory framework applicable to SFBs, we may need to allocate additional resources, which may increase our regulatory compliance costs and divert management attention. Our inability to comply with laws and regulations applicable to an SFB may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

**_2. We significantly depend on our micro banking business, particularly group loans, and any adverse developments in this segment could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our loan portfolio contains significant advances towards our micro banking segment, particularly through group loans. As of March 31, 2017, 2018, 2019 and September 30, 2019, advances in our micro banking business accounted for 97.50%, 92.55%, 84.67% and 79.22%, respectively, of our total Gross Advances (including securitization/ IBPC). As of March 31, 2017, 2018, 

23 

2019 and September 30, 2019, the percentage of our micro banking gross NPAs to total micro banking advances was 0.29%, 3.90%, 0.85% and 0.71%, respectively. Consequently, our financial performance significantly depends on our micro banking business, which in turn depends on various factors, including the ability of our borrowers to repay their loan, the results of operations of such borrowers and their business, changes in regulations and policies, natural disasters, calamities, political and social risks, including any adverse publicity or litigation relating to the microfinance sector (such as a public interest litigation filed against all microfinance institutions in Maharashtra), public criticism of the microfinance sector and religious beliefs relating to loans and interest payments. Microfinance loan customers are also susceptible to event-based risks, such as, demonetization and natural calamities like the Kerala floods and cyclone ‘Gaja’, which hampered microfinance borrowers’ repayment ability. In addition, micro-loan customers are also exposed to regulatory change based risks, such as demonetisation and implementation of GST. Imposition of GST on leather goods and textiles affected the profitability in the sector, which, in turn affected the piece-rate leather workers in Agra and textile workers in Uttar Pradesh, some of whom were our microfinance customers. These and other factors could lead to an increase in impairment losses and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Further, in our microfinance business, we rely primarily on non-traditional guarantee mechanisms rather than any tangible assets such as collateral, such as the joint liability group model. There can however be no assurance that such joint liability arrangements will ensure repayment by the other members of a joint liability group in the event of default by any one of them. These arrangements are likely to fail if there is no meaningful personal relationship among members of such group, if inadequate risk management procedures have been employed to verify the group members and their ability to repay such loans, or as a result of adverse external factors such as natural calamities or forced migration. Any decline in sales of, or in demand for our micro banking products could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

**_3. We have a limited operating history as an SFB and our future financial and operational performance cannot be evaluated on account of our evolving and growing operations. Accordingly, our future results may not be reflective of our past performance. Further, we cannot effectively compare our financial statements for Fiscal 2017 with our financial statements for Fiscal 2018 and 2019 due to non-comparable reporting periods._** 

We were incorporated on July 4, 2016 and began operations on February 1, 2017 when UFSL, our Promoter, transferred its business to us pursuant to the Business Transfer Agreement and we simultaneously commenced general banking activities. As a result of our limited operating history as an SFB, there is limited historical financial and operational information available to help prospective investors to evaluate our past performance as a commercial banking entity. 

UFSL’s total liability in respect of its indemnification obligations under the Business Transfer Agreement is limited to the purchase consideration under the agreement. Further, while all, amongst others, claims, proceedings and suits, in relation to UFSL as on the completion date, i.e., February 1, 2017, are required to be dealt with and managed by UFSL, our Bank is required to be liable for any payments which may become due on account of such matters. Similarly, where any payments become due and payable to UFSL pursuant to such matters, USFB will be entitled to receive payments in this regard. For further information, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 302. 

Our business in each sector and our business overall is growing and the results and amounts set forth in our financial statements may not provide a reliable indication of our future performance. Accordingly, investors should evaluate our business and prospects in light of the risks, uncertainties and difficulties frequently encountered by both high growth companies and banks that are in the early stages of development. Our failure to mitigate these risks and uncertainties successfully could materially adversely affect our business and operating results, and consequently result in a decline in the trading price of our Equity Shares. 

Further, our financial statements for Fiscal 2017 only reflect operating activities for two month period from February 1, 2017 to March 31, 2017 while our financial statements for Fiscal 2018 and 2019 are for full 12-month periods. Accordingly, our financial statements for Fiscal 2017 are not comparable with our financial statements for Fiscal 2018 and Fiscal 2019 and for the six months ended September 30, 2018 and 2019. For further information, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on page 270. 

**_4. Banking companies in India, including us, will be required to report financial statements as per Ind AS in the future. However, our Promoter, UFSL, currently reports its financial statements under Ind AS and as a result, we are required to prepare select Ind AS financial information for the limited purposes of consolidation by UFSL. Differences exist between Ind AS and Indian GAAP, which may be material to investors’ assessment of our financial condition._** 

The Ministry of Corporate Affairs, in its press release dated January 18, 2016, issued a roadmap for implementation of Ind AS for scheduled commercial banks, insurance companies and NBFCs, which are also applicable to our Bank. Such roadmap provided that these institutions were required to prepare Ind AS financial statements for accounting periods commencing April 1, 2018 (including comparative financial statements for the corresponding periods in the previous year). The RBI, by its circular dated February 11, 2016, required all scheduled commercial banks (except regional rural banks) to comply with Ind AS for financial statements commencing April 1, 2018 and also required such entities to prepare and submit proforma Ind AS financial statements to the RBI since the six months ended September 30, 2016. In compliance of such regulatory requirements, we have submitted proforma Ind AS financial statements for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 and subsequently, since June 2018 we have continued to submit such proforma Ind AS financial statements every quarter to the RBI. On April 5, 2018, however, the RBI through its press release deferred the implementation of Ind AS for scheduled commercial banks (except regional rural 

24 

banks) for a period of one year; subsequently, the RBI through its notification dated March 22, 2019, further deferred the implementation of Ind AS until further notice for all scheduled commercial banks (except regional rural banks). Under applicable regulations, scheduled commercial banks, including our Bank, are not permitted to early adopt Ind AS financial statements. Accordingly, we continue to prepare and present our financial statements only under Indian GAAP. 

However, as a subsidiary of UFSL, our Promoter, which was required to prepare its financial statements in accordance with Ind AS with effect from April 1, 2018, we were also required to prepare financial statements in accordance with Ind AS for the limited purpose of inclusion in UFSL’s consolidated financial statements. Our Ind AS financial statements have not been made been publicly available, as these were only prepared for the limited purpose of inclusion in UFSL’s consolidated financial statements. However, as a publicly listed entity, every fiscal quarter UFSL is required to prepare and publicly report its Ind AS consolidated financial information in accordance with applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange requirements. There is not a significant difference in our Bank’s business operations and that of UFSL. Consequently, our Bank’s Ind AS financial information is to an extent indirectly publicly available, as may be derived from or reflected in the publicly available consolidated Ind AS financial information of UFSL. 

Ind AS differs in many respects from Indian GAAP, and our financial statements prepared under Ind AS (for the limited purpose of inclusion in UFSL’s consolidated financial statements) are therefore not comparable to our financial statements prepared under Indian GAAP for such respective periods. The key areas of difference between Indian GAAP and Ind AS as it applies to our Bank include accounting of financial instruments, consolidation accounting, accounting of fee income, fair value of ESOP calculation, leasing and calculation of credit cost. In addition, given the relatively recent introduction of Ind AS in India, and in particular since under applicable regulations Ind AS is still not applicable to scheduled commercial banks, there is limited established practice available for drawing informed judgments regarding the implementation and application of Ind AS to the financial statements of scheduled commercial banks, and consequently our Bank. 

The Ind AS financial statements prepared historically by our Bank (for purposes of inclusion of such financial information in the consolidated Ind AS financial statements of UFSL) includes certain reconciliation information between the audited financial statements of the Bank under Indian GAAP with such Ind AS financial statements. We have therefore included in this Red Herring Prospectus reconciliation information between (i) our Bank’s audited Indian GAAP financial statements for Fiscal 2019 with our Bank’s audited Ind AS financial statements for Fiscal 2019 and (ii) our Bank’s audited Indian GAAP financial statements for the six months ended September 30, 2019, with our Bank’s audited Ind AS financial statements for the six months ended September 30, 2019. Such reconciliation information has been presented as adjustments to total comprehensive income and total equity of our Bank under Indian GAAP. 

The Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on our Indian GAAP audited financial statements for Fiscal 2017, 2018 and 2019 and the six months ended September 30, 2018 and 2019 which have been restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Since Ind AS differs in many respects from Indian GAAP, our Ind AS financial statements prepared for the limited purpose of inclusion in UFSL’s consolidated financial statements are therefore also not comparable to our Restated Financial Statements included herein. In addition, our Ind AS financial statements prepared for the limited purpose of inclusion in UFSL’s consolidated financial statements may also not be comparable to our future Ind AS financial statements when Ind AS is made applicable to scheduled commercial banks and the RBI has issued relevant interpretative guidance with respect thereto. 

To the extent that the Ind AS financial information relating to our Bank can be indirectly derived from the consolidated Ind AS financial statements of UFSL as well as related investor presentations and investor interaction information made available publicly in the ordinary course by UFSL as a publicly listed entity, investors are cautioned against placing reliance on such Ind AS financial information relating to our Bank. Investors should rely solely on our Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus for an assessment of our financial position and any investment decision. 

**_5. We have a continuous requirement of funds and our inability to access sources of funds in an acceptable and timely manner or any disruption in the access to funds would adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition._** 

Historically, as an NBFC-MFI, UFSL raised majority of its funding requirements through a combination of term loans from banks and financial institutions and issuance of non-convertible debentures. However, post transitioning into an SFB, our primary source of funding has been deposits. As of March 31, 2019 and September 30, 2019, majority of our funding consists of retail deposits accounting for 37.07% and 41.93%, respectively, of our total deposits, with a CASA ratio of 10.63% and 11.87%, respectively. Considering the growth of our business, we will have a continuous requirement of funds for expanding our outreach and enhancing our loan portfolio. Our ability to continue to meet customer demand for new loans will depend primarily on our ability to raise funds through deposits and refinance from NABARD and SIDBI on suitable interest rates and terms, and in a timely manner. Our ability to raise such funds on competitive terms in the future will depend on various factors including our credit ratings, macroeconomic factors, the regulatory environment and policy initiatives in India, developments in the international markets affecting the Indian economy, investors’ and/or lenders’ perception of demand for debt and equity securities of SFBs, and our current and future results of operations and financial condition. While we have been granted strong credit ratings from various agencies in the past, there can be no assurance that we will continue to be granted such credit ratings and any downgrade in our credit ratings may increase interest rates for refinancing our outstanding debt, which would increase our financing costs, and adversely affect our future issuances of debt and our ability to raise new capital on a competitive basis. 

25 

The SFB Operating Guidelines exempt SFBs from the existing regulatory ceiling on inter-bank borrowings in respect to the loans availed as an NBFC-MFI till such loans mature or up to three years from commencement of operations, whichever is earlier. However, while the SFB Operating Guidelines provide an exemption with respect to legacy borrowings, any new borrowings made by us after commencing operations as an SFB, is subject to inter-bank borrowing limits, at par with scheduled commercial banks. The SFB Operating Guidelines also provide that the restrictions on loans and advances applicable to scheduled commercial banks will be applicable to SFBs as well. Further, the funds provided by commercial banks and financial institutions to us are not eligible for classification as ‘priority sector’ advances, as such loans extended will be required to be qualified as ‘inter bank lending’ and accordingly, our access to loans from banks and financial institutions will be limited. In addition, while banks in India are precluded from creating floating charges on its assets, any existing floating charge created on our assets pursuant to the Business Transfer Agreement have to be grandfathered till their maturity, in accordance with guidelines issued by the RBI. Accordingly, we may be required to avail of unsecured loans at higher interest rates as compared to secured loans. We may also be unable to attract sufficient deposits from customers, due to various factors beyond our control, such as the market acceptance of the ‘ _Ujjivan_ ’ brand and its associated reputation. We have to also compete with other banks by offering attractive interest rates, and may be unable to raise sufficient funds, including funds through deposits at existing or higher interest cost. We also face certain restrictions on our ability to incur debt from international markets, which may further constrain our ability to raise funds at attractive rates. Consequently, our inability to raise sufficient funds in a timely manner, or at all, may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# **_6. The Indian banking industry is very competitive and our growth strategy depends on our ability to compete effectively._** 

We have a limited operating history as an SFB and the success of our banking operations depends on a number of factors, including the demand for our services and our ability to compete with other banks and financial institutions effectively. The banking and financing sector in India is highly competitive and we face competition in all our principal areas of business. We face our most significant organized competition from other small finance banks, NBFCs, microfinance institutions, cooperative banks which have significant presence in rural areas, public sector banks, private sector banks, housing finance companies and other financial services companies in India. In addition, many of our potential customers in economically weaker segments do not have access to any form of organized institutional lending, and rely on loans from informal sources, especially moneylenders, landlords, local shopkeepers and traders, at much higher rates. In the organized sector, our competitors may have a better brand recognition, greater business experience, more diversified operations, greater customer and depositor base, larger Banking Outlets network and better access to, and lower costs of funding than we do. Further, on September 13, 2019, the RBI has released ‘Draft Guidelines for “on-tap” Licensing of Small Finance Banks in the Private Sector’, which seeks to allow applicants to apply for the SFB license at any time and in return, increase competition for us. Our inability to compete effectively may adversely affect our business, results of operations financial condition and cash flows. 

Further, consolidation in the industry driven by the merger of other banks is likely to further increase competition by creating larger, more homogeneous and potentially stronger competitors in the market. Increase in operations of existing competitors or entry of additional banks offering similar or a wider range of products and services could also increase competition. Further, with the advent of technology based initiatives and alternative modes of banking, we may face increased competition in this sector, which may in turn impact our revenues and profitability. We also face competition from specialized fintech companies who could disrupt our origination, sales and distribution process. Due to competitive pressures, we may be unable to successfully execute our growth strategy and offer products and services at reasonable returns and this may adversely impact our business, future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. See “ _Our Business – Competition_ ” on page 125. 

**_7. If we are not able to control the level of non-performing assets in our portfolio or any increase in RBI mandated provisioning requirements could adversely affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations._** 

As of March 31, 2019 and September 30, 2019, our gross NPAs were ₹ 978.51 million and ₹ 1,094.01 million, respectively, representing 0.92% and 0.85%, respectively, of our gross advances, while our NPAs (net of provisions) were ₹ 275.48 million and ₹ 425.31 million, respectively, representing 0.26% and 0.33%, respectively, of our Net Advances as of such periods. Our NPAs (net of provisions) in our MSE and affordable housing segment have continued to increase in the three months ended June 30, 2019 and in the three months ended September 30, 2019. Our NPAs may increase in the future, due to several factors, including increased competition, adverse effect on the business and results of operations of our borrowers, a rise in unemployment, a sharp and sustained rise in interest rate, slow industrial and business growth, changes in customer behaviour and demographic patterns, central and state government decisions (including agricultural loan waivers that may affect our agricultural portfolio in the short term) and changes in regulations. Further, our credit monitoring and risk management policies and procedures may not be accurate, properly designed, or appropriately implemented or complied with by our customers, and we could suffer material credit losses. In addition, even if our policies and procedures are accurate and appropriate, we may not be able to anticipate future economic or financial developments or downturns, which could lead to an increase in our NPAs. Further, the expansion of our business may cause our NPAs to increase and the overall quality of our loan portfolio to deteriorate. Any significant increase in NPAs may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Provisions for NPAs are created by a charge to our profit and loss account and are currently subject to minimum provisioning requirements, linked to ageing of NPAs. In addition to the relevant regulatory minimum provisioning, we also consider our 

26 

internal estimate for loan losses and risks inherent in the credit portfolio when deciding on the appropriate level of provisions. The determination of a suitable level of loan losses and provisions involves a degree of subjectivity and requires that we make estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which may be subject to material changes. Any incorrect estimation of risk may result in our provisions not being adequate to cover any further increase in the amount of NPAs or any further deterioration in our NPA portfolio. Our provision cover ratio (including technical write-offs) was 71.90% and 61.12% in Fiscal 2019 and the six months ended September 30, 2019, respectively, and there can be no assurance that our provision coverage ratio will continue to increase or that it may not decline in the future. We may need to make further provisions if there is dilution/ deterioration in the quality of our security or down-grading of the account or recoveries with respect to such NPAs do not materialize in time or at all. Further, we employ and monitor third party collection agencies and non-performance by them may lead to further delinquencies and increase NPAs. This increase in provisions may adversely impact our financial performance. While we have already made provisions for NPAs, there can be no assurance that the transition to Ind AS, which would result in computing provisions on the basis of the expected credit loss method as against the current method for incurred credit loss, will not further increase our provisioning requirements in the future. Accordingly, any significant increase in our NPAs may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and as a result, our return ratios may not be consistent with our previous performance. 

# **_8. Our micro banking loan portfolio, personal loans, and certain categories of our MSE loans are not supported by any collateral that could help ensure repayment of the loan, and in the event of non-payment by a borrower of one of these loans, we may be unable to collect the unpaid balance._** 

Our micro banking loans are offered through our micro banking business, for example, to individuals and families to assist in starting home-based businesses and to invest in income-generating activities. Certain categories of our personal loans and MSE loans are at higher credit risk than secured loan portfolios because they may not be supported by realisable collateral that could help ensure an adequate source of repayment for the loan. As of March 31, 2019, micro banking loans, personal loans and unsecured MSE loans contributed 84.67%, 0.10%, and 1.64%, respectively, of our total advances, while as of September 30, 2019, micro banking loans, personal loans and unsecured MSE loans contributed 79.22%, 0.40%, and 1.02%, respectively, of our total advances. We may be unable to collect in part or at all in the event of non-payment by a borrower. Further, any increase in delinquency in our micro banking loan portfolio, personal loans portfolio or MSE loan portfolio could require us to increase our provision for credit losses, which would decrease our earnings. 

**_9. We and our Promoter are involved in certain legal proceedings, any adverse developments related to which could materially and adversely affect our business, reputation and cash flows._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Bank and our Promoter, in relation to the business and operations of each entity. These proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and appellate tribunals. We cannot assure you that these proceedings will be decided in our favour. Brief details of material outstanding litigation that have been initiated by and against our Bank and our Promoter (as applicable) are set forth below. 

# **_Litigation against our Bank_** 

|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of cases**<br>|**Amount, to the extent quantifiable**<br>**_(₹ million)_**|
|---|---|---|
|Criminal cases|Nil<sup>(1)</sup>|Nil|
|Material civil cases|Nil|Nil|
|Taxation matters|Nil|Nil|
|Outstanding actions by regulatory and<br>statutoryauthorities|Nil|Nil|



# **_Litigation by our Bank_** 

|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of cases**|**Amount, to the extent quantifiable**<br>**_(₹ million)_**|
|---|---|---|
|Criminal cases|980|57.11|
|Material civil cases|Nil|Nil|
|Taxation matters|Nil|Nil|



# **_Litigation against our Promoter_** 

|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of cases**|**Amount, to the extent quantifiable**<br>**_(₹ million)_**|
|---|---|---|
|Criminal cases|Nil<sup>(2)</sup>|Nil|
|Material civil cases|1|Nil|
|Taxation matters|1<sup>(3)</sup>|4.23|
|Outstanding actions by regulatory and<br>statutoryauthorities|1<sup>(4)</sup>|0.02|
|Disciplinaryactions in the last fiveyears|Nil|Nil|



27 

# **_Litigation by our Promoter_** 

|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of cases**|**Amount, to the extent quantifiable**<br>**_(₹ million)_**|
|---|---|---|
|Criminal cases|92|16.48|
|Material civil cases|Nil|Nil|
|Taxation matters|Nil|Nil|
|**_Litigation against our Directors_**|||
|**Type of proceeding**|**Number of cases**|**Amount, to the extent quantifiable**<br>**(in ₹ million)**|
|Criminal cases|Nil|Nil|
|Material civil cases|Nil|Nil|
|Taxation matters|Nil|Nil|
|Outstanding actions by regulatory and<br>statutoryauthorities|Nil|Nil|



_1) There are five FIRs and four private complaints filed by third parties against employees/ ex-employees in connection with actions taken by such individuals during the course of their employment with the Bank_ 

_2) There are five FIRs and one private complaint filed by third parties against employees/ ex-employees in connection with actions taken by such individuals during the course of their employment with the Promoter_ 

_3) In addition to the notice dated May 21, 2013 issued to the Promoter by the Office of the Inspecting Assistant Commissioner, Commercial Taxes, under Section 18C of the Kerala Money-lenders Act, 1958_ 

4) _Notice dated May 21, 2013 issued to the Promoter by the Office of the Inspecting Assistant Commissioner, Commercial Taxes, under Section 18C of the Kerala Money-lenders Act, 1958_ 

The amounts claimed in these proceedings have been disclosed to the extent ascertainable and include amounts claimed jointly and severally. If any new developments arise, such as a change in Indian law or rulings against us by appellate courts or tribunals, we may need to make provisions in our financial statements that could increase our expenses and current liabilities. Any adverse decision in any of these proceedings may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Since there are no material outstanding litigations (as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus) against our Bank, there was no requirement to make a provision or disclose any contingent liability in the financial statements of the Bank, as of September 30, 2019. Further, our Bank does not consider the amount involved in respect of material outstanding litigations (as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus) involving the Promoter to be a present or a potential liability and hence provision for the same has not been provided for in the books of our Bank. As of September 30, 2019, an amount of ₹ 4.25 million has been disclosed by our Bank in contingent liabilities in relation to such material outstanding litigations involving the Promoter. 

Pursuant to the Business Transfer Agreement, our Promoter, UFSL is responsible for all claims by employees until the completion date under the agreement, i.e., February 1, 2017, including any payment of costs, expenses, damages and liabilities in this regard. However, our Bank is required to be liable for any payments which may become due on account of all other claims, proceedings, suits etc., in relation to our Promoter which were pending as on the completion date (i.e., February 1, 2017) under the Business Transfer Agreement. 

For further information, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 302. 

**_10. We have recently introduced several new products and services and we cannot assure you that such products and services will be profitable in the future. Further, we may not be able to successfully diversify our product portfolio or enter into new lines of business, which may materially and adversely affect our business prospects and impact our future financial performance._** 

We have introduced several new products and services, such as personal loans, vehicle, agriculture loans and certain products of MSE loans and affordable housing loans. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Description of our Business – Our Product Portfolio”_ on page 112. We have incurred substantial costs to expand our range of products and services and we cannot assure you that such products and services will be successful, whether due to factors within or outside of our control, such as general economic conditions, a failure to understand customer demand and market requirements or management focus on these new products. We have limited experience in offering personal loans, agriculture loans and vehicle loans as well as in certain products of MSE loans and affordable housing loans, and certain of our competitors may have a longer operating history and more experience as compared to us in these businesses. Further, these operations may be accompanied by operating and marketing challenges that may be different from those we currently encounter. In addition, if we fail to successfully offer our new products and services in an increasingly competitive market, we may not be able to capture the growth opportunities associated with them or recover the development and marketing costs, and our future results of operations and growth strategies could be adversely affected. Further, we require approval from regulatory authorities before we commence offering certain services. If we fail to obtain such approvals, or to develop and launch such products and services successfully, we may lose a part or all of the costs incurred in the development of such offerings, or discontinue these offerings, which could in turn adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

28 

We will have limited experience in the new lines of business and asset segments that are targeted at a different customer segment, and may encounter additional risks by entering into such new lines of business including management and marketrelated risks. We cannot assure that such diversification or expansion of operations will in future yield and/ or continue to yield favourable or expected results, as our overall profitability and success will be subject to various factors, including, among others, our ability to effectively recruit, retain and motivate appropriate and experienced managerial talent, and ability to compete with scheduled commercial banks, housing finance companies and other NBFCs that are already well established in this market segment. Further, new businesses will require significant capital investment and commitment of time from our senior management. There also can be no assurance that our management will be able to develop the skills necessary to successfully manage these new business areas. Our inability to effectively manage any of these issues could materially and adversely affect our business and impact our future financial performance and/ or cash flows. 

**_11. We rely extensively on and continuously upgrade our information technology systems and any disruptions in such systems, or breach of data, could adversely affect our operations and reputation. Further, our success depends on our ability to respond to new technological advances._** 

Our information technology systems are a critical part of our business that help us manage, among other things, our risk management, financial controls, transaction processing, deposit servicing and loan origination functions, as well as our increasing portfolio of products and services. See “ _Our Business – Information Technology”_ on page 124. Our business is also dependent on us constantly introducing new and upgrading our existing information technology systems. Our front end, data processing, and back-end operations are automated. As a result, any disruption, breach or failure in our technology infrastructure may have significant consequences on our business operations, including: 

- disabling or malfunctioning of financial, accounting or data processing systems; 

- inability to service our customers on a timely basis or at all; 

- non-availability of regional or zonal information to our management in order to enable them to plan for or respond to contingencies and changes in market conditions in a timely manner or at all; and 

- loss of confidential or material data in relation to our financial products. 

Our hardware and software systems are subject to both potential internal and external disruptions such as damage or incapacitation by human error, natural disasters, power loss, nation/region-wide interruptions in the infrastructure, sabotage, computer viruses and similar events or the loss of support services from third-parties such as internet backbone providers. Our systems are also potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by employees, who may have a lack of experience with our newer information technology systems, or others, that may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. We undertake a high volume of transactions, including through internet and mobile banking and although we have taken adequate measures to safeguard against system-related and other failures, we cannot assure you that we will be able to prevent such failures. Data security breaches could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the public exposure of personal information (including sensitive financial and personal information) of our customers and employees. Although we intend to continue to implement security technology and establish operational procedures to prevent break-ins, damage and failures, there can be no assurance that instances of IT infringements and security breaches will not take place in the future or that our security measures will be adequate or successful. For instance, a breach in a third-party software system used to store data for certain microfinance customers and the resultant crash in October 2018 led to data loss, and was subsequently reported to the RBI. Failed security measures could have a material adverse effect on our business, our future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. Any such security breaches or compromises of technology systems could result in institution of legal proceedings against us and potential imposition of penalties, which may have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. 

Further, we have also entered into agreements with several IT companies to set up IT infrastructure and have established new technology enabled centralized processing units. If our IT vendors are unable to fulfil their contractual obligations or we encounter any failure in the timely implementation, performance or integration of such systems, we may experience interruptions in our operations, loss of customers, damaged reputation and weakening of our competitive position. In addition, our success will depend, in part, on our ability to respond to new technological advances and emerging banking and other financial services industry standards and practices in a cost-effective and timely basis. The development and implementation of such technology entails significant technical and business risks. There can be no assurance that we will successfully implement new technologies or adapt our transaction processing systems to customer requirements or improving market standards. In addition, the Supreme Court, in a recent judgement, held that private entities will be barred from using Aadhaar numbers for e-KYC authentication purposes. Pursuant to a recent amendment to the Aadhaar (Targeted Delivery of Financial and Other Subsidies, Benefits and Services) Act, 2016, which was effected after the Supreme Court judgment, entities will be able to carry out e-KYC subject to meeting certain specific conditions, including compliance with such standards of privacy and security as may be prescribed. Further, entities are allowed to carry out e-KYC only if they are permitted to offer authentication services under any other law, or if such authentication is for certain specified purposes, as the central government may prescribe. These developments are expected to severely impact banking and fintech companies, requiring them to rely on alternate means for authentication which may not be as streamlined or cost efficient. 

29 

# **_12. Our business is dependent on our operations in certain regions of India, and any adverse changes in the conditions affecting these markets can adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

While our operations are spread out in all four zones of the country, a large number of our Banking Outlets are located in the southern and eastern states of India, particularly, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and West Bengal. Consequently, a majority of our advances are from customers in these states. As of March 31, 2019 and September 30, 2019, 45.01% and 45.84%, respectively, of our Gross Advances (including securitization/ IBPC) were contributed by these states. For further information in relation to our geographical outreach, see “ _Our Business – Our Operations – Regional Concentration”_ on page 188. 

In the event of a regional slowdown in the economic activity in Karnataka, Tamil Nadu or West Bengal, or any other developments including political unrest, disruption or sustained economic downturn in these regions that make our products in these states less beneficial, we may experience an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations, which are largely dependent on the performance, geo-political and other prevailing conditions affecting the economies of these states. The market for our products in these states may perform differently from, and be subject to, market and regulatory developments that are different from the requirements in other states of India. There can be no assurance that the demand for our products will grow, or will not decrease, in the future, in these regions. 

# **_13. We depend on our brand recognition, and failure to maintain and enhance awareness of our brand would adversely affect our ability to retain and expand our base of customers._** 

We believe that any damage to the brand “ _Ujjivan_ ” or to our reputation could substantially impair our ability to maintain or grow our business, or have a material adverse effect on our overall business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are currently using the word mark, ‘ _Ujjivan_ ’, pursuant to a license agreement dated August 22, 2017 entered between our Promoter, UFSL, the original adopter and owner of the trademark, and us. Further, the license agreement permitted us to create derivatives of the licensed trademarks. In addition, pursuant to another trademark licensing agreement, our Promoter, UFSL, is permitted to use certain licensed trademarks owned and developed by us only for purposes specifically permitted by us. Further, UFSL is also permitted to develop variations/ derivations of these licensed trademarks under our supervision and any use of such variations/ derivations shall be subject to our prior written approval. Accordingly, any negative publicity on UFSL could therefore, adversely affect our brand as well. If we fail to maintain this brand recognition with our existing and target customers due to any issues with our product offerings, a deterioration in service quality, or otherwise, or if any premium in value attributed to our business or to the brands under which our services are provided declines, market perception and customer acceptance of our brands may also decline. We also distribute third-party products via partnerships with external organizations whom we have limited control over. Any negative publicity/ press affecting such external organizations might also affect our reputation and brand value. In such an event, we may not be able to compete for customers effectively, and our business, financial condition and growth prospects may be materially and adversely affected. 

In addition, any unauthorized or inappropriate use of our brand, trademarks and other related intellectual property rights by others in their corporate names or product brands or otherwise could harm our brand image, competitive advantages and business, and dilute or harm our reputation and brand recognition. We have also obtained trademark registrations for some of the terms coined by us, like _“Ujjivan - DigiBuddy_ ” (under classes 16, 35 and 36) and _“Ujjivan MicroBanking”_ (under classes 16, 35, 36 and 41). We have also made applications for registration of trademarks with the Registrar of Trademarks, including 



for our corporate logo, , under classes 16, 35, 36 and 41, which has been assigned the status ‘Accepted and Advertised’. Our domain name “ _ujjivansfb.in_ ” has been registered with the trademark registry as a word mark in classes 16, 35, 36 and 41. In addition, we have recently applied for trademark registration for “ _Ujjivan Sampoorna Family Banking_ ” (word and logo). Further, one of our trademark applications is presently assigned the status ‘Marked for Exam’ and two of our pending applications have been opposed. There can be no assurances that these applications will be registered and we will be able to gain trademark protection over key business names. For further information, see “ _Our Business – Intellectual Property”_ on page 124. Moreover, we might also be harmed by the actions of or negative press relating to entities which have similar names. 

Further, if a dispute arises with respect to any of our intellectual property rights or proprietary information, we will be required to produce evidence to defend or enforce our claims, and we may become party to litigation, which may strain our resources and divert the attention of our management. We cannot assure you that any infringement claims that are material will not arise in the future or that we will be successful in defending any such claims when they arise. Our efforts to protect our intellectual property or proprietary information and the measures we take to identify potential infringement of our intellectual property may not be adequate to detect or prevent infringement, misappropriation or unauthorized use. Further, the application of laws governing intellectual property rights in India is continuously evolving and there may be instances of infringement or passingoff of our brand in Indian markets. Our failure to adequately protect our brand, trademarks and other related intellectual property rights may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We may also be subject to claims by third parties, both inside and outside India, if we breach their intellectual property rights by using taglines, names, designs, software or other such subjects, which are of a similar nature to the intellectual property these third parties may have registered. Any legal proceedings that result in a finding that we have breached third party intellectual property rights, or any settlements concerning such claims, may require us to provide financial compensation to such third parties or make changes to 

30 

our marketing strategies or to the brand names of our products, which may have a materially adverse effect on our brand, business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_14. Our operations involve handling significant amounts of cash, making us susceptible to operational risks, including fraud, petty theft and embezzlement, which could harm our results of operations and financial position._** 

Our employees at our Banking Outlets are responsible for the collection and deposit of cash, thereby exposing us to the risks of loss, fraud, misappropriation, theft, assault and unauthorized transactions by our employees. While we strive to monitor, detect and prevent fraud or misappropriation by our employees, through various internal control measures and insurance coverage, we may be unable to adequately prevent or deter such activities in all cases. In the past, we have experienced acts of fraud (as defined under the applicable RBI guidelines), theft, assault and misappropriation committed by or involving our customers/ employees. Such acts could also bind us to transactions that exceed authorised limits or present unacceptable risks or hiding unauthorized or unlawful activities from us. In particular, in the past, we have faced several instances of employee negligence, manipulation, misrepresentation, corruption and fraud, such as forging of signatures, asking for bribe and negligence in relation to verifying original KYC documents. We have taken severe actions against our employees in regards to such instances, including, termination, suspension, show cause notice, counselling and initiation of legal proceedings before relevant authorities. For further information, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” and “ _Financial Statements_ ” on pages 302 and 198, respectively. 

While we have been able to identify fraud relating to misappropriation of funds in the past, there could be instances of fraud and misconduct by our employees which may go unnoticed for certain periods of time before corrective action is taken. In addition, we may be subject to regulatory or other proceedings in connection with any such unauthorized transaction, fraud or misappropriation by our agents or employees, which could adversely affect our goodwill, business prospects and future financial performance. Even when we identify instances of fraud and other misconduct and pursue legal recourse or file claims with our insurance carriers, we cannot assure you that we will recover any amounts lost through such fraud or other misconduct. In addition, our dependence upon automated systems to record and process transactions may further increase the risk that technical system flaws or employee tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect. 

**_15. Non-compliance with RBI inspection/ observations may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation. Any adverse observations from such regulators could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation._** 

We are subject to periodic inspections by the RBI under the Banking Regulation Act and the RBI Act, pursuant to which, the RBI advises on issues related to various risk and regulatory non-compliances. For instance, during the recent inspection conducted between January and February 2019, for Fiscal 2018, RBI has made certain observations regarding our business and operations in relation to, amongst others, (i) the lack of a system to tag PSL advances, miscategorising of PSL advances, and earning of processing fees on PSL loans; (ii) lack of a rating methodology to assess borrowers; (iii) high proportion of bulk deposits, and concentration of deposits in our top 20 depositors; (iv) liability products being offered from certain Asset Centres without RBI approval; (v) lack of a fraud management system, weak customer grievances redressal mechanism and deficiencies in AML and KYC protocols; (vi) the rate of interest mentioned in certain sanction letters being different from those mentioned in the loan agreements; (vii) discriminatory interest rate on a particular date for deposit of the same tenor and same amount; (viii) non-optimising of core banking software customised for micro-loans; and (ix) the lack of an independent compliance department. While we have responded to such observations and addressed them, and moreover for certain observations even provided a timeline by which they would be resolved, we cannot assure you that the RBI will not make similar or other observations including divergences in the future and in the event we are unable to resolve such deficiencies and other matters to the RBI’s satisfaction, the RBI may initiate adverse observations/ remarks against us. To address these observations, we are now tagging PSL loan accounts online, removed PSL loan accounts that did not qualify from such classification of PSL loans and processing fees collected from such accounts were refunded to customers. In addition, the agricultural loans that were miscategorized as PSL advances have been re-classified as non-PSL advances. We have also put in place a scorecard based framework to rate borrowers and are currently working on an automation of rating methodology for our MSE and housing loan book. In addition, we are currently evaluating vendors to automate our manual fraud management system. Further, necessary quality control processes have been implemented to prevent different interest rate being included in sanction letters and loan agreements and prevent discriminatory interest rates being applied on deposits of the same tenor and same amount. Our compliance function is now an independent function and reports to the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer. Imposition of any penalty or adverse findings by the RBI during ongoing or any future inspections may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation. 

**_16. Our deposits depend on a limited number of customers and a loss of such customers could materially and adversely affect our deposit portfolio, funding sources, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We are dependent on a limited customers for a substantial portion of our deposits. The following table sets forth certain information in relation to the percentage share of our total deposits by our top five, 10 and 20 depositors as on the respective dates indicated below: 

31 

|**Particulars**||**As of March 31,**||**As of September 30,**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2017**|**2018**|**2019**|<br>**2019**|
|||**Percentage of To**|**tal Deposits (%)**||
|Top5 depositors|96.72%|<br>39.18%|<br>20.27%|14.81%|
|Top10 depositors|97.96%|54.98%|29.02%|23.43%|
|Top20 depositors|98.32%|73.59%|41.84%|34.99%|



Reduction or loss of such deposit accounts expose us to an increasing funding risk, which could in turn adversely affect our financial performance and results of operations. A reduction in the services we perform for such customers or the loss of such major customers could result in a significant reduction of our deposits portfolio. Factors that may result in a loss of a customer include our service performance, reduction in budgets due to macroeconomic factors or otherwise and shift in policies and political or economic factors. There is significant competition for the services we provide and we are typically not an exclusive service provider to our large customers. These factors may not be predictable or under our control. Significant pricing or margin pressure exerted by our customers could also adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our clients may reduce or remove their deposits from our Bank, with or without cause or notice, at any time. If any of our customers reduce or remove their deposit accounts from our Bank, our deposits portfolio, funding sources, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

**_17. All our Banking Outlets and Asset Centres along with our Registered Office and Corporate Office are on leased premises and we are also in the process of entering into new lease arrangements for our proposed Banking Outlets. Any inability on our part to identify suitable premises or enter into or renew lease agreements on terms acceptable to us, may have an adverse effect on our operations._** 

As of September 30, 2019, our operations were spread across 24 states and union territories through 552 Banking Outlets including 141 Banking Outlets in URCs, and four Asset Centres, all located on leased premises. Further, our Registered Office and Corporate Office are also located on leased premises. In addition, we intend to gradually open additional Banking Outlets on leased premises in the future. We are currently in the process of identifying such premises and entering into lease agreements. Consequently, any inability on our part to identify suitable premises for our Banking Outlets, or enter into or renew lease agreements on terms acceptable to us, may have an adverse effect on our operations. 

Further, in case of non-renewal of our leases or if such agreements are renewed on unfavorable terms and conditions, we may be forced to procure alternative space for our existing Banking Outlets, Asset Centres, Registered Office and Corporate Office and incur additional costs in such relocation. In addition, certain of our Banking Outlets are located on premises that have been mortgaged by landlords to secure credit facilities obtained from lenders. If the lenders enforce the mortgage on account of any default by the landlords and subsequently, cancel our leasehold arrangements, or refuse to renew them on terms that are commercially acceptable to us, we may be compelled to relocate from such premises. This may cause a disruption in our operations or result in increased costs, or both, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations in respect of such defaulting premises. Further, some of our lease agreements may not be adequately stamped or registered with the registering authority of the appropriate jurisdiction. An instrument not duly stamped, or insufficiently stamped, shall not be admitted as evidence in any Indian court or may attract a penalty as prescribed under applicable law for admission, which could adversely affect the continuance of our operations and business. Although we procure space that satisfies the safety, operational and financial criteria for our Banking Outlets, we cannot assure you that we will be able to identify such space at commercially reasonable terms or at all. 

# **_18. Our inability to expand our Banking Outlets network, ATMs or manage our infrastructure or if we are unable to attract new customers may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We have a large and diverse Banking Outlet and Asset Centre network across India. As of September 30, 2019, we operated in 552 Banking Outlets that included 141 in URCs of which seven were business correspondents and additionally operated four Asset Centres across 24 states and union territories in India. In Fiscal 2019, we operationalized 287 Banking Outlets in India including 150 Banking Outlets in URCs and rural and semi-urban areas. We intend to grow our network of Banking Outlets in our existing markets and new markets in India and attract new customers. We have incurred substantial expenditure in setting up such Banking Outlets. Our newly opened Banking Outlets may not be profitable immediately upon their opening or may take time to break even. In the event of a delay in achieving break even by the newly opened Banking Outlets within a reasonable period as envisaged by us, our profitability may be affected. We have also increased our number of ATMs from 12 as of March 31, 2017 to 385 as of March 31, 2019 and 441 ATMs (including 18 ACRs) as of September 30, 2019. We will need to enhance and improve our financial, accounting, information technology, administrative and operational infrastructure and internal capabilities in order to manage the future growth of our business. However, we cannot assure you that we will succeed in implementing such strategies, as their successful implementation is subject to many factors beyond our control. Factors such as competition and customer requirements, in these new markets may differ from those in our existing markets. In addition, we are likely to compete with other banks and financial institutions, and local unorganized or semi-organized private financiers, who are more familiar with local business practices and customs, and have stronger relationships with the target customers. 

As we plan to expand our geographic footprint in India, our business may be exposed to additional challenges, including obtaining additional governmental or regulatory approvals, identifying and collaborating with local business partners with whom we may have no existing relationship, successfully marketing our products in markets in which we have no familiarity, 

32 

attracting customers in a market in which we do not have significant experience or visibility, maintaining standardized systems and procedures, adapting our marketing strategy and operations to new markets in India in which different languages are spoken, higher technology costs, upgrading, expanding and securing our technology platform in such Banking Outlets, operational risks including integration of internal controls and procedures, compliance with KYC, AML and other regulatory norms, ensuring customer satisfaction, recruiting, training and retaining skilled personnel, failure to manage third-party service providers in relation to any outsourced services and difficulties in the integration of new Banking Outlets with our existing Banking Outlets network. To address these challenges, we may have to make significant investments that may not yield desired results or incur costs that we may not be able to recover. If we are unable to implement such growth strategies, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows will be adversely affected. 

**_19. We have in this Red Herring Prospectus included certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other selected statistical information related to our operations and financial performance. These non-GAAP measures and statistical information may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the financial services industry, and therefore may not be comparable with financial or statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other financial services companies._** 

Certain non-GAAP financial measures and certain other statistical information, such as Yield, Spread and Net Interest Margin, relating to our operations and financial performance have been included in this section and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “ _Selected Statistical Information_ ” on page 171. We compute and disclose such nonGAAP financial measures and such other statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance, and because such measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and others to evaluate the operational performance of financial services businesses, many of which provide such non-GAAP financial measures and other statistical and operational information when reporting their financial results. These non-GAAP financial measures and other statistical and other information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures and statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other financial services companies. 

**_20. The value of our collateral may decrease or we may experience delays in enforcing collateral when borrowers default on their obligations, which may result in failure to recover the expected value of collateral security exposing us to potential loss._** 

We disburse certain loans that are secured by assets and follow certain procedures to evaluate the credit profiles of our customers. However, the value of the collateral obtained by us may fluctuate or decline due to factors beyond our control, including deterioration in regional economic conditions or of asset values or as a result of adverse changes in the credit quality of our borrowers and counterparties or delays in foreclosure proceedings or defects or deficiencies in the perfection of collateral. In the event of a decline in any of these, some of our loans may exceed the value of their underlying collateral. Changes in asset prices may cause the value of our collateral to decline. Further, as part of our strategy, we intend to increase the proportion of secured to unsecured products in our MSE segments, thereby further exposing us to the risk involving value and enforcement of collaterals. Our secured advances have grown from ₹ 1,169.77 million as of March 31, 2017 (which constituted 1.83% of our Gross Advances (including securitization/ IBPC)) to ₹ 15,014.62 million as of March 31, 2019 (which constituted 13.59% of our Gross Advances (including securitization/ IBPC)) and were ₹ 24,944.65 million as of September 30, 2019 (which constituted 19.39% of our Gross Advances (including securitization/ IBPC)). 

While we factor in any reduction in value to an extent, it may not be sufficient if the value of the collateral reduces substantially. This is particularly applicable in situation where the advances are secured by highly depreciating fixed assets such as, amongst others, vehicles. As a result, if our customers default, we may receive less money from liquidating the collateral than is owed under the relevant financing facility, and incur losses, even in cases where we are able to successfully seize and liquidate the collateral. Our group loan products are built on the peer-guarantee loan model, wherein borrowers form a joint liability group and provide guarantees for loans obtained by each member of such group without such members having to provide collateral or security on an individual basis. Though members of a joint liability group are inter-dependent, there can be no assurance that such joint liability arrangements will ensure full or partial repayment by the other members of the joint liability group in the event of default by any one of them. Further, individual loans, which are not based on the joint liability group model, impose a higher risk on us in terms of our ability to recover the loan amount. In addition, the collateral for our secured MSE loans and affordable housing loans primarily includes mortgage over our customers’ residential or commercial property and we are therefore exposed to adverse movements in the price of such immoveable property and the real estate market in general. We are also exposed to the risk arising out of forged title deeds and property documents given as collateral for our secured loans as well as the fact that there is no centralized land title registry in India. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully seize the collateral in the event of customer default and may face delays and incur legal and administrative costs in the repossession and sale of the collateral. Legal proceedings for such purposes in India are often time consuming and if we are unable to seize and recover the full value of collateral in a timely manner, or at all, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected. In the event our borrowers default on the repayment of loans, we may not be able to realize the full value of the collateral due to various reasons, including a possible decline in the realizable value of the collateral, defective title or pledge of damaged items as security, prolonged legal proceedings and fraudulent actions by borrowers, or we may not be able to foreclose on collateral at all. Further, we may be required to increase our provision for loan 

33 

losses in case of any decline in the value of the security, which could impair our ability to realize the secured assets upon any foreclosure. 

**_21. Our business is particularly vulnerable to interest rate risk, and any volatility in interest rates or inability to manage interest rate risk could adversely affect our Net Interest Margins, income from treasury operations, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our results of operations depend substantially on our Net Interest Income, which is the difference between our interest earned and interest expended. Interest rate risk depends upon the nature of gaps in rate sensitive assets and rate sensitive liabilities. Any change in interest rates or their volatility would affect our interest expense on our interest-bearing liabilities as well as our Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margins. Any increase in our cost of funds may lead to a reduction in our Net Interest Margins, or require us to increase interest rates on loans disbursed to customers in the future to maintain our Net Interest Margins. In Fiscal 2017, 2018, 2019 and in the six months ended September 30, 2019, interest expended represented 48.86%, 38.59%, 39.45% and 41.62%, respectively, of our total expenses. In Fiscal 2017, 2018, 2019 and in the six months ended September 30, 2019, our Net Interest Margins were 8.36%, 10.31%, 10.93% and 10.64%, respectively. For further information, see “ _Selected Statistical Information”_ on page 171. 

Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond our control, including the monetary policies of the RBI, deregulation of the financial sector in India, domestic and international economic and political conditions and other factors, which have historically generated a relatively high degree of volatility in interest rates in India. In the event of an increase in the interest rates that we are required to pay on our borrowings, we cannot assure you that we will be able to pass such increased costs to our customers. Further, to the extent our borrowings are linked to market interest rates which increase, or to the extent we are unable to supplement our sources of liquidity with deposits from our customers, we may have to pay interest on our borrowings at a higher rate. Our inability to effectively manage interest rate risk may cause our Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margins to decline, which may adversely affect our business, result of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

The requirement that we maintain a portion of our assets in fixed income government securities could also have a negative impact on our Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margins since we typically earn interest on this portion of our assets at rates that are generally less favorable than those typically received on our other interest-earning assets. We are also exposed to interest rate risk through our treasury operations when we commence trading in securities. Any rise in interest rates or any greater interest rate volatility could adversely affect our income from treasury operations. In addition, any change in the volume of business in our treasury operations and profitability, could have an adverse impact on the overall profitability of the Bank. 

**_22. Our risk management measures may not be fully effective in mitigating our risks in all market environments or against all types of risks, which may adversely affect our business and financial performance._** 

Our risk management functions are divided on the basis of principal risks defined under applicable Basel II guidelines, i.e., credit risk, market risk, operational risk, information technology risk and liquidity risk. While we believe we have a welldefined risk management governance framework that comprises of a risk management committee of our Board and management sub committees for management of credit, market, liquidity, information technology and operational risk, to the extent any of the instruments and strategies we use to hedge or otherwise manage our exposure to market or credit risk are not effective, we may not be able to mitigate effectively our risk exposures, in particular to market environments or against particular types of risk. We have devoted significant resources to develop our risk management policies and procedures and aim to continue to devote such resources in the future. See “ _Our Business - Risk Management_ ” on page 121. Despite this, our policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage risks may not be fully effective. Some of our methods of managing risks are based upon the use of observed historical market behavior. As a result, these methods may not accurately predict future risk exposures which could be significantly greater than those indicated by the historical measures. Management of operations, legal and regulatory risks requires, among other things, policies and procedures to properly record and verify a large number of transactions and events, and these policies and procedures may not be fully effective. As we seek to expand the scope of our operations, we also face the risk that we may not be able to develop risk management policies and procedures that are properly designed for new business areas or to manage the risks associated with the growth of our existing businesses effectively. Implementation and monitoring may prove particularly challenging with respect to businesses that we plan on developing. An inability to develop and implement effective risk management policies may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We intend to continue to periodically test and update our risk management functions. However, we are exposed to operational risks arising from inadequacy or failure of internal processes or systems, and our actions may not be sufficient to result in an effective internal control environment. Given our high volume of transactions and changing technology and payments landscape, errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and rectified. Our management information systems and internal control procedures that are designed to monitor our operations and overall compliance may not be able to identify non-compliance or suspicious transactions in a timely manner, or at all. Where internal control weaknesses are identified, our actions may not be sufficient to fully correct such internal control weaknesses. In addition, certain processes are carried out manually, which may increase the risk that human error, tampering, frauds or manipulation will result in losses that may be difficult to detect. As a result, we may suffer monetary losses, which may not be covered by our insurance policies. Any failure or material weakness in our risk management architecture could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

34 

**_23. We may not be able to detect money-laundering and other illegal or improper activities in a comprehensive manner or on a timely basis, which could expose us to additional liability and harm our business or reputation._** 

We are required to comply with applicable anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism laws and other regulations in India. These laws and regulations require us to adopt certain measures, including, to adopt and enforce “know-your-customer/ anti-money laundering/ combating financing of terrorism” ( **“KYC/AML/CFT”** ) policies and procedures and to report suspicious and large transactions to the applicable regulatory authorities. Remittances are increasingly required to be covered under our scrutiny and monitoring. We are also required to undertake constant review and assessment of existing control processes and programs to meet the increased regulatory expectation. We face significant challenges with system upgradation to meet the requirements of such regulatory developments. While we regularly adopt policies and procedures aimed at detecting and preventing the use of our banking networks for money-laundering activities and by terrorists and terrorist-related organizations and individuals generally, such policies and procedures may not completely eliminate instances where we may be used by other parties to engage in money-laundering and other illegal or improper activities due to, in part, the short history of these policies and procedures. In addition, there may be significant inconsistencies in the manner in which specific operational and KYC/AML/CFT policies are actually interpreted and implemented at an operational level in each of the Banking Outlet and other customer interface levels. Our business and reputation could suffer if any such parties use our banking channels for money-laundering or illegal or improper purposes. 

While we continue to strengthen our AML and KYC procedures, to the extent we fail to fully comply with applicable laws and regulations, the relevant governmental and regulatory agencies may impose fines and other penalties. In addition, any adverse action taken by such agencies could adversely affect our reputation, thereby affecting our business and future financial performance. 

**_24. We are required to comply with certain restrictive covenants under our financing agreements. Any non-compliance may lead to, amongst others, accelerated repayment schedule and suspension of further drawdowns, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial conditions._** 

Some of the financing arrangements entered into by us include conditions that require our Bank to obtain respective lenders’ consent prior to carrying out certain activities and entering into certain transactions. Failure to meet these conditions or obtain these consents could have significant consequences on our business and operations. These covenants vary depending on the requirements of the financial institution extending such loan and the conditions negotiated under each financing agreement. Some of the corporate actions that require prior consents from certain lenders include, amongst others, altering our capital structure, changing our current ownership/ control, formulating a scheme of amalgamation, compromise or reconstruction, material change in management, implementing a scheme of expansion, declaration or payment of dividend in case of default, and amending constitutional documents. Further, under certain financing agreements, we are required to maintain specific credit ratings and if we fail to do so, it would result in an event of default. We are also required to maintain certain financial ratios and ensure compliance with regulatory requirements such as maintenance of capital adequacy ratios, qualifying asset norms and ensure positive net worth. Failure to comply with such covenants may restrict or delay certain actions or initiatives that we may propose to take from time to time. Some of our lenders are also entitled to appoint directors on the Board of our Bank. 

In addition, our lenders may recall all or part of such unsecured amounts borrowed by us on short or no notice. Such recalls on borrowed amounts may be contingent upon happening of an event beyond our control and there can be no assurance that we will be able to persuade our lenders to give us extensions or to refrain from exercising such recalls which may adversely affect our operations and cash flows. 

A failure to observe the covenants under our financing arrangements or to obtain necessary waivers may lead to the termination of our credit facilities, acceleration of amounts due under such facilities and suspension of further access/ withdrawals, either in whole or in part, for the use of the facility. Pursuant to clauses in certain financing agreements, any defaults under such facilities may also trigger cross default or cross acceleration provisions under our other financing agreements. If the obligations under any of our financing documents are accelerated, we may have to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments under such financing documents, thereby reducing the availability of cash for our working capital requirements and other general corporate purposes. In addition, during any period in which we are in default, we may be unable to raise, or face difficulties raising, further financing. 

**_25. We do not have certain supporting documents for the educational qualifications included as a part of the biography of one of our Key Managerial Personnel included in the “Our Management” section of this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

We do not have certain documents supporting the educational qualification of one of our Key Managerial Personnel, namely, Rajat Singh. The said Key Managerial Personnel is unable to trace the copy in his records and has therefore, applied to the relevant educational institution for obtaining copies of the supporting documents, a response in this regard is awaited. In absence of such documents, we have provided disclosure in this Red Herring Prospectus based on an affidavit provided by him. Therefore, we have been unable to independently verify and cannot assure you that such information relating to the educational background of the said Key Managerial Personnel included in the section “ _Our Management_ ” on page 141, is complete, true and accurate. 

35 

# **_26. Our inability to grow our CASA ratio may result in higher cost of deposits and impact our financial condition._** 

As of March 31, 2019 and September 30, 2019, the share of CASA to total deposits ratio was at 10.63% and 11.87%, respectively. We may not be able to grow our CASA deposits and ratio owing to the increased competition from other banks and lending institutions. In order to attract retail customers and increase our CASA deposits, we intend to introduce new products and promote our products through marketing campaigns. The interest rates that we must pay to attract customer deposits are determined by numerous factors such as the prevailing interest rate structure, competitive landscape, Indian monetary policy and inflation. However, there is no assurance that we will be successful in growing our CASA base. If we fail to grow our CASA ratio, our financial condition and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected. 

**_27. You will not, without prior RBI approval, be able to acquire Equity Shares if such acquisition would result in an individual or group holding 5% or more of our share capital or voting rights; you may not be able to exercise voting rights in excess of 26% of the total voting rights of our Bank._** 

The Banking Regulation Act, read with the SFB Licensing Guidelines, requires any person to seek prior approval of the RBI, to acquire or agree to acquire shares or voting rights of a bank, either directly or indirectly, beneficial or otherwise, by himself or acting in concert with other persons, wherein such acquisition (taken together with shares or voting rights held by him or his relative or associate enterprise or persons acting in concert with him) results in the aggregate shareholding of such persons to be 5% or more of the paid-up share capital of a bank or entitles him to exercise 5% or more of the voting rights in a bank. Further, as per the Banking Regulations Act read with gazette notification dated DBR.PSBD.No.1084/16.13.100/2016-17 dated July 21, 2016, no shareholder in a bank can exercise voting rights on poll in excess of 26% of total voting rights of all the shareholders of the bank. 

Further, any acquisition of shareholding/voting rights of 5% or more of the paid-up capital of the bank or total voting rights of the bank shall be subject to obtaining prior approval from the RBI. Such approval may be granted by the RBI if it is satisfied that the applicant meets certain fitness and propriety tests. The RBI may require the proposed acquirer to seek further RBI approval for subsequent acquisitions. Further, the RBI may, by passing an order, restrict any person holding more than 5% of our total voting rights from exercising voting rights in excess of 5%, if such person is deemed to be not fit and proper by the RBI. For details, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 128. 

**_28. An inability to renew or maintain our statutory and regulatory permits and approvals required to operate our business may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operation._** 

We are required to obtain various statutory and regulatory permits and approvals to operate our business which requires us to comply with certain terms and conditions to continue our banking operations. These include approvals from the RBI for various aspects of our banking operations (including for services such as NEFT, RTGS and foreign exchange dealing), approvals for providing internet and phone banking services and licenses from other regulatory authorities, such as the IRDAI and PFRDA, for distribution of insurance or pension products. Our RBI In-Principle Approval and RBI Final Approval also require us to comply with certain terms and conditions. In the event that we are unable to comply with any or all of these terms and conditions, or seek waivers or extensions of time for complying with these terms and conditions, it is possible that the RBI may revoke this license or may place stringent restrictions on our operations. This may result in the interruption of all or some of our operations and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results and cash flow. Further, we may need to apply for new licenses and approvals and renew our existing ones, which expire from time to time. In the event that we are unable to renew or maintain other statutory permits and approvals or comply with regulatory requirements, it may result in the interruption of all or some of our operations, imposition of penalties and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial performance and reputation. 

In addition, we are required to obtain certain approvals, including shops and establishment licenses, trade licenses, contract labour registration, employee provident fund and tax registrations. See “ _Government and Other Approvals”_ on page 315. Further, our approvals and licenses are subject to numerous conditions, some of which are onerous and may require us to incur substantial expenditure in order to comply with such conditions. We cannot assure you that the approvals, licenses, registrations or permits issued to us will not be suspended or revoked, or that applicable penalties will not be imposed on us in the event of non-compliance with any terms and conditions. We may also incur substantial costs related to litigation if we are subject to significant regulatory action, which may adversely affect our business, future financial performance and results of operations. 

**_29. Our operations depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about customers and counterparties which if inaccurate or materially misleading could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Further, high levels of customer defaults could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business involves lending money to smaller, relatively low income entrepreneurs and individuals who may not have any credit history and as a result we are more vulnerable to customer default risks including default or delay in repayment of principal or interest on our loans. Some lines of business, such as vehicle loans, principally focuses on first time users who have limited access to capital through formal banking channels and housing finance focuses on relatively small ticket loans and the affordable housing segment. Further, MSE advances are eligible to be classified as PSL loans only if requisite documentation is provided by the borrower to attest to its investment in plant and machinery, and if such documents are not submitted, MSE loans cannot be classified as PSL compliant. A significant majority of our customers belong to the low income group and may 

36 

not have any credit history supported by tax returns, credit card statements, statements of previous loan exposures or other related documents. They may also have limited formal education, and generally are able to furnish very limited information for us to be able to assess their creditworthiness accurately. In addition, we may not receive updated information regarding any change in the financial condition of our customers or may receive inaccurate or incomplete information. It is therefore difficult to carry out a formal credit risk analyses on our customers based on financial information. Although, we believe that our risk management controls are stringently applied, there can be no assurance that they will be sufficient or that additional risk management strategies for our customers will not be required. Failure to maintain sufficient credit assessment policies, particularly for individual borrowers, could adversely affect our credit portfolio, which could have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Further, our customers may default on their obligations as a result of various factors including bankruptcy, lack of liquidity and/ or failure of the business or commercial venture in relation to which such borrowings were sanctioned. Although our micro banking business operates through a system of joint liability, and certain of our MSE finance business involve collaterals, we may still be exposed to defaults in payment, which we may not be able to recover in full. If our borrowers fail to repay loans in a timely manner or at all, our financial condition and results of operations will be adversely impacted. 

# **_30. We undertake certain fee and commission-based activities and our financial performance may be adversely affected by an inability to generate income from such activities._** 

We have expanded our operations from undertaking banking activities to providing certain fee and commission-based services. Revenue from fee and commission based services was ₹ 105.86 million, ₹ 792.05 million, ₹ 1,394.57 million and ₹ 1,017.00 million in Fiscal 2017, 2018, 2019 and in the six months ended September 30, 2019, respectively and contributed 4.73%, 5.02%, 6.84% and 7.09%, respectively, of our total income, in the same periods. Our fee and commission based activities include distribution of third party insurance and bancassurance. Further, as part of our growth strategy, we intend to focus on increasing our non-interest income by focusing on bancassurance, fee and processing charges from loan and advances, foreign exchange business, credit and debit card business. New initiatives, products and services entail a number of risks and challenges, including risks relating to execution, the failure to identify new segments, the inability to attract customers and the inability to make competitive offerings. If we are unable to successfully diversify our products and services while managing the related risks and challenges, returns on such products and services may be less than anticipated, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_31. Our insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover claims. If we incur substantial uninsured loss or loss that exceeds our insurance coverage, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition._** 

While we are covered by a range of insurance that we believe is consistent with industry practice in India and in accordance with the guidelines provided by RBI to cover risks associated with our business, we cannot assure you that the existing coverage will insure our Bank completely against all risks and losses that may arise in the future. For instance, we maintain a group health insurance policy, group personal accident insurance policy, group life insurance policy, workmen’s compensation policy, burglary policy, standard fire and perils policy, directors’ and officers’ liability policy and special perils policy. The total fixed assets of the Bank amounted to ₹ 2,962.09 million as of September 30, 2019, out of which ₹ 2,121.46 million worth of fixed assets were covered by the Bank’s insurance cover. Consequently, the Bank’s insurance cover for fixed assets as a percentage of total fixed assets of the Bank as of September 30, 2019 was 71.62%. We may not have insurance to cover all of the risks associated with our business, as insurance coverage is either unavailable for certain risks or is prohibitively expensive. In addition, even if such losses are insured, we may be compelled to contribute a substantial deductible on any claim for recovery of such a loss, or the amount of the loss may exceed our coverage for the loss. In addition, our insurance policies are generally subject to annual renewal, and our ability to renew these policies on similar or otherwise acceptable terms, cannot be assured. If we incur a serious uninsured loss or a loss that significantly exceeds the limits of our insurance policies, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_32. The success of our business operations is dependent on our senior management team and key management personnel as well as our ability to attract, train and retain such employees._** 

The continued success of our business operations is attributable to our senior management team and key managerial personnel. We believe that the inputs and experience of our senior management, in particular, and other key personnel are valuable for the development of our business and operations and the strategic directions taken by our Bank. For details in relation to the experience of our key managerial personnel, see “ _Our Management”_ on page 141. Our ability to sustain our growth depends upon our ability to attract and retain key personnel, developing managerial experience to address emerging business and operating challenges and ensuring a high standard of customer service. We cannot assure you that these individuals or any other member of our senior management team will not leave us or join a competitor or that we will be able to retain such personnel or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. For instance, Samit Kumar Ghosh, our Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, will be retiring in Fiscal 2020. Further, we may require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when qualified personnel terminate their employment with our Bank. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting employees that our business requires. The loss of the services of such persons may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Additionally, the RBI reserves the right under the Banking Regulation Act to remove managerial persons from office and/ or supersede the Board in order to protect interests of depositors of our Bank. 

37 

Hiring and retaining personnel qualified and experienced in credit-appraisal and asset valuation, is difficult. We may also face attrition of our existing workforce as a result of increased competition or other factors relating to our businesses. In Fiscal 2018, Fiscal 2019 and in the six months ended September 30, 2019, our attrition rate was 18.08%, 20.26% and 26.07%, respectively. If we cannot hire additional qualified personnel or retain them, our ability to expand our business will be impaired and our revenue could decline. We will need to recruit new employees, who will have to be trained and integrated into our operations. We will also have to train existing employees to adhere properly to internal controls and risk management procedures. Failure to train and motivate our employees properly may result in an increase in employee attrition rates, require additional hiring, erode the quality of customer service, divert management resources, increase our exposure to high-risk credit and impose significant costs on us. 

**_33. We may face cyber threats attempting to exploit our network to disrupt services to customers and/ or theft of sensitive internal data or customer information, which may cause damage to our reputation and adversely affect our business and financial performance._** 

We offer online banking services to our customers. Our online banking channel includes multiple services such as electronic funds transfer, bill payment services, requesting account statements, and requesting check books. Therefore, by providing such services, we are exposed to various cyber threats including (i) phishing and trojans targeting our customers, wherein fraudsters send unsolicited mails to our customers seeking account sensitive information or to infect customer machines to search and attempt exfiltration of account sensitive information; and (ii) hacking, wherein attackers seek to hack into our website with the primary intention of causing reputational damage to us by disrupting services; and (iii) data theft, wherein cyber criminals may attempt to enter our network with the intention of stealing our data or information. In addition, we also face the risk of our customers incorrectly blaming us and terminating their accounts with us for any cyber security breaches that may have occurred on their own system or with that of an unrelated third party. In the past, we have faced a breach in a third-party software system used for our loan origination, which resulted in a crash in October 2018 and led to data loss and was also subsequently reported to the RBI. Any cyber security breach could also subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny and expose us to civil litigation and related financial liability. While we have implemented certain checks and measures to prevent such threats such as, amongst others, customer sensitization, there can be no assurance that cyber threats will not take place in the future. 

**_34. Weakness or failures of our internal control system may cause significant operational errors, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business._** 

Banks and financial institutions are generally exposed to many types of operational risks, including the risk of fraud or other misconduct by employees or outsiders, unauthorized transactions by employees and third parties (including violation of regulations for prevention of corrupt practices, and other regulations governing our business activities), or operational errors, including clerical or record keeping errors or errors resulting from faulty computer or telecommunications systems. Given the high volume of transactions that we handle on a day to day basis, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and successfully rectified. In addition, our dependence upon automated systems to record and process transactions may further increase the risk that technical system flaws or employee tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect. 

We also outsource certain functions/ activities to other agencies. We are also, as a result exposed to the risk that such external agencies may be unable to fulfil their contractual obligations to us (or will be subject to the same risk of fraud or operational errors by their respective employees as we are), and to the risk that our (or such agencies) business continuity and data security systems prove not to be sufficiently adequate. We also face the risk that the design of our controls and procedures may prove inadequate, or are circumvented, thereby causing delays in detection or errors in information. While we periodically test and update, as necessary, our internal control systems, we are exposed to operational risks arising from the potential inadequacy or failure of internal processes or systems, and our actions may not be sufficient to guarantee effective internal controls in all circumstances. 

Our management information systems and internal control procedures that are designed to monitor our operations and overall compliance may not identify every instance of non-compliance or every suspicious transaction. If internal control weaknesses are identified, our actions may not be sufficient to fully correct such internal control weakness. In Fiscal 2019, the number of frauds detected were 149, having an aggregate pecuniary implication of ₹ 2.03 million, while in the six months ended September 30, 2019, the number of frauds detected were 89 having an aggregate pecuniary implication of ₹ 0.76 million. 

# **_35. RBI may remove any employee, managerial person or may supersede our Board of Directors in certain circumstances._** 

The Banking Regulation Act confers powers on the RBI to remove from office any director, chairman, chief executive officer or other officers or employees of a bank in certain circumstances. RBI also has the powers to supersede the board of directors of a bank and appoint an administrator to manage the bank for a period of up to 12 months in certain circumstances. The RBI may exercise powers of supersession where it is satisfied, in consultation with the central government that it is in the public interest to do so, to prevent the affairs of any bank from being conducted in a manner that is detrimental to the interest of the depositors, or for securing the proper management of any bank. Should any of the steps as explained herein be taken by RBI, our reputation, business, results of operations and financial conditions would be materially and adversely affected. 

38 

# **_36. A portion of our interest income is derived from loans that have a tenure of six to 24 months. Any significant reduction in such short-term loans may result in a corresponding decrease in our interest income and adversely affect our operations and profitability._** 

Our micro banking portfolio comprises of loans that have a tenure of six to 24 months. For further information, see “ _Selected Statistical Information_ ” on page 171. Our customers may not obtain new loans from us upon maturity of their existing loans, particularly if competition increases. Further, asset liability mismatches create liquidity surplus or liquidity crunch situations and depending upon the interest rate movement, such situations may adversely affect our Net Interest Income. The potential instability of our interest income could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain a positive ALM. Any mismatch in our ALM, may lead to a liquidity risk and have an adverse effect on our operations and profitability. 

**_37. Negative cash flows from operating activities in the future could adversely affect our cash flow requirements, our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans, thereby affecting our financial performance._** 

We have in the past, and may in future, experience negative cash flows from operating activities. The following table sets forth certain information relating to our cash flows from operating activities for the periods indicated: 

|**Particulars**|**2017**|**Fiscal**<br>**2018**|**2019**<br>**(₹ mi**|**Six months ended**<br>**September 30,**<br>**2018**<br>**llion)**|**Six months ended**<br>**September 30,**<br>**2019**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Net cash generated / (utilised) from<br>operatingactivities|(70,837.94)|23,137.09|4,777.17|(2,035.17)|3,359.87|



We experienced negative cash flows from operating activities in Fiscal 2017 primarily due to the Business Transfer Agreement pursuant to which UFSL, the Promoter of the Bank, transferred its business to the Bank and also on account of our Bank beginning its operations on February 1, 2017, which resulted in Fiscal 2017 only reflecting two months of operations from February 1, 2017 to March 31, 2017. Further, in the six months ended September 30, 2018, we also experienced negative cash flows primarily on account of increase in net working capital adjustments (comprising primarily of increase in advances in line with growth in our business), compared to our operating profit before working capital changes in the same periods. For further information, see “ _Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Cash Flows – Operating Activities_ ” on page 288. 

Negative cash flows over extended periods, or significant negative cash flows in the short term, could materially impact our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. As a result, our cash flows, business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. For further information, see “ _Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on page 270. 

**_38. Our operations could be adversely affected by strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees or any other kind of disputes with our employees._** 

As of September 30, 2019, we had 16,776 employees. Although we have not experienced any material labour unrest as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, we cannot assure you that we will not experience disruptions in work due to disputes or other problems with our work force in the future. Any labour unrest directed against us could prevent or hinder our normal operating activities, and, if not resolved in a timely manner, could lead to disruptions in our operations. These actions are impossible for us to predict or control and any such event could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. While we believe that we have a strong working relationship with our employees, there can be no assurance that we will continue to have such a relationship in the future, and that there will not be significant strikes or disputes with employees that could affect our operations in future. Further, recently, the Supreme Court changed the method of calculating the contribution towards provident fund of an employee which is expected to result in greater provident fund deductions and lower take home salary for employees as well as an increase in employer’s share of contributions towards provident fund to the employees’ account. This change in method of computation may expose us to greater scrutiny, inspections and potential penalties for non-payment of contributions on allowances. 

**_39. We have not paid dividend in the past on our Equity Shares. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and lender consents and there can be no assurance that we will be able to pay dividends in the future._** 

We have not declared dividends on our Equity Shares since our incorporation. We intend to invest our future earnings, if any, to fund our growth. The amount of our future dividend payments, if any, will be at the discretion of the Board, guidelines as may be prescribed by the RBI from time to time and will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants in our financing arrangements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. Further, the Preference Shareholders are entitled to priority in respect of any dividend payment vis-à-vis Equity Shareholders. 

39 

# **_40. Any downgrade of our debt ratings could adversely affect our business._** 

Our debt is rated by various agencies, including by CRISIL Limited and CARE Ratings Limited. Our long term bank facilities have been rated CARE A+; Stable by CARE Ratings Limited, our certificate of deposits have been rated CRISIL A1+ by CRISIL Limited. Any downgrade in our credit ratings may increase interest rates for refinancing our outstanding debt, which would increase our financing costs, and adversely affect our future issuances of debt and our ability to raise new capital on a competitive basis, which may adversely affect our profitability and future growth. There can be no assurance that these ratings will not be further revised or changed by the above rating agencies which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_41. The rise of digital platforms and payment solutions may adversely impact our fees, and there may be disintermediation in the loan market by fintech companies._** 

Through our electronically linked Banking Outlets network and centralized processing, we effectively provide a nationwide collection, disbursement and payment systems for our customers. Disruption from digital platforms could have an adverse effect on the fees that we have traditionally received on such services. We also face threat to our loan market from newer business models, including partnering with fintech companies, that leverage technology to bring together savers and borrowers. Over a period, we may not be competitive in facing up to the challenges from such newer entrants. This may, accordingly, have an adverse impact on our business and growth strategy. 

# **_42. Any future hedging strategies may not be successful in preventing all risk of losses._** 

In the future, should the guidelines for small finance banks be modified, we may utilize a variety of financial instruments, such as interest rate futures for proprietary hedging and derivatives for proprietary hedging. Hedging transactions may limit the opportunity for gain if the value of the hedged positions should increase, it may not be possible for us to hedge against a change or event at a price sufficient to fully protect our assets from the decline in value of the positions anticipated as a result of such change. In addition, it may not be possible to hedge against certain changes or events at all. While we may enter into such transactions to seek to reduce interest rate risks, or the risks posed by the occurrence of certain other events, unanticipated changes in interest rates or the non-occurrence of other events being hedged may result in our poorer overall performance than if we had not engaged in any such hedging transaction. In addition, the degree of correlation between price movements of the instruments used in a hedging strategy and price movements in the position being hedged may vary. Moreover, for a variety of reasons, we may not seek to establish a perfect correlation between such hedging instruments and the positions being hedged. Such imperfect correlation may prevent us from achieving the intended hedge or expose us to additional risk of loss. 

# **_43. Our Promoter, certain of our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel have interests in us other than reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits._** 

Our Promoter, certain of our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel may be regarded as having an interest in our Bank other than reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits. Our Promoter, certain Directors and Key Managerial Personnel may be deemed to be interested to the extent of Equity Shares held by them as well as to the extent of any dividends, employee stock options, bonuses, rights pursuant to the USFB ESOP 2019, USFB ESPS 2019 or other distributions on such Equity Shares. For further information, see “ _Capital Structure_ ”, “ _Our Management_ ”  and “ _Our Promoter and Promoter Group – Interests of our Promoter_ ” on pages 65, 141 and 166, respectively. 

**_44. One of our Independent Directors is associated with companies engaged in similar lines of business as our Bank. Any conflict of interest which may occur between our business and the activities undertaken by such companies, could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Sachin Bansal, an Independent Director on our Board, is a director on the board of Chaitanya Rural Intermediation Development Services Private Limited (“ **Chaitanya Rural** ”), a non-deposit taking, systemically-important NBFC. He also holds substantial majority shareholding directly, in Chaitanya Rural, and indirectly, in Chaitanya India Fin Credit Private Limited (“ **Chaitanya India** ”), a non-deposit taking systemically important NBFC-MFI. These entities are in similar lines of business as our Bank, and there can be no assurance that they will not provide comparable services, expand their presence, solicit our employees or acquire interests in competing ventures in the locations or segments in which we operate. Additionally, Sachin Bansal (either directly or indirectly through his affiliates) is also in the process of evaluating, investing, acquiring or setting up financial services entities, including entities in lines of business which are similar to the Bank’s activities. These entities are in sectors including, without limitation, stock broking, investment advisory, fintech, asset management, and insurance. A conflict of interest may occur between our business and the businesses of such entities, including Chaitanya Rural and Chaitanya India, which could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_45. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest._** 

We have entered into various transactions with related parties, including for payment of salaries and wages of key managerial persons. The following table provides a summary of the related party transactions and balances entered into by our Bank in Fiscal 2017, 2018 and 2019 and in the six months ended September 30, 2019: 

40 

|**Particulars**||**Year e**|**nded March 31,**||**Six months ended**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|||**2017**|**2018**|**2019**|**September 30, 2019**|
||||**(₹ milli**|**on)**||
|Deposit|Promoter|1,000|-|1,215.44|1302.32|
||KMPs|1.19|65.84|30.84|134.46|
||Others|-|20|84.31|100.59|
|Reimbursement of expenses -|Promoter|14.41|16.24|0.94|-|
|amount paid|KMPs|-|-|-|-|
||Others|-|-|-|-|
|Reimbursement of expenses -|Promoter|3.63|0.68|0.94|1.10|
|amount received|KMPs|-|-|-|-|
||Others|0.11|0.61|0.75|0.06|
|Intercompany transfer- amount|Promoter|119.96|127.61|0.84|-|
|received|KMPs|-|-|-|-|
||Others|-|-|-|-|
|Intercompany transfer- amount|Promoter|-|0.53|1.09|-|
|paid|KMPs|-|-|-|-|
||Others|-|-|3.42|-|
|Bank Contribution to Ujjivan|Promoter|-|-|-|-|
|Welfare and Relief Trust|KMPs|-|-|-|-|
||Others|-|-|0.69|2.73|
|Interim<br>Preference<br>Dividend|Promoter|-|-|220|110|
|(excluding DDT)|KMPs|-|-|-|-|
||Others|-|-|-|-|
|Interest Expense on Deposits|Promoter|0.18|60.91|48.03|51.47|
||KMPs|-|1.55|2.74|1.52|
||Others|-|0.02|3.21|3.52|
|Payment of Remuneration|Promoter|-|-|-|-|
||KMPs|2.70|19.73|20.31|21.25|
||Others|-|-|-|-|
|Rendering of services|Promoter|-|-|-|-|
||KMPs|-|-|-|-|
||Others|0.50|1.90|2.99|1.69|
|Capital|Promoter|16,400.37|-|-|-|
||KMPs|-|-|-|-|
||Others|-|-|-|-|



(Note: The term “KMPs” used in the table above, means key management personnel as defined in the Restated Financial Statements. For further details and explanatory notes, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 198) 

Further, the percentage of the aggregate value of such related party transactions (income and expenses) to our total income in Fiscal 2017, 2018, 2019 and in the six months ended September 30, 2019 was 0.96%, 0.64%, 1.48% and 1.35%, respectively. The RBI had, pursuant to an inspection between January and February 2019, for Fiscal 2018, made an observation that we had not maintained arm’s length relations with related parties. During Fiscal 2018, we had received reimbursement from Parinaam Foundation, a related party, on account of rent and other support services provided by our Bank. We had also offered preferential interest on fixed deposits to certain customers and to Parinaam Foundation. To address RBI’s observations, we have put in place necessary controls including a verification mechanism comprising daily review as part of our internal control framework with reporting to Board committees and management with respect to preferential interest rates provided. In addition, our Bank did not renew the rent agreement dated April 2, 2018 with Parinaam Foundation. 

While we believe that all such transactions have otherwise been conducted on an arm’s length basis and contain commercially reasonable terms and we have responded to the RBI confirming the same, we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favorable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. It is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. Although going forward, all related party transactions that we may enter into, will be subject to board or shareholder approval, as necessary under the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI Listing Regulations, we cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations or that we could not have achieved more favorable terms if such transactions had not been entered into with related parties. Such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. For further information, see “ _Financial Statements”_ on page 198. We cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our minority shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

# **_46. Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds have not been appraised and our management will have broad discretion over the use of the Net Proceeds._** 

We propose to use the Net Proceeds to augment our Bank’s Tier-I capital base to meet our Bank’s future capital requirements such as organic growth and expansion and to comply with regulatory requirements for enhanced capital base, as may be prescribed in the future. Our proposed deployment of Net Proceeds has not been appraised and it is based on management estimates. Our management will have broad discretion to use the Net Proceeds. 

41 

Various risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in this section, may limit or delay our efforts to use the Net Proceeds to achieve profitable growth in our business. For example, our organic growth and expansion plans could be delayed due to failure to receive regulatory approvals, technical difficulties, human resource, technological or other resource constraints, or for other unforeseen reasons, events or circumstances. We may not be able to attract personnel with sufficient skill or sufficiently train our personnel to manage our expansion plans. Accordingly, use of the Net Proceeds to meet our future capital requirements, fund our growth and for other purposes identified by our management may not result in actual growth of our business, increased profitability or an increase in the value of our business and your investment. 

# **_47. Any non-compliance with law or unsatisfactory service by the third-party service providers engaged by us for certain services could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations._** 

We enter into outsourcing arrangements with third party vendors and independent contractors, in compliance with the RBI guidelines on outsourcing. These vendors and contractors provide services that include, among others, ATM/ card related services, business correspondents, facility management services related to information technology, software services and call centre services. We are also dependent on various vendors for certain elements of our operations including implementing IT infrastructure and hardware, Banking Outlets roll-outs, networking, managing our data centre, and back-up support for disaster recovery. As a result of outsourcing such services, we are exposed to various risks including strategic, compliance, operational, fraud, theft, embezzlement, legal and contractual risks. Any failure by a service provider to provide a specified service or a breach in security/ confidentiality or non-compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, may result in financial loss or loss of reputation. We cannot assure that there will be no disruptions in the provision of such services or that these third parties will adhere to their contractual obligation. If there is a disruption in the third-party services, or if the third-party service providers discontinue their service agreement with us, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. We cannot assure you that the terms of such agreements will not be breached, and in case of any dispute, it may result in litigation costs. Such additional cost, in addition to the cost of entering into agreements with third parties in the same industry, may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The “Guidelines on Managing Risks and Code of Conduct in Outsourcing of Financial Services by Bank” issued by the RBI places obligations on banks, its directors and senior management for ultimate responsibility for the outsourced activity. Banks are required to ensure outsourced service providers obtain prior approval for the use of subcontractors. The RBI has also directed banks to review the subcontracting arrangements and ensure that such arrangements are compliant with aforementioned RBI guidelines. Legal risks, including actions being undertaken by the RBI, if our third-party service providers act unethically or unlawfully, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_48. We have issued Equity Shares at prices that may be lower than the Issue Price in the last 12 months._** 

We have issued Equity Shares in the last 12 months at a price that may be lower than the Issue Price as below: 

|**Date of**<br>**allotment**|**Number of**<br>**Equity**<br>**Shares**<br>**allotted**|**Face**<br>**value per**<br>**Equity**<br>**Share (₹)**|**Issue**<br>**price per**<br>**Equity**<br>**Share (₹)**|**Nature of**<br>**consideration**|**Reason for allotment**|**Allottees**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|November<br>11, 2019|14,055,097|10|35|Cash|Allotment of Equity Shares<br>under Phase 1, Phase 2 and<br>Phase 3 of the USFB ESPS<br>2019|For information in relation to<br>the allottees, see “_- Notes to_<br>_the Capital Structure - Share_<br>_Capital History of our Bank –_<br>_Equity Share capital_” on  page<br>65|
|November<br>13, 2019|71,428,570|10|35|Cash|Preferential allotment (Pre-<br>IPO Placement)|For information in relation to<br>the allottees, see “_- Notes to_<br>_the Capital Structure - Share_<br>_Capital History of our Bank –_<br>_Equity Share capital_” on  page<br>65|



The Issue Price is not indicative of the price that will prevail in the open market following listing of the Equity Shares. For further information, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 65. 

# **_49. We will continue to be controlled by our Promoter after the completion of the Issue._** 

As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoter along with its nominees holds 94.40% of the issued, subscribed and paid-up Equity Share capital of our Bank. Upon completion of the Issue, our Promoter (by itself and nominees) will hold [●]% of our Equity Share capital, and public shareholders will hold [●]% of our Equity Share capital. As per applicable law, our Promoter’s voting rights in the Bank will be capped to 26% of the total voting rights of the Bank (i.e., the maximum voting rights permitted to be exercised by any shareholder in a banking company) and the public shareholders will in the aggregate be entitled to exercise [●]% of the voting rights in Bank. Our Promoter will therefore, be able to control the outcome of matters submitted to our Board or Shareholders for approval. After the Issue, our Promoter will continue to exercise significant control or influence over our business and major policy decisions. Accordingly, the interests of our Promoter in capacity of Shareholders 

42 

of our Bank may conflict with your interests and the interest of other shareholders of our Bank. Further, some of our KMPs and employees hold vested and unvested employee stock options issued by UFSL. In addition, our Promoter holds 100% of the Preference Shares issued by the Bank which ranks superior to the claims of Equity Shareholders and _inter-alia_ entitles them to priority with respect to payment of dividend vis-à-vis Equity Shares, participation in the surplus assets and profits, on winding up, and dividend at the rate of 11% per annum or at such rate as may be specified under applicable law. For further information on the terms of the Preference Shares, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters_ ” on page 136. 

**_50. Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report commissioned by us for such purpose. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete, reliable or accurate._** 

We have availed the services of an independent third party research agency, CRISIL Research, a division of CRISIL Limited, to prepare an industry report titled “ _Ujjivan SFB - Industry Report_ ” dated October 2019, for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Red Herring Prospectus. This report is subject to various limitations and based upon certain assumptions that are subjective in nature. We have not independently verified data from this industry report. Although we believe that the data may be considered to be reliable, the accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed and dependability cannot be assured. While we have taken reasonable care in the reproduction of the information, the information has not been prepared or independently verified by us, or the BRLMs or any of our or their respective affiliates or advisors or any other person connected with the Issue and, therefore, we make no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of such facts and statistics. Due to possibly flawed or ineffective collection methods or discrepancies between published information and market practice and other problems, the statistics herein may be inaccurate or may not be comparable to statistics produced for other economies and should not be unduly relied upon. Further, there is no assurance that they are stated or compiled on the same basis or with the same degree of accuracy as may be the case elsewhere. Statements from third parties that involve estimates are subject to change, and actual amounts may differ materially from those included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_51. We and our customers may engage in certain transactions in or with countries or persons that are subject to international economic sanctions._** 

Various international jurisdictions, including the United States and the United Kingdom, restrict investments or otherwise doing business in or with certain countries or territories and with certain persons or businesses that have been specially designated by such government agencies. Other governments and international or regional organizations also administer similar economic sanctions. 

Through our Banking Outlets we may provide various services to customers doing business with countries to which certain economic sanctions apply. Although we believe we have compliance systems in place that are sufficient to block prohibited transactions, and we have not been notified that any penalties or other measures will be imposed on us, there can be no assurance that will be able to fully monitor all of our transactions for any potential violation. 

There can be no assurance that our future business will be free of risk under sanctions implemented by these jurisdictions or that we will be able to conform our business operations to the expectations and requirements of such international regulatory agencies that do not have jurisdiction over our business but nevertheless assert the right to impose sanctions on an extraterritorial basis. Further, investors in the Equity Shares could incur reputational or other risks as a result of our or our customers’ dealings in or with sanctioned countries or with persons that are the subject of such sanctions. 

# **External Risk Factors** 

**_52. Any deterioration in the general economic conditions in India and globally could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our performance and the growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. Any slowdown in the Indian economy or future volatility in global commodity prices could adversely affect our business. Additionally, an increase in trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could also adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

India’s economy could be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates, adverse weather conditions affecting agriculture, commodity and energy prices as well as various other factors. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect the policy of the GoI towards our banking and finance industry, which may in turn adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to implement our business strategy. 

The Indian economy is also influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market conditions in Asia. A decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves may also affect liquidity and interest rates in the Indian economy, which could adversely impact our financial condition. A loss of investor confidence in other emerging market 

43 

economies or any worldwide financial instability may adversely affect the Indian economy, which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_53. A significant change in the Government of India’s economic liberalization and deregulation policies could adversely affect our business and the price of our Equity Shares._** 

A large part of our business and customers are located in India or are related to and influenced by the Indian economy. The Government of India has traditionally exercised, and continues to exercise, a dominant influence over many aspects of the economy. Unfavourable government policies including those relating to the internet and e-commerce, consumer protection and data-privacy, could adversely affect business and economic conditions in India, and could also affect our ability to implement our strategy and our future financial performance. Since 1991, successive governments, including coalition governments, have pursued policies of economic liberalization, including significantly relaxing restrictions on the private sector and encouraging the development of the Indian financial sector. However, the members of the Government of India and the composition of the coalition in power are subject to change. As a result, it is difficult to predict the economic policies that will be pursued by the Government of India. For example, there may be an increasing number of laws and regulations pertaining to the internet and e- commerce, which may relate to liability for information retrieved from or transmitted over the internet or mobile networks, user privacy, content restrictions and the quality of services and products sold or provided through the internet. Furthermore, the growth and development of e-commerce may also result in more stringent consumer protection laws that may impose additional burdens on online businesses generally. The rate of economic liberalization could change and specific laws and policies affecting the financial services industry, foreign investment, currency exchange and other matters affecting investment in our securities could change as well. Any significant change in India's economic liberalization and deregulation policies could adversely affect business and economic conditions in India generally and our business in particular. 

**_54. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of tax laws and regulations, across the multiple jurisdictions we operate in, may materially adversely affect our business and financial performance._** 

Our business and financial performance could be materially adversely affected by changes in the laws, rules, regulations or directions applicable to us and our general and microfinance businesses, or the interpretations of such existing laws, rules and regulations, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations. 

The governmental and regulatory bodies may notify new regulations and/ or policies, which may require us to obtain approvals and licenses from the government and other regulatory bodies, impose onerous requirements and conditions on our operations, in addition to those which we are undertaking currently, or change the manner in which we conduct KYC or authenticate our customers. Any such changes and the related uncertainties with respect to the implementation of new regulations may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and investments in our Bank by non-residents, could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and/ or may require us to apply for additional approvals. 

Tax and other levies imposed by the central and state governments in India that affect our tax liability include central and state taxes and other levies, income tax, turnover tax, goods and service tax, stamp duty and other special taxes and surcharges which are introduced on a temporary or permanent basis from time to time. The final determination of our tax liabilities involves the interpretation of local tax laws and related regulations in each jurisdiction as well as the significant use of estimates and assumptions regarding the scope of future operations and results achieved and the timing and nature of income earned and expenditures incurred. Moreover, the central and state tax scheme in India is extensive and subject to change from time to time. For instance, the Government of India has implemented a comprehensive national goods and services tax (“ **GST** ”) regime with effect from July 1, 2017 that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into a unified rate structure. Any future increases or amendments may affect the overall tax efficiency of companies operating in India and may result in significant additional taxes becoming payable. If the tax costs associated with certain transactions because of a particular tax risk materializing are greater than anticipated, it could affect the profitability of such transactions. 

The Government of India has announced the interim union budget for the Fiscal 2020. Further, the Finance Act, 2019 (the “ **Finance Act** ”) has made various amendments. The Finance Act stipulates the sale, transfer and issue of securities through exchanges, depositories or otherwise to be charged with stamp duty. The Finance Act has also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. 

Further, the Government of India has also announced the union budget for Fiscal 2020, pursuant to which the Finance (No.2) Bill, 2019 proposes to introduce various amendments. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance (No. 2) Bill, 2019 may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new 

44 

requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

Further, as of September 30, 2019, we had a total of 16,776 full-time employees. Our full-time employees are employed by us and are entitled to statutory employment benefits, such as defined benefit gratuity plan, among others. In addition to our fulltime employees, we empanel agencies for our outsourcing requirements and also engage persons on a contractual basis. We are subject to various labor laws and regulations governing our relationships with our employees and contractors, including in relation to minimum wages, working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and terminating the contracts of employees and contractors, contract labor and work permits. A change of law that requires us to increase the benefits to the employees from the benefits now being provided may create potentially liability for us. Such benefits could also include provisions which reduce the number of hours an employee may work for or increase in number of mandatory casual leaves, which all can affect the productivity of the employees. 

A change of law that requires us to treat and extend benefits to our outsourced personnel, and personnel retained on a contractual basis, similar to our full-time employees may create potential liability for us. If we fail to comply with current and future health and safety and labor laws and regulations at all times, including obtaining relevant statutory and regulatory approvals, this could materially and adversely affect our business, future financial performance and results of operations. 

**_55. If there is any change in tax laws or regulations, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements for the current and future years._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes, including the instances briefly mentioned below, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with such changes in applicable law and policy. 

Further, in case of any change in tax laws including upward revision to the currently applicable tax rate of 22% under Section 115BAA of the Income Tax Act, 1961 along with applicable surcharge and excess, our tax burden will also increase. Such changes may also affect our other benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/tribunals/courts would have an effect on our profitability. In addition, we are subject to various regulations and as part of compliance with such legislations including tax legislations; we may be subject to inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment and GST. Similarly, in relation to the applicable law on indirect taxation, the Government of India has notified a comprehensive national GST regime that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate of interest with effect from July 1, 2017. We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

**_56. Significant differences exist between Indian GAAP and other accounting principles, such as U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

Our financial statements are prepared and presented in conformity with Indian GAAP. No attempt has been made to reconcile any of the information given in this document to any other principles or to base it on any other standards. Indian GAAP differs in certain significant respects from IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our financial statements were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our financial statements, and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. 

**_57. Banking is a heavily regulated industry and material changes in the regulations which govern our Bank, may adversely affect our business._** 

Banks in India are subject to detailed supervision and regulation by the RBI. In addition, the financial condition and results of operations of banks are susceptible to material change pursuant to changes in law, as well as to changes in regulations, government policies and accounting principles. Any such changes may adversely affect our Bank’s business, future financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. For further information in relation to the laws applicable to us, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies_ ” on page 128. 

# **_58. India's existing credit information infrastructure may cause increased risks of loan defaults._** 

All of our business is located in India. India's existing credit information infrastructure may pose problems and difficulties in running a robust credit check on our borrowers. We may also face difficulties in the due diligence process relating to our clients 

45 

or to any security or collateral we take in relation to our loans. We may not be able to run comprehensive searches relating to the security and there are no assurances that any searches we undertake will be accurate or reliable. Hence, our overall credit analysis could be less robust as compared to similar transactions in more developed economies. Any inability to undertake a comprehensive due diligence or credit check might result in an increase in our NPAs and we may have to increase our provisions correspondingly. Any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_59. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our services at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our customers and our profits might decline._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of transportation, salaries, and other expenses relevant to our business. 

High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to pass on to our customers, whether entirely or in part, and the same may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or increase the amount of commission to pass the increase in costs on to our customers. In such case, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, the GoI has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. There can be no assurance that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

# **_60. Financial instability, economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries may also cause the price of the Equity Shares to decline._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging Asian market countries. Financial turmoil in Europe and elsewhere in the world in recent years has affected the Indian economy. In recent times, the Indian financial markets had been negatively affected by the volatility in global financial market, including on account of certain European nations’ debt troubles and move to break away by the United Kingdom from the European Union. Although, economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. Currencies of a few Asian countries have in the past suffered depreciation against the U.S. Dollar owing to, amongst other, the announcements by the U.S. government that it may consider reducing its quantitative easing measures. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur and could harm our business, future financial performance and the prices of the Equity Shares. 

The global credit and equity markets have experienced substantial dislocations, liquidity disruptions and market corrections in recent years. Liquidity and credit concerns and volatility in the global credit and financial markets have increased significantly with the bankruptcy or acquisition of, and government assistance extended to, several major U.S. and European financial institutions. These and other related events, such as the European sovereign debt crisis, have had a significant impact on the global credit and financial markets as a whole, including reduced liquidity, greater volatility, widening of credit spreads and a lack of price transparency in global credit and financial markets. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, have implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. 

However, the overall impact of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. In the event that the current difficult conditions in the global credit markets continue or if there is any significant financial disruption, such conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_61. The ability of small finance banks to raise borrowings in foreign currencies may be constrained by Indian law._** 

As a small finance bank, we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies, including those specified under FEMA. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources and hence could constrain our ability to obtain financing on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, we cannot assure you that any required approvals for borrowing in foreign currency will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. Such, and other, limitations on raising foreign capital may adversely affect our business growth, results of operations, and financial condition. 

**_62. Any adverse change in India's credit rating by an international rating agency could materially adversely affect our business and profitability._** 

India’s sovereign rating is Baa2 with a “negative” outlook (Moody’s), BBB-with a “stable” outlook (S&P) and BBB-with a “stable” outlook (Fitch). Any adverse change in India’s credit ratings by international rating agencies may adversely impact the Indian economy and consequently our business. 

46 

**_63. A third party could be prevented from acquiring control over us because of the anti-takeover provisions under Indian law and the provisions of the Banking Regulation Act._** 

There are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Bank. These provisions may discourage or prevent certain types of transactions involving actual or threatened change in control of us. Under the Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Bank. Further, given that our Bank is governed by the RBI, any significant change in shareholding would require the prior approval of the RBI. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Bank would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to our Shareholders, such a takeover may not be attempted or consummated because of the regulatory framework applicable to us. 

**_64. Financial difficulty and other problems in certain financial institutions in India could materially adversely affect our business and the price of our Equity Shares._** 

We are exposed to the risks of the Indian financial system. The financial difficulties faced by certain Indian financial institutions could materially adversely affect our business because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships. Such “systemic risk”, may materially adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, banks, securities firms and exchanges with which we interact on a daily basis. Any such difficulties or instability of the Indian financial system in general could create an adverse market perception about Indian financial institutions and banks and materially adversely affect our business. Our transactions with these financial institutions expose us to various risks in the event of default by a counterparty, which can be exacerbated during periods of market illiquidity. 

**_65. It may not be possible for investors to enforce any judgment obtained outside India against us, our Directors, the Book Running Lead Managers or any of their directors and executive officers in India respectively, except by way of a law suit in India._** 

We are a small finance bank incorporated under the laws of India. Our Bank’s assets are located in India and all of our Bank’s Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are residents of India. The enforcement of civil liabilities by overseas investors in the Equity Shares, including the ability to effect service of process and to enforce judgments obtained in courts outside of India may be adversely affected by the fact that the Bank is incorporated under the laws of the Republic of India and all of its executive officers and directors reside in India. As a result, it may be difficult to enforce the service of process upon the Bank and any of these persons outside of India or to enforce outside of India, judgments obtained against the Bank and these persons in courts outside of India. 

India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13, 14 and Section 44A of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (“ **Civil Code** ”) on a statutory basis. Section 44A of the Civil Code provides that where a certified copy of a decree of any superior court, within the meaning of that Section, obtained in any country or territory outside India which the government has by notification declared to be in a reciprocating territory, may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgment had been rendered by a district court in India. However, Section 44A of the Civil Code is applicable only to monetary decrees and does not apply to decrees for amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalties and does not apply to arbitration awards (even if such awards are enforceable as a decree or judgment). 

The United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong have been declared by the government to be reciprocating territories for the purposes of Section 44A of the Civil Code. The United States has not been declared by the Government of India to be a reciprocating territory for the purposes of Section 44A of the Civil Code. A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit upon the judgment under Section 13 of the Civil Code, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the Civil Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated upon except: (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction; (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case; (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable; (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice; (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud; and/ or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. The suit must be brought in India within three years from the date of judgment in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a civil liability in India. 

Further, there are considerable delays in the disposal of suits by Indian courts. It may be unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Furthermore, it may be unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages awarded as excessive or inconsistent with public policy in India. A party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval from the RBI under FEMA to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to execution and any such amount may be subject to income tax in 

47 

accordance with applicable laws. Any judgment or award in a foreign currency would be converted into Indian Rupees on the date of the judgment or award and not on the date of the payment. 

# **_66. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could also adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, pandemic disease and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. For instance, two Banking Outlets of our Bank were affected by cyclone ‘Gaja’. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war in India or globally may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_67. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a bank in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian bank than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

# **Risks Relating to the Equity Shares** 

# **_68. Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Issue._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors' book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited with the Equity Shares within one (1) working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Issue and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately six Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise any delay in commencing trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose off their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

**_69. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares preemptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction in which the investors are located in do not permit the investors to exercise their preemptive rights, without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor's benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in us would be reduced. 

# **_70. Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding and sales of the Equity Shares by our Promoter or other major shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth, whether organic or inorganic, through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors' shareholdings in us. Any future issuances of Equity Shares (including under an employee benefit scheme) or the disposal of Equity Shares by our Promoter or any of our other principal shareholders or any other change in our shareholding structure to comply with the minimum public shareholding 

48 

norms applicable to listed companies in India or any public perception regarding such issuance or sales may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of the Equity Shares or incurring debt. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that the shareholders will not dispose off the Equity Shares. Our Promoter is required by applicable regulations to reduce its shareholding in our Bank to 40% of our total paid-up Equity Share capital within five years from commencement of our operations and thereafter to 30% and 26% of our paid-up Equity Share capital within a period of 10 years and 12 years, respectively, from the date of commencement of our business operations. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of shareholder’s investment in the Equity Shares. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_71. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws and regulations, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”) is levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realised on the sale of equity shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold using any other platform other than on a recognised stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, are subject to long term capital gains tax in India. Until March 31, 2018, any gain realised on the sale of equity shares, listed on a stock exchange and held for more than 12 months was not subject to capital gains tax in India if STT was paid on the transaction. However, with the enactment of the Finance Act, 2018 the exemption previously granted in respect of payment of long term capital gains tax has been withdrawn and such taxes are now payable by the investors with effect from April 1, 2018. The Finance Act, 2018 provides that existing investors are eligible for relief on such capital gains accrued until January 31, 2018 and any long term capital gains made after January 31, 2018 shall be subject to taxation. 

Further, any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. In cases where the seller is a non-resident, capital gains arising from the sale of the equity shares will be partially or wholly exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. 

Historically, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the equity shares. 

The Finance Act has proposed various amendments, which has been passed by the Parliament and has received the assent of the President of India. The Finance Act stipulates the sale, transfer and issue of securities through exchanges, depositories or otherwise to be charged with stamp duty. The Finance Act has also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. 

As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act may have on our Bank’s business and operations. Further, our Bank cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect the Bank’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_72. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations which are currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and does not fall under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the RBI’s prior approval is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. Further, this conversion is subject to the shares having been held on a repatriation basis and, either the security having been sold in compliance with the pricing guidelines or, the approval of RBI approval having been obtained for the sale of shares and corresponding remittance of the sale proceeds. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained with or without any particular terms or conditions. 

For further information, see “ _Restriction on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 350. Our ability to raise any foreign capital under the FDI route is therefore constrained by Indian law, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and prospects. 

**_73. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and may experience price and volume fluctuations following the completion of the Issue. Further, our Equity Shares may not result in an active or liquid market and the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price or at all._** 

49 

Prior to the Issue, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market may not develop or be sustained after the Issue. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for our Equity Shares will develop or, if developed, does not guarantee the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Issue Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and the trading price of our Equity Shares after this Issue could fluctuate significantly as a result of market volatility or due to various internal or external risks, including but not limited to those described in this Red Herring Prospectus. A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

**_74. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time taken for such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares outside India, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Equity Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

**_75. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after the submission of their Bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after closure of the Issue._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. QIBs can revise their Bids during the Bid/ Issue Period and withdraw their Bids until the Bid/ Issue Closing Date. Therefore, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors would not be able to withdraw or lower their Bids, notwithstanding adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations or financial condition, or otherwise, between the dates of the submission of their Bids and the Allotment. 

While our Bank is required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six Working Days from the Bid/ Issue Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Bank may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Issue or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

**_76. Compliance with provisions of Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act may affect payments on the Equity Shares._** 

The U.S. “Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” (or “ **FATCA** ”) imposes a new reporting regime and potentially, imposes a 30% withholding tax on certain “foreign passthru payments” made by certain non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries). 

If payments on the Equity Shares are made by such non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries), this withholding may be imposed on such payments if made to any non-U.S. financial institution (including an intermediary) that is not otherwise exempt from FATCA or other holders who do not provide sufficient identifying information to the payer, to the extent such payments are considered “foreign passthru payments”. Under current guidance, the term “foreign passthru payment” is not defined and it is therefore not clear whether and to what extent payments on the Equity Shares would be considered “foreign passthru payments”. The United States has entered into intergovernmental agreements with many jurisdictions (including India) that modify the FATCA withholding regime described above. It is not yet clear how the intergovernmental agreements between the United States and these jurisdictions will address “foreign passthru payments” and whether such agreements will require us or other financial institutions to withhold or report on payments on the Equity Shares to the extent they are treated as “foreign passthru payments”. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the consequences of FATCA, or any intergovernmental agreement or non-U.S. legislation implementing FATCA, to their investment in Equity Shares. 

50 

**_77. U.S. holders should consider the impact of the passive foreign investment company rules in connection with an investment in our Equity Shares._** 

A foreign corporation will be treated as a passive foreign investment company (“ **PFIC** ”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year in which either: (i) at least 75% of its gross income is “passive income” or (ii) at least 50% of its gross assets during the taxable year (based on of the quarterly values of the assets during a taxable year) are “passive assets,” which generally means that they produce passive income or are held for the production of passive income. 

Our Bank believes it was not a PFIC for fiscal year ended March 31, 2019, and does not expect to be a PFIC for the current year or any future years. However, no assurance can be given that our Bank will or will not be considered a PFIC in the current or future years. The determination of whether or not our Bank is a PFIC is a factual determination that is made annually after the end of each taxable year, and there can be no assurance that our Bank will not be considered a PFIC in the current taxable year or any future taxable year because, among other reasons, (i) the composition of our Bank’s income and assets will vary over time, and (ii) the manner of the application of relevant rules is uncertain in several respects. Further, our Bank’s PFIC status may depend on the market price of its Equity Shares, which may fluctuate considerably. 

51 

