# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. Prior to making a decision to invest in our Equity Shares, prospective investors and purchasers should carefully consider all the information contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below and the sections titled "Our Business", "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations" and "Summary of Significant Differences Between Indian GAAP, US GAAP and IFRS" beginning on pages 55, 217 and 247, respectively, of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus as well as other financial information contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus.  Any potential investors in, and purchasers of, the Equity Shares should also pay particular attention to the fact that we are governed in India by a legal and regulatory environment which in some material respects may be different from that which prevails in the United States, the European Union and other countries.  If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could suffer and the market price of our Equity Shares and the value of your investment in our Equity Shares could decline. The numbering of the risk factors is only to facilitate ease of reading and reference and does not, in any manner, indicate the relative importance of one risk factor vis-a-vis another._ 

## **Risks Related to Our Business** 

**_1. Our income and profit are largely dependent on the value and composition of assets under management, which may decline because of factors outside our control._** 

Almost all our income is dependent on the total value and composition of assets under management ("AUM"), as our management fees are usually calculated as a percentage of AUM.  Any decrease in the value or composition of AUM will cause a decline in income and profit.  AUM may decline or fluctuate for various reasons, many of which are outside our control. 

Factors that could cause AUM and income to decline include the following: 

- _Declines in the Indian equity markets._ The AUM for our equity, and, to a lesser extent, our balanced/hybrid funds are concentrated in the Indian equity markets.  As such, declines in the equity markets or the market segments in which our investment portfolios are concentrated will cause AUM to decline.  The equity markets in India are volatile, which will contribute to fluctuations in our AUM. 

- _Changes in interest rates and defaults._ Many of our funds invest in fixed income securities, including short-term money market instruments.  The value of fixed income securities may decline as a result of changes in interest rates, an issuer's actual or perceived creditworthiness or an issuer's ability to meet its obligations. 

- _Redemptions and withdrawals._ Clients, in response to market conditions, inconsistent or poor investment performance, the pursuit of other investment opportunities, or other factors, may reduce their investments in our funds or the market segments in which our funds are concentrated.  In a declining market, the price of redemptions may accelerate rapidly.  Most of our equity and balanced/hybrid funds are open-ended funds, meaning clients can redeem their units at anytime.  Some of our income and liquid closed-ended funds have a short duration, so after the life of the fund, clients may choose not to reinvest in our funds and seek alternative forms of savings. 

The rates for management fees differ depending on the type of fund and product.  For example, fee levels for equity and balanced/hybrid funds are generally higher than the fee levels for income and liquid funds. Fee levels for debt funds vary significantly depending on market conditions and the type of fund. Accordingly, the composition of AUM also substantially affects the level of our income. 

The amount of expenses funds can charge also is usually based on a percentage of AUM.  We must reimburse funds for expenses incurred in excess of the pre-determined percentage.  Accordingly, the value of AUM also can affect the level of our operating expenses.  In addition, excluding any distribution costs, most of our costs do not vary directly with AUM or income.  As a result, our operating margins may fluctuate by a higher percentage than changes in income. 

XIII 

## **_2. Underperformance of our investment portfolio could lead to a loss of clients and reduction in AUM and result in a decline in our income._** 

Investment performance is one of the most important factors for maintaining and growing AUM.  Poor investment performance, either on an absolute or relative basis, could impair our income and growth because: 

- existing clients might withdraw funds in favor of better performing products offered by our competitors, which would result in lower management fees; 

- our ability to attract funds from existing and new clients might diminish; and 

- negative absolute investment performance will directly reduce the value of our managed assets and hence our management fees. 

In addition, we may from time to time reduce or waive investment management fees, or limit total expenses, on certain products or services for particular time periods to improve fund performance, manage fund expenses, or for other reasons, and to help retain or increase managed assets.  If our income declines without a commensurate reduction in our expenses, our net income will be reduced. 

Some of our funds have not delivered strong or consistent investment performance, on a relative basis, compared to the relevant industry benchmark and our competitors, and in some cases, on an absolute basis. In particular, some of our equity funds, including the Master Value Fund, the MidCap Fund and the Contra Fund, have underperformed, as the industry sectors in which these funds invested underperformed the broader market. Some of our hybrid funds, including the Children's Career Plan Fund and the Retirement Benefit Pension Fund, have underperformed as they increased their cash investments for a period of time while the equity markets in India rose significantly. In addition, the investment performance of some of our income and liquid funds have been below the relevant industry benchmarks and that of some competitors. 

Underperformance by some of our funds may hinder our ability to grow our AUM and income and, in some cases, may contribute to a reduction in our AUM and income. For example, with some of our equity funds underperforming, increased competition  and the Mutual Fund industry expanding, our market share in relation to equity funds fell from 18.0% as of March 31, 2005 to 10.0% as of November 30, 2007 (as per Value Research). Over the same period our market share in relation to balanced/hybrid funds decreased from 68.3% to 41.9%, while our market share in relation to income funds declined from 10.6% to 3.1%. 

A large portion of our AUM is concentrated in a few funds.  For example, as of September 30, 2007, our top five equity funds constituted 47.7% of our total AUM for equity funds, and our top five balanced/hybrid funds constituted 90.8% of our total AUM for such funds. Our top three income funds represented 55.5% of our total AUM for income funds, and we have only three liquid funds. Underperformance by any of these funds may have a disproportionate adverse impact on our AUM and income.  In addition, we have coinvested in our venture capital/private equity funds.  Many of the investments held by these funds are illiquid and volatile, and could result in losses for the funds and us depending on market, economic and other conditions. 

## **_3. If the investment strategy for any of our funds goes out of favour with our clients, our income and profit may be materially adversely affected._** 

Our investment strategy in relation to any of our funds could go out of favor with our clients for a number of reasons, such as underperformance relative to market indices, competition or other factors. If our investment strategies were to go out of favor with our clients, it could cause our clients to reduce the assets that we manage for them. Our inability to formulate new investment strategies or offer new products promptly if market conditions change or new opportunities arise also may adversely affect the growth of our AUM. A decrease in our AUM may have a material adverse effect on our income and profit. 

## **_4. The restructuring of Unit Trust of India in 2002-2003 and the intervention by the Government in order to protect the unit holders may have damaged our brand name and reputation._** 

Unit Trust of India was initially established as a statutory corporation in 1963 by an Act of Parliament.  In July 2001, amidst the global recession and equity markets downturn, Unit Trust of India suspended dealings 

XIV 

in its flagship fund, Unit Scheme 1964 ("US-64"), because there was a material gap between the underlying net asset value of the fund and the repurchase price of the units. The Government of India intervened to protect the interest of the unitholders, and in October 2002, the Unit Trust of India Act, 1963, was repealed by Parliament pursuant to the Unit Trust of India (Transfer of Undertaking and Repeal) Act, 2002 (the "2002 Act"). As a result, Unit Trust of India was bifurcated into two separate entities: the Specified Undertaking of Unit Trust of India ("SUUTI"), which was vested with the assets of Unit Trust of India's US-64 and assured return funds, and UTI Mutual Fund, which was established as a SEBI registered mutual fund with State Bank of India, Life Insurance Corporation of India, Punjab National Bank and Bank of Baroda as its sponsors (collectively, the "Sponsors"). 

Pursuant to the 2002 Act and a transfer agreement dated January 15, 2003, among the President of India and the Sponsors, 37 SEBI compliant funds, five overseas funds and the Senior Citizen Unit Plan, 1993, of Unit Trust of India were transferred to UTI Mutual Fund. UTI Asset Management Company Private Limited ("UTI AMC") was incorporated on November 14, 2002 and appointed by UTI Trustee Company Private Limited (the trustee of UTI Mutual Fund) to manage the funds of UTI Mutual Fund. UTI AMC commenced operations with effect from February 1, 2003, and on November 14, 2007 was converted into a public limited company. 

The restructuring of Unit Trust of India and its subsequent bifurcation attracted substantial adverse media and other public attention. This was the second time since the establishment of Unit Trust of India that it had to be financially assisted by the Government. In 1999, the value of US-64's shareholding in various public sector undertakings ("PSUs") declined significantly and fell below the amount the US-64 fund had initially paid to purchase those shares. The Government responded by exchanging those shares for Government of India securities. The total aggregate value of those securities was Rs. 33.0 billion, which were exchanged for shares with a market value Rs. 15.2 billion (at the time of exchange). Given that the erstwhile Unit Trust of India also used the same "uti" brand name, its restructurings may have harmed our brand name and reputation, which may still adversely affect our on-going business. 

## **_5. Other business entities which were promoted by Unit Trust of India also use the UTI name, and difficulties those businesses encounter may damage our brand and reputation and harm our business._** 

Our registered trademark (including the name and logo), "uti", is an important asset of our business. UTI Trustee Company Private Limited ("UTI Trustee"), in its capacity as trustee of the UTI Mutual Fund, and UTI AMC own the "uti" and the "Unit Trust of India/UTI" brand name. The "uti" logo is registered as a trademark only in our name. Maintaining and enhancing the reputation associated with our trademark is integral to our success. The transfer agreement whereby we acquired the rights to our brand name and logo permits other business entities to use our name without paying any royalty until January 31, 2008. Currently four such other entities are using the UTI name (UTI Securities, UTI Investment Advisory Services, UTI Infrastructure Services and UTI Technology Services). Any difficulties these entities encounter may cause damage to our brand name and reputation, resulting in loss to our business. There have been instances in the past when certain events have occurred with the entities that are allowed to use the UTI name. These events have attracted negative press and publicity, which may have resulted in damage to our brand name and reputation. Because two of the other entities that use the UTI name operate in the financial services sector like us, the public may be more likely to believe that these entities are all part of the same UTI family and have common ownership and management, further associating us with any difficulties these other entities encounter. 

After January 31, 2008, pursuant to the transfer agreement, the other entities that use the UTI name will only be permitted to do so on such terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed among UTI Trustee, UTI AMC and the Government. It is possible that entities that currently use the UTI name will continue to use it even after January 31, 2008 without our approval. Any action taken to restrict them from doing so may be time-consuming and expensive and require the support of the Government of India. Also, there can be no assurance that any such action taken to restrict these companies from using our name will succeed. We do not control UTI Trustee and any actions it takes will be independent of us. Three of the other entities using the UTI name are owned by SUUTI, and SUUTI itself is controlled by the Government of India. This conflict of interest may make it more difficult to satisfactorily resolve the rights to our name. Therefore, even after January 31, 2008, other entities may continue to use the UTI name and difficulties that those entities encounter may damage our brand and reputation and harm our business. 

XV 

Our individual fund names and logos have not been registered, and we have no registered intellectual property right in our "Let's plan to get rich" slogan. Given that we have not registered our logos and fund names, other entities may also use them and potentially claim ownership of the intellectual property.  This may make it more difficult to maintain and enhance our reputation and brand, which may harm our business and growth opportunities. 

## **_6. Income in the form of fees from SUUTI, which represented 23.3% of our consolidated income last fiscal year, will continue to decline over time and SUUTI may not require our services after April 2009._** 

Since 2003 we have been providing support services to SUUTI such as fund administration, accounting and investor services. The fees paid by SUUTI represented 23.3% and 15.0% of our consolidated income last fiscal year and the first half of this fiscal year, respectively. Following the bifurcation of Unit Trust of India in 2003, SUUTI issued tax-free bonds to the investors in its US-64 and assured return funds who did not elect to receive cash in exchange for their fund units. The bonds mature in 2008 and 2009, with the final tranche maturing on April 1, 2009. As a result, the level of services we have been providing SUUTI has been declining and is expected to continue to decline. SUUTI's investments may not be sold in their entirety in connection with the final maturity of SUUTI's bonds. The fees payable by SUUTI are negotiated annually. The fees received from SUUTI were Rs. 1,247 million in fiscal year 2005, Rs. 1,410 million in Fiscal Year 2006, Rs. 953 million in Fiscal Year 2007 and Rs. 305 million for the first six months of Fiscal Year 2008. Any fees negotiated for Fiscal Year 2009 may be less than the fees for the current Fiscal Year. 

The services agreement we have with SUUTI expires on January 31, 2008 and is renewable by mutual consent. SUUTI may not renew our services agreement after it expires or may only require our services until April 2009 when its final tranche of bonds mature. We will not be required to provide any services to SUUTI and will not receive any fees from them after our services agreement with SUUTI terminates. We currently second five of our employees to SUUTI to carry out fund management and run the day to day business of SUUTI.  We also share a number of employees with SUUTI. SUUTI is controlled by the Government of India, as are our Sponsors. Loss of income due to SUUTI's winding up may materially adversely affect our financial results. 

## **_7. The recently proposed termination of our Senior Citizen Unit Plan, 1993, may attract adverse publicity and legal actions and result in a substantial liability for us, which could materially adversely affect our financial results and business._** 

Pursuant to the bifurcation of Unit Trust of India, UTI Mutual Fund was vested with the assets and liabilities of the Senior Citizen Unit Plan, 1993 ("SCUP"). SCUP was initially launched in 1993 by Unit Trust of India. The primary objective of SCUP was to help its investors build up savings and enjoy assured medical and hospitalization benefits for their spouses and themselves after they reach the age of 58. New India Assurance Company ("NIAC") was selected to provide the necessary insurance to the investors. Under the terms of the plan, Unit Trust of India agreed to pay the premiums on behalf of each investor in seven installments after the investor attained the age of 55. There has been a significant increase in the cost of procuring medical insurance for the investors. SCUP also has failed to generate sufficient returns to cover the cost of such insurance premiums. This made SCUP financially unviable, and as a result sales of its units to new investors were suspended from July 2000. SCUP has approximately 125,000 investors. 

The net asset value of the units, and the returns generated by SCUP, are not currently expected to be sufficient to pay the insurance premiums on behalf of its investors. Accordingly, on January 8, 2008, we announced that we are terminating SCUP. In connection with the termination, we are offering the investors in SCUP an alternative health insurance plan. Investors already at least 58 years old will continue to be covered by the existing insurance arrangement with NIAC. Investors below the age of 58 years will be offered the option to either migrate to the new health insurance plan, or redeem their units. Investors who chose to migrate to the new plan will be offered health insurance by NIAC, and the insurance premium for the first year will be paid out from proceeds of their units. 

Our decision to terminate SCUP may attract adverse publicity and legal actions. Investors may claim that SCUP must continue to pay the required insurance coverage.  This could result in a significant liability for us, depending on a number of factors, including SCUP's investment performance, the cost of medical insurance, the number of investors eligible for insurance coverage and the number of claims made by SCUP's investors under their insurance policies. Even if we are successful in terminating SCUP, we may in 

XVI 

the process incur legal costs, which could increase our expenses and affect our financial results. Adverse publicity from the proposed termination of SCUP may damage our brand and reputation and harm our business. We have not made any provisions in connection with our potential liability under SCUP in our financial accounts. 

## **_8. Our investment management agreements and other business commitments may generally be terminated by the counter-parties on little or no notice, making our future client and income base unpredictable._** 

Our investment management agreement with UTI Mutual Fund (acting through UTI Trustee) may be terminated by UTI Trustee for any reason (or no reason), provided UTI Trustee has given us 180 days notice and obtained SEBI's approval. The termination of our investment management agreement with UTI Mutual Fund would have a material adverse affect on our business and financial viability. UTI Trustee may also elect to renegotiate the fees we are permitted to charge under the agreement, which could adversely affect our financial results. The Board of Directors of UTI Trustee must approve any change of control of UTI AMC. 

Clients to whom we provide portfolio management services may terminate their investment management agreements with us for any reason (or no reason) on short notice. Our investment management agreement with National Investment Fund ("NIF") can be terminated by NIF after notice of not less than 30 days. Our portfolio management services clients (including NIF) may also significantly decrease the value of their investment in our funds and may choose to divert their funds to other asset managers. Likewise, clients in our overseas funds can typically redeem their fund units on little or no notice. Our overseas funds have a very limited number of investors, and the loss of any such investors can lead to a substantial reduction in our overseas AUM. 

We have been recently selected by Pension Fund Regulatory Development Authority ("PFRDA"), along with two other asset managers, to manage PFRDA's assets. We have been informed by PFRDA that they will initially provide us with 40% of the total corpus that they intend to invest in mutual funds. However, PFRDA may divert their funds to other selected asset managers or decide not to provide us with any additional funds in subsequent years. We have not yet received the detailed terms and conditions of appointment and guidelines from PFRDA. It is expected that the terms and conditions will permit PFRDA to terminate our mandate with a short notice period. In addition, each individual PFRDA pensioner will be able to divert his share of the assets to any of the other asset managers selected by PFRDA, even if PFRDA has selected us to manage that individual pensioner's pension. We cannot predict whether, and when, an individual pensioner may direct us to redeem their investment. 

## **_9. Fee pressure could reduce our income and profitability._** 

Investment management fees received from our clients constituted 93.2% of our total consolidated income for our most recent fiscal year _._ SEBI regulates the level of management fees that we can charge domestic mutual funds and prescribes limits on such fees depending on the nature of the fund. To date, the fees for all our equity and balanced/hybrid funds, except index funds and ETFs, have equaled the SEBI-prescribed levels.  For funds up to Rs. 1,000 million, management fees charged by funds cannot exceed 1.25% of the weekly average net assets outstanding.  If the fund exceeds Rs. 1,000 million, an additional 1.0% can be charged on the portion of the fund which exceeds Rs. 1,000 million.  For funds launched on a no-load basis ("no-load" funds), an additional 1.0% can be charged. We do not currently have any no-load funds. For fund of funds (funds investing in other funds), up to 0.75% of the weekly average net assets can be charged. Under SEBI rules and regulations, the front-end and back-end loads are also capped so that the difference between the sale price and repurchase price of a fund unit can not exceed 7.0% of the net asset value of the fund. 

The fees for our income and liquid funds usually have been considerably lower than the SEBI prescribed levels. From time to time, SEBI may review and revise its fee caps. For example, in October 2007, SEBI reduced the cap for recurring fees charged on index funds from 1.00% - 1.25% to 0.75%. As the mutual fund industry in India increases in size, there may be a greater likelihood that SEBI will lower its fee caps. SEBI issued new regulations in April 2007 prohibiting management fees from being charged on short-term deposits. As a result, our management fee income has been adversely affected, in particular for our balanced/hybrid and income funds. 

XVII 

We encounter fee pressure in our dealings with high net worth individuals, corporate entities and other institutional investors in respect of income and liquid funds.  Asset management fees tend to be low for Government-sponsored business, such as the portfolio management services we were recently awarded for NIF and PFRDA. In addition, foreign clients who invest in our overseas funds and clients to whom we provide portfolio management services also exert pressure on us to reduce our fees. In order for us to maintain our fee structure in a competitive environment, we must be able to provide clients with superior investment returns and service that will encourage them to be willing to pay our fees. We may not be able to maintain our current fee structure. Fee reductions on existing or future business would have an adverse impact on our income and profitability. 

## **_10. We must reimburse our mutual funds for any excess initial issue or recurring expenses, which may reduce our profitability and cause us to decrease marketing and other efforts on behalf of the funds._** 

Each fund has to provide and account for any expenses incurred by that particular fund. SEBI has prescribed the maximum amount a fund can incur as initial issue or recurring expenses. Closed-ended funds cannot charge front ended loads. Closed-ended funds can charge up to 6.0% of the initial funds raised for initial issue expenses.  Open-ended funds must pay initial issues expenses from the front-end loads. 

On-going or recurring expenses (including management fees, as well as marketing and selling expenses (including any agents' commission), brokerage costs, registrar services, trustee fees and expenses, audit and custodian fees, and expenses for client communications, insurance and other client services) of up to 2.5% of average weekly net assets can be charged for equity and balanced/hybrid funds up to Rs. 1,000 million. Up to 2.25% can be charged for the next Rs. 3,000 million; 2.0% for the Rs. 3,000 million after that; and 1.75% for the balance of the assets. The respective expense limits for income and liquid funds are 0.25% lower than each of the respective expense limits for equity and balanced/hybrid funds. For index funds, the expense limit is 1.50% of average weekly net assets. The management fees paid by the funds are included in the computation of expenses for purposes of the limits described in this paragraph. 

If the actual expenses incurred by any of our funds exceed the limits prescribed by SEBI, we must reimburse the funds for the excess expenses. This reduces our profits and may cause us to decrease marketing and other efforts on behalf of the funds, which could adversely affect our AUM and level of business. We reimbursed our funds in total Rs. 76.9 million, Rs. 245.5 million and Rs. 31.2 million for the Fiscal 2006 and 2007 and the six months ended September 30, 2007, respectively. For example, during the last fiscal year, we incurred significant marketing expenses in connection with the launch of the Gold Exchange Traded Fund, Capital Protection Oriented Scheme and Long Term Advantage Fund, which did not attract the level of AUM that we expected. Since the SEBI imposed expense limits are generally expressed as a percentage of AUM levels, we ended up incurring a portion of such expenses. We plan to launch several new funds over the next year, and may incur significant marketing costs in connection with the launch of such funds. It is particularly important to maintain low expenses for our income and liquid funds (in order to enhance their returns), and the internal expense limits we set for such funds are often well below SEBI prescribed limits. 

We also carry out marketing activities for the promotion of the general UTI brand. Expenses for such activities are paid by UTI AMC and not reimbursed by the funds. For example, we made significant expenditures last fiscal year to promote our business by advertising on television. Our general marketing activities may not generate sufficient additional business to offset their costs and hence may adversely affect our profitability. Increased competition may mean that we will increase greater marketing, as well as distribution, costs on behalf of our funds in the future. 

## **_11. As we expand our business infrastructure with, among others, additional branches, improved systems and better compensated fund managers and other professionals, we may not be able to generate sufficient additional income to offset our higher incremental costs._** 

We are in the process of improving and expanding our infrastructure, which includes strengthening our information technology systems and opening a number of new branches in order to further improve and expand the reach of our distribution system. For example, we intend to increase the number of our UTI Financial Centres ("UFCs") nationwide from 79 to approximately 120 UFCs and also upgrade some of our existing UFCs. We are continuously looking to hire skilled investment and other professionals and provide competitive compensation so that we can retain and attract talented individuals. We have recently hired a number of new managers, including new senior and upper-level managers. In addition, we recently began 

XVIII 

paying our sales force bonuses on a quarterly basis based on their performance. We may not be able to manage our expanded operations and maintain our growth, and our income may not in the short term or in the long term increase in proportion to the increase in costs and expenses incurred as we expand and grow our business. 

**_12. We depend on third-party distribution channels and other intermediaries, and problems with these distribution channels and intermediaries could adversely affect our business and financial performance._** 

Most of our AUM are attributable to clients who we access, directly or indirectly, through third-party intermediaries (for example independent financial advisors, banks, post offices and corporate distribution houses). Our ability to access clients is dependent on the distribution systems and client bases of these thirdparty intermediaries. Our ability to access clients through third-party intermediaries is subject to a number of risks, including: 

- The arrangements we have with third-party intermediaries may generally be terminated for any reason (or no reason) on short notice. 

- Generally, third-party intermediaries also offer similar products from our competitors to our existing and prospective clients and do not provide services for us on an exclusive basis. 

- Third-party intermediaries may provide better service to our competitors and promote their products to prospective clients instead of ours because of a more attractive compensation arrangement, close relationships with our competitors or for other reasons. 

- We may be liable for misrepresentations, inappropriate behavior, mistakes and negligent acts on the part of third-party intermediaries while marketing or providing services for our products. 

We also depend on referrals from investment consultants, financial planners and other professional advisors, as well as from our existing clients. Maintaining good relations with these intermediaries is key to attracting and retaining clients. Loss of any of the distribution channels afforded by third-party intermediaries, and the inability to access clients through new distribution channels, could decrease our AUM and adversely affect our income and growth. 

We rely on various third-party intermediaries to maintain good relations with our clients. Third-party intermediaries are often the link between us and the existing or prospective clients and therefore the manner in which the intermediaries conduct themselves, and market and service our products, may affect our reputation and business. Any misconduct, inappropriate behavior or negligent behavior on the part of any of our third-party intermediaries while marketing our products or while providing any after-sales services may adversely affect our reputation and brand name, which may lead to a decrease in our AUM and our income. We rely on third-party custodians for settling trades. Any failure by a custodian to execute trade in a timely and efficient manner may affect our reputation and business. 

For our domestic funds, we currently rely on four registrar and transfer agents that record and register transactions carried out by our clients in respect of their investments in our funds on a daily basis. We are in the process of consolidating all our register and transfer services to Karvy Computershare Private Limited as our sole agent. We may face difficulties, interruption and delays during the consolidation which may affect our reputation and may lead to loss of clients. The consolidation of our registry and transfer processes with one agent will make us solely dependent on that agent. We may also incur unexpected and higher costs during the consolidation. 

## **_13. We may not be able to attract and retain senior investment professionals and other personnel, which may adversely affect our business._** 

Competition for employees with the necessary experience, reputation and relationships in our industry is intense and we may not be successful in recruiting and retaining the required personnel that perform critical functions in our company. In addition, our investment professionals and senior sales and client service personnel have direct contact with our clients and certain third party intermediaries, which can lead to strong relationships. Our standard terms and conditions of employment do not limit the ability of these 

XIX 

personnel to solicit our clients after termination of their employment, and therefore the loss of these personnel could jeopardize our relationships with certain clients and third party intermediaries and result in the loss of client accounts. Moreover, we have recently put together an employee share ownership plan which may not be effective to recruit and retain the personnel we need. Loss of key employees may occur due to perceived limited opportunities for promotion, increased compensation or other reasons, some of which may be beyond our control. Our key employees may find our competitors more attractive to work for because of various reasons, including their greater financial resources, longer operating history, greater brand recognition and diversified operations. Our state ownership may be perceived negatively by the workforce, further disadvantaging us. The inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel could affect our ability to provide an acceptable level of service to our clients and our ability to retain clients and attract new clients, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We are highly dependent on our senior management team, as well as our fund and relationship managers and other employees, to manage our current operations and meet future business challenges. The loss of the services of any of these persons could lead to a loss of clients or relationships with third-party intermediaries and may adversely affect our business and our financial results. 

## **_14. Our Sponsors and their affiliates may compete with us as they manage and sell participations in similar types of funds and target similar types of clients and offer services that are related to our business, which may create conflicts of interest._** 

Each of our Sponsors, State Bank of India ("SBI"), Life Insurance Corporation of India ("LIC"), Punjab National Bank and Bank of Baroda, is a well-known Government controlled entity in India. Each of them operate, and control, asset management companies that target types of clients similar as ours. In particular, SBI Funds Management Private Limited ("SBI Funds"), a subsidiary of SBI (a Sponsor), is one of our major competitors. Two of our recent clients, PFRDA and NIF, have selected LIC and SBI as eligible pension fund providers along with us to provide them with investment management services. We therefore will compete with LIC and SBI to get a larger share of fund management from PFRDA and NIF. Bank of Baroda has recently announced a joint venture with Pioneer Investments (a global investment manager) in order to increase Bank of Baroda's presence in the mutual fund industry. Given that our Sponsors will continue to be shareholders after the Offer and will continue to hold the entire shareholding of the UTI Trustee (the trustee of the UTI Mutual Fund), we may have conflicts of interest with the Sponsors and these conflicts may harm our business. SEBI has issued guidelines designed to reduce the risk of conflicts of interest between us and our Sponsors. These guidelines may not be sufficient to avoid all conflicts of interest or there may be interpretative differences leading to conflicts of interest. 

**_15. If our Sponsors' shareholding in our Equity Shares is further diluted and they no longer own at least 51% of our outstanding shares, our ability to gain and retain Government business may be adversely affected._** 

Our Sponsors are controlled by the Government of India, and this has helped us in procuring business from Government-controlled entities such as PFRDA and NIF, which handle large amounts of public funds. PFRDA has selected us and two other asset management firms for setting up and managing a pension fund for government employees under the new pension system. Similarly, we have been appointed as one of three asset managers for managing the funds of NIF (which will hold proceeds received from the sale of government's shareholding in various state-owned entities to private entities). Both PFRDA and NIF have appointed only Government-controlled fund advisors to provide them with advisory and management services. PFRDA specifically requires that its pension fund managers must be directly or indirectly controlled by the Government. It also requires that a fund advisor can only have up to 26% of its shares held by foreign investors. Similar restrictions exist for business opportunities with other PSUs. We may not be able to attract and retain such clients if our Sponsors cease to own at least 51% of our Equity Shares, because we will cease to be indirectly controlled by the Government, and therefore, may not be able to satisfy their eligibility criteria. The Government of India must approve any sales of additional Equity Shares by our Sponsors after this Offering. Likewise, if any of our Sponsors cease to be controlled by the Government of India, we may not satisfy the eligibility criteria. In addition, if a significant percentage of our shares are held by foreign investors, we may lose access to Government business. Moreover, the Government may decide to eliminate its ownership requirements for Government-related fund management, which could have an adverse impact on our business and income as there would likely be more competition for Government mandates. 

XX 

## **_16. Our business is highly dependent upon computer-based systems to process transactions, and failure or problems with those systems may disrupt our business and limit our growth._** 

Our business is highly dependent on our communications and information systems. We are also dependent on the communication and information systems of our key service providers, which includes various banks, custodians and the registrar and transfer agents. Any failure or interruption of such systems, whether caused by fire, other natural disaster, power or telecommunications failure, acts of terrorism, a security breach, or war or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Operational risk arises from mistakes made in securities trading, the confirmation or settlement of transactions or from the improper recording of or accounting for transactions. We are highly dependent on our ability to process a large number of transactions on a daily basis, and rely on financial, accounting, trading, compliance and other data processing systems to do so. If any of these systems (or their back-up systems and procedures) do not function properly or are disabled, we could suffer financial loss, business disruption, liability to clients, regulatory intervention or damage to our reputation. We have on occasions failed to release updated daily net asset value of our funds within the time period prescribed by SEBI, which may have damaged our reputation, and we may again in the future fail to do so. In addition, if our systems are unable to accommodate an increasing volume of transactions, our ability to expand could be affected. We cannot be sure that a failure will not occur, or that back-up procedures and capabilities in the event of any such failure or interruption will be adequate. 

## **_17. Employee misconduct could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain clients and subject us to significant legal liability and reputational harm._** 

We run the risk of employee misconduct in our business. For example, misconduct by employees could involve the improper use or disclosure of confidential information, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious reputational or financial harm. In connection with our portfolio management services business, we may typically have the discretion to trade client's assets on the clients' behalf and we must do so by acting in the best interest of the client. Our employees are subject to a number of obligations and standards, and the violation of those obligations or standards may adversely affect our clients and us. It is not always possible to deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. 

## **_18. Labour unrest could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain clients and subject us to significant legal liability and reputational harm._** 

We run the risk of an industrial action by our non-managerial employees. India has stringent labor legislation that protects the interests of workers, including legislation that sets forth detailed procedures for the establishment of unions, dispute resolution and employee removal and legislation that imposes certain financial obligations on employers related to retrenchment. 

Our non-managerial staff have formed a registered trade union for redressal of their grievances.  We may not be able to change the terms and conditions of employment for our non-managerial employees, if the union objects to such change, which may adversely affect our business. In September 2003, we faced an industrial action by our non-managerial staff which ended after we entered into a memorandum of settlement with the labor union. The settlement memorandum expires in December 2008, and we may face further industrial action if we are not able to satisfactorily conclude a new agreement. Any labor trouble, including any form of industrial action by our employees, may damage our reputation and cause loss to our business. The terms of any new settlement memorandum may be disadvantageous for us and increase our labor costs. 

## **_19. We are involved in a number of legal proceedings that, if determined against us, could adversely impact our financial condition._** 

We are party to various legal proceedings that are pending at different levels of adjudication and before various courts, as follows: 

Civil cases 

There are two civil cases filed against the Company where the aggregate claimed amount from the Company and SUUTI is approximately Rs. 31,949,958 and two cases by the Company where the aggregate claim is 

XXI 

approximately Rs. 14,131,394.61. 

Criminal cases There are twenty three criminal cases filed against the erstwhile Unit Trust of India (UTI). The complainants’ grievances have been redressed, however being criminal cases; these cases are continuing and can be closed only on the order of the concerned court. 

Debt Recovery cases 

The Company is continuing to litigate 251 money recovery suits, out of which 166 cases are exclusively on behalf of SUUTI and 85 are either exclusively on behalf of the schemes of UTI Mutual Fund or jointly on behalf of the schemes of SUUTI. 

Income Tax case There is one Income Tax Department case against erstwhile UTI. As stated by the department in its petition, the loss to the exchequer would be more than Rs. 10,000 million. The Company has also disputed demands raised by the Income Tax authorities in three additional cases for the assessment year 2003-2004, 2004-2005 and 2005-2006 wherein the amount involved is Rs. 79,257,434, Rs. 385,927 and Rs. 47,602,848 respectively. 

Service Tax case A demand of Rs. 13,019,657 along with interest against the Company has been raised in respect of short paid service tax. The Company has requested the department to allow adjustment of excess service tax deposited with the department and the department had by its letter dated January 1, 2008 intimated that the Company should follow certain procedures and refrain from such adjustments of duty in future. 

MRTP Commission There is one case before MRTP Commission New Delhi filed against erstwhile Unit Trust of India (UTI) concerning one scheme of the Company 

Human Resource cases There are 35 cases involving employees and personnel of our Company where the aggregate claim is for approximately Rs. Rs. 1,655,152 

Consumer cases in relation There are 602 consumer cases out of which CAMS is litigating 40 cases to registrar and transfer wherein the total liability is Rs. 707,421.27, Datamatics Financial Services activities involving the Limited is litigating 196 cases wherein the total liability is Rs. 1,731,380 Registrar and Transfer and UTITSL is litigating 366 cases wherein the total liability is Rs. agents 10,859,406.30. 

These matters may not be settled in our favor and further liability may arise from them. Any adverse orders that may be issued in any such ongoing or other potential litigation could impact our operations and financial results. Damages awarded under Indian law and by Indian courts may vary and tend to be unpredictable.  Our insurance coverage and any available indemnities may be inadequate.  If any current or future cases are not resolved in our favor, and if our insurance coverage and any applicable indemnity is insufficient to cover the damages awarded, we may be required to make substantial payments or to modify or restrict our operations, any of which could have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. 

Any new developments, such as a change in Indian law or rulings against us by appellate courts or tribunals, may require that we make provisions in our financial accounts, which could increase our reported expenses and our liabilities. Any provisions we have made for litigation may not be sufficient and further substantial litigation may be brought against us in the future. Courts often take a long time to decide cases. Pending or future litigation may distract our management and increase our expenses.  For further details on the above matters, see the section titled "Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments" on page 260 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

## **_20. We may not successfully complete the acquisition of our main office space in Mumbai and this may adversely affect our business and financial results._** 

The seven-story UTI Tower in Gn Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai is our primary office building. The leasehold interest over the plot of land on which the UTI Tower is built was purchased by Unit Trust of India from Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority ("MMRDA") in 1993 for 

XXII 

a term of 80 years. In February 2003, as part of the bifurcation of Unit Trust of India, the leasehold interest in the UTI Tower was transferred to SUUTI.  In October 2006, SUUTI agreed to sell to us the first, fifth, sixth and seventh floors and the parts of the basement and ground floors we currently occupy in the UTI Tower. SUUTI (and some of its affiliates) and Bank of Baroda (a Sponsor) occupy the remainder of the UTI Tower. The transfer of legal title to our floors has not yet been finalized, as the consent of MMRDA, the freeholder of the underlying property, is pending. SUUTI has informed us that if MMRDA does not consent to the transfer, then we can continue to occupy the premises as SUUTI's sub-tenant, provided we agree the terms of the tenancy (including the rent payable). We have paid SUUTI the purchase price for the transfer. We may not be able to agree satisfactory sub-tenancy terms with SUUTI or find other adequate office premises. Alternatively, our occupancy costs may increase. Any such difficulties may interrupt our operations and adversely affect our financial results. In addition, we may acquire additional office space from SUUTI with a portion of the proceeds of the Private Placement. 

## **_21. Our Sponsors are controlled by the Government and will hold a majority of our Equity Shares after the Offer and can therefore determine the outcome of any shareholder voting, which may not be in our interest._** 

Each of our Sponsors is a well-known Government controlled entity in India.  After the Offer, our Sponsors will continue to hold a majority of our Equity Shares. Any further dilution in the shareholding of our Sponsors will require prior approval from the Government. Our Sponsors will be in a position to determine the outcome of any shareholder voting, which may be guided by Government policy and may not be in our best interest. Moreover, after the Offer, our Sponsors will continue to own the entire shareholding of UTI Trustee (the trustee of UTI Mutual Fund), and therefore can significantly influence and control UTI Trustee to reach decisions which may not be in our best interest. In addition, SUUTI is controlled by the Government of India. These conflicts of interest may adversely affect our income, profit and business. 

## **_22. We may not complete our Private Placement, which would likely adversely affect our expansion, growth plans and financial results._** 

We may not be able to complete our Private Placement or may raise fewer proceeds that we expect, due to market conditions, investor sentiment or other factors. Our growth plans depend, at least in part, on utilizing net proceeds from the Private Placement to expand our distribution network, invest in new office premises, co-invest in new private equity funds, and pursue strategic joint ventures and acquisitions. If our Private Placement is not completed as we expect, these growth plans will likely be curtailed, which may adversely affect our business and financial results. Alternatively we may be forced to pursue other financings if our Private Placement is not successfully completed. 

## **_23. We will not receive any proceeds from this offer_** 

This Offer is being made by the Selling Shareholders and there is no fresh issue by the Company. Accordingly, the funds raised by the sale of our Equity Shares in this Offer will not come to our Company. The primary objects of the Offer are to achieve the benefits of listing of our Equity Shares and carry out the divestment of Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholders. We will bear costs in relation to the listing fees for our Equity Shares, and we will not receive any proceeds from the sale of Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholders. 

## **_24. Reorganizing our business from a privately-held company to a publicly listed company will result in increased administrative and regulatory costs and burdens that are not reflected in our historical financial statements and may strain our resources._** 

UTI AMC was converted into public limited company on November 14, 2007. Reorganizing our business from a privately held company to a public limited company and then to a publicly listed company will result in increased administrative and regulatory costs and burdens that are not reflected in our historical financial statements. In addition, as we will be a publicly traded company, we will be implementing additional regulatory and administrative procedures and processes for the purpose of addressing the standards and requirements applicable to publicly listed companies, including SEBI and the relevant stock exchange rules and guidelines and related regulatory initiatives. These increased administrative and regulatory costs and burdens could adversely affect our results of operations. 

XXIII 

## **_25. We may engage in strategic transactions and other business combinations that could create risks and harm our business and financial results._** 

As part of our business strategy, we may from time to time pursue potential strategic transactions and other business opportunities, including acquisitions, dispositions, consolidations, joint ventures or similar transactions, some of which may be material. We may not find suitable candidates for such transactions at acceptable prices, have sufficient capital resources to accomplish our strategy, or be successful in entering into agreements for desired transactions. After completion, these transactions pose a number of additional risks and financial, managerial and operational challenges, including integration difficulties, contingent liabilities and disputes with counter-parties. 

Business combinations may result in the loss of clients or employees or under-perform relative to expectations. We may also experience financial or other setbacks if business combinations encounter unanticipated problems, including problems related to execution or integration. Following the completion of an acquisition or joint venture, we may have to rely on the seller or joint venture partner to provide administrative and other support, including financial reporting and internal controls, to the acquired business or the joint venture. The seller or joint venture partner may not do so in a manner that is acceptable to us. 

## **_26. We may incur significant liability to National Investment Fund ("NIF") as we are obligated to reimburse NIF for any decline in value of the capital we invest on NIF's behalf._** 

Our portfolio services agreement with NIF requires that we reimburse NIF for any decline in value in the capital we invest on behalf of NIF.  The agreement prohibits us from investing more than 10% of the funds in equity securities.  The equity and debt investments we make for NIF may decline in value, and if NIF then redeems its funds, we will incur losses as we reimburse NIF. These losses could be significant depending upon our investment performance.  We have received Rs. 3,689 million from NIF and expect to receive additional funds as the Government privatizes other businesses. 

## **_27. UTI International Limited, our wholly owned subsidiary, has incurred losses, which has affected our consolidated financial results._** 

We market our overseas funds through UTI International Limited ("UTI International"), a Guernsey company. UTI International has branches in London, Dubai, Bahrain and Singapore, and has two subsidiaries, UTI Investment Management Company Mauritius Limited and UTI International (Singapore) Private Limited. UTI International has incurred losses. Loss after tax for UTI International was £134,846 or Rs. 11.2 million, £472,600 or Rs. 37.3 million and £246,907 or Rs. 21.2 million for the Fiscals 2005, 2006 and 2007, respectively. UTI International's losses have had an adverse affect on our consolidated profits. 

For details regarding the losses incurred by our UTI International, see the section "Financial Statements" on page 120 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

## **Risks Related to our Industry** 

## **_28. AUM and the future of the asset management industry is dependent on the performance of the Indian economy and securities market, and any slowdown, decline or volatility in the economy and markets may adversely affect our business and financial results._** 

AUM and the future of the Indian asset management industry is heavily dependent on how the Indian securities market and the Indian economy performs. The growth of the Indian mutual fund industry depends in part on whether the Indian economy continues to maintain a reasonable growth rate. According to the RBI Annual Report 2007, the GDP of India is estimated to have increased 9.4% during the last fiscal year. During the same period, according to AMFI, the AUM in the mutual fund industry in India grew from Rs. 2,307 billion to Rs. 3,248 billion. Any slowdown or a downturn in the Indian economy will adversely affect our business and financial results. The growth rate of India's GDP declined to 8.9% in the second quarter of fiscal year 2008. Economists are generally predicting a further decline in the GDP growth rate as the RBI tightens monetary policy to respond to the strengthening Rupee. 

The mutual fund industry has also benefited immensely from unprecedented growth in the Indian equity securities market over the past four years (since April 2003), which has contributed to a strong performance 

XXIV 

by some of our equity funds. The BSE Sensex index (the "Sensex") increased a cumulative 284% in the last four fiscal years, and a further 32% in the first half of this fiscal year. The Indian securities market remains volatile, and any downturn or slowdown in the securities market and the Indian economy may affect our growth and business. For example, on December 17, 2007, the Sensex declined 769 points, or 3.8% compared to the previous trading day's closing price. In May 2006 and May 2004, the Sensex had single trading day losses of 6.8% and 11.1%, respectively. The recent high rate of growth cannot be expected to continue, and this may affect the level of our AUM and our financial results. 

In October 2007, SEBI introduced certain changes in existing regulations governing participation in the Indian capital markets by foreign institutional investors ("FIIs") and sub-accounts and registration with the SEBI for this purpose. The new regulations restrict the issuance of offshore derivative instruments by FIIs and completely prohibit their issuance by sub-accounts of FIIs. Based on the notional value of participatory notes ("P-Notes") as compared to the assets under custody ("AUC") of FIIs as of September 30, 2007, certain quantitative restrictions have been set for the issuance of P-Notes. These changes may decrease the level of foreign investment in mutual funds in India, at least in the short to medium term, as FIIs may need to adjust their portfolios in order to comply with the quantitative restrictions that have been set for the issuance of P-Notes. Other regulatory developments, such as RBI's pending rule to further restrict the amount of credit banks may extend against the value of a borrower's holdings in equity mutual funds and SEBI's proposal to prohibit load charges on sales of mutual funds over the Internet, may similarly affect the performance of the Indian securities markets. 

## **_29. The mutual fund business in India may be adversely affected by changes in the present favourable tax regime._** 

Under the Indian income tax regime, dividend income received by domestic investors in respect of units held in an "equity-oriented mutual fund" is exempt from income tax. (An "equity-oriented mutual fund" is a fund which invests more than 65% of its total corpus in Equity Shares of domestic companies.) In addition, no tax is deductible at source if an equity-oriented fund makes a distribution to its investors. Any gains made by investors in India upon redeeming their investment in an equity-oriented fund are exempt from capital gains tax, provided the investment is made for a period of more than 12 months. In relation to funds other than equity-oriented funds, dividend income received by domestic investors is exempt from income tax. Distributions made to such fund investors are taxed at source which can be between 12.5% to 25% plus surcharge and cess (the maximum rate of 25% is less than the maximum income tax rate of 30% applying to non-mutual fund investors). Any long term gains realized by domestic investors upon redeeming their investments (which were held for more than 12 months) in funds other than equity-oriented funds are taxable at 10% or 20% (depending on whether the investor takes into account the indexation benefit when calculating the taxable gain). Investors in equity-oriented funds have to pay securities transaction tax ("STT") at the rate of 0.25% on the sale of units back to the mutual fund. Any change in the present tax regime may adversely affect our business as it may drive investors away from investing in mutual funds and towards other more tax-efficient saving instruments. 

## **_30. The asset management industry relies heavily on the availability of appropriate investment opportunities, and the lack of such opportunities could hamper our investment performance and growth._** 

An important component of investment performance is the availability of appropriate investment opportunities for new and existing funds. If we are not able to identify favorable investment opportunities for assets in a timely manner, our investment performance could be adversely affected.  Alternatively, if we do not have sufficient investment opportunities for our new funds, we may elect to limit the growth of the fund by reducing the rate at which it receives new investments from clients.  Depending on, among other factors, prevailing market conditions, the asset manager's investment style, regulatory and other limits and the market sectors and types of opportunities in which the asset manager typically invests (such as less capitalized companies and other more thinly traded securities in which relatively smaller investments are typically made), the risks of not having sufficient investment opportunities may increase when an asset manager increases its AUM, particularly when the increase occurs very quickly.  A number of our funds, including the Infrastructure Fund and the Liquid Cash Plan, have had relatively large increases in their AUM in recent years.  If our asset managers are not able to identify sufficient investment opportunities for these funds or any other fund, our investment performance and our ability to continue to grow may be reduced and we may have to change the investment objectives of the affected funds. For example, in June and July 2007, we ceased actively marketing our Liquid Cash Plan fund to new clients, as liquidity in the financial markets significantly increased, resulting in an insufficient number of investment opportunities. 

XXV 

Our funds may face similar problems in the future. Most of the AUM for UTI International are invested in debt funds. The Government of India is forecasting reduced borrowings in the future and also is seeking to reduce the level of foreign investors in its debt securities. As a result, UTI International may have fewer attractive investment opportunities and its AUM may decline. 

## **_31. Many of our competitors, including the two largest mutual funds by AUM, are part of diversified financial institutions that offer clients a wide range of services, which places us at a relative disadvantage and may adversely affect our market share and growth plans._** 

Many of our competitors offer a wide range of financial services to their clients, which places us at a relative disadvantage. These diverse services may be offered directly or through affiliates and include insurance products, credit card facilities and money transfer, money-changing and other retail banking facilities, and can take advantage of extensive in-house distribution networks. Our competitors may receive client referrals from their affiliates and other departments that provide other financial services. They may also be seen by our clients as a "one-stop shop" for all their financial services needs and may choose to give their business to our competitors for the sake of convenience. This puts us at a disadvantage and may adversely affect our market share and growth plans. 

## **_32. The asset management industry is intensely competitive, and increased competition has affected and in the future can further adversely affect our market share._** 

The asset management industry is intensely competitive, with competition based on a variety of factors, including investment performance, the quality of service provided to clients, the level of fees and commissions charged for services, brand recognition and business reputation, the range of products offered, the level of expenses paid to financial intermediaries related to administration and distribution and financial strength. 

We compete not only with other mutual fund providers and other asset managers but also with a large number of commercial banks, investment banks, broker-dealers, insurance companies and other financial institutions. For example, insurance products, such as unit-linked insurance plans (ULIP), vigorously compete with equity mutual funds, as some of these products may have higher returns, while also providing insurance coverage. Some of the insurance companies have more extensive distribution network than we do, and aggressively market their products. Other competitors offer their products through retail banking networks in major metropolitan areas, the typical source of financial products for many Indians. Recently, large global foreign banks have begun setting up mutual funds and other businesses in India. Given their global brand recognition, experience and financial resources, we expect their products to pose stiff competition. In connection with our overseas fund business, we compete with a number of other mutual fund providers, in particular with larger and more well-established international asset managers. 

A variety of factors increase our competitive risks: 

- A number of our competitors have greater financial and other resources, offer more comprehensive lines of products and services, and have more extensive distribution networks, than we do. 

- The recent trend toward consolidation within the asset management industry, and the securities business in general, has served to increase the size and strength of a number of our competitors. 

- There are relatively few barriers to entry by new asset management firms, including a relatively low cost of entering the asset management industry, and the successful efforts of recent entrants into our various lines of business, including major banks, insurance companies and other financial institutions, have resulted in increased competition. 

- Other industry participants seek to recruit our employees. 

- Our competitors are seeking to expand market share in the products and services we offer or intend to offer in the future. 

These competitive pressures could reduce our market share, income and profit and have a material adverse effect on our business. 

XXVI 

## **_33. The asset management business is subject to substantial liquidity and seasonality risks, which could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition and cause significant harm to our reputation and business._** 

Clients of our open-ended funds may typically redeem their investments at any time for any reason or no reason. Clients to whom we provide portfolio management services may instruct us to redeem their investments at any time for any reason or no reason. If a large number of such clients decide to redeem their investments within a short period of time, we may be faced with severe liquidity risk. The Indian securities market is volatile and a sudden drop in the index of the Indian securities market can trigger a large number of redemptions from our clients which we may not be able to satisfy in a timely and efficient manner. While we seek to maintain a reasonably liquid investment portfolio and also have a line of credit against shortterm deposits, there is no guarantee that we will in future have sufficient liquidity in place to meet and satisfy redemption demands made by our clients in a timely and sufficient manner. Failure to meet redemption demands promptly could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition and cause significant harm to our reputation. 

The liquidity risk faced by the asset management business increases at the end of each fiscal quarter (i.e., at the end of June, September, December and March). At these times in particular, corporate clients tend to redeem units in liquid and income funds to fund tax payments coinciding with such dates. In addition, at or near the end of each March and September, banks typically make redemptions to help address funding and other regulatory requirements. Furthermore, expenses of asset managers may increase at the end of each half fiscal year, to the extent they reimburse their fund on a semi-annual basis for expenses exceeding the relevant limits. 

## **_34. The asset management industry is regulated and non-compliance with or change in any existing regulations may adversely affect our business._** 

As a mutual fund provider we are regulated by SEBI under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996. SEBI also issues guidelines from time to time. In addition, SEBI has issued separate regulations governing portfolio managers and venture capital and private equity funds. If we fail to comply with any regulations or guidelines, we may be subject to fines, sanctions and court proceedings. Compliance or other costs may rise due to changes in regulations, which may reduce our profit or put us at a competitive disadvantage. For example, the structuring of our overseas funds is complicated and may be determined to be not fully compliant with the applicable regulations.  In addition, changes in the relevant regulations may require us to restructure our overseas business, which could entail substantial costs. Any change in the regulations restricting foreign direct investment may lead to a loss of foreign institutional investors which may adversely affect our growth and profits. 

New "know your customer" and anti-money laundering regulations are expected to take effect on or about January 15, 2008. We may have difficulty complying with the new regulations and will have to incur additional costs to comply with the regulations. The specific impact of the new regulations on our businesses is difficult to predict. SEBI also has stringent regulations regarding fund accounting, including what type of expenses may be allocated to funds and what expenses must be borne by asset managers. We may have difficulty determining the appropriate allocation of expenses, which could lead to regulatory problems and harm our reputation and business. 

SEBI has the power to inspect our books from time to time and ensure that we are in compliance with SEBI regulations. The last SEBI inspection of our books was for the period between July 2003 and June 2005. Failure to comply with regulations may adversely affect our relationship with SEBI and may lead to regulatory actions which includes fines or sanctions imposed by SEBI and in some circumstances could lead to revocation of our license to function as an asset management services company. 

## **_35. The asset management business is subject to litigation risks, which could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition and cause significant reputational harm to us._** 

As an asset manager, we have a fiduciary duty to our clients. If our clients suffer significant losses, or are otherwise dissatisfied with our services, we could be subject to legal liabilities and actions alleging negligent misconduct, breach of fiduciary duty and breach of contract. These risks are often difficult to assess or quantify and their existence and magnitude often remain unknown for substantial periods of time. We may incur significant legal expenses in defending against litigation. Substantial legal liability or 

XXVII 

significant regulatory action against us may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations or cause significant reputational harm to us. 

## **_36. Adequate insurance coverage for our current or future litigation, including claims against us outside of India, is generally not available, and adverse orders, judgments or other resolutions in such cases may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations._** 

We face the risk of liability related to litigation from clients, third party vendors, service providers and others and actions taken by regulatory agencies. To help protect against these potential liabilities, we purchase insurance in amounts, and against risks, that we consider appropriate. However, our current or future litigation, including claims against us outside of India, may not be covered by insurance or, even if covered, may exceed the limits of available insurance coverage, the insurers may not remain solvent or meet their obligations to provide us with coverage and the insurance coverage may not continue to be available with sufficient limits at a reasonable cost. Over the last several years, the cost of obtaining insurance has increased significantly and we expect further significant increases. In addition, insurance coverage may not be available or may only be available at prohibitive costs.  Renewals of insurance may expose us to additional costs through higher premiums or the assumption of higher deductibles or coinsurance liability. 

## **_37. Increases in interest rates, or concern about potential future increases, could have an adverse effect on our fixed income business, liquidity and AUM._** 

As of September 30, 2007, approximately 55.7% of our AUM were fixed income assets. Increases in interest rates from their present levels may adversely affect the net asset values of the income assets. According to Reuters, Reserve Bank of India's 10 Year Government Securities yield rose from 5.1% to 8% between April 1, 2004 to November 30, 2007. In a rising interest rate environment investors may shift their assets to liquid funds to realize higher yields. Liquid funds tend to be less profitable than other funds. Retail investors may shift their investments to bank deposits. Furthermore, increases in interest rates will contribute to lower prices for the fixed income securities in our portfolio and may result in a downturn in the equity markets.  Any of these effects may lower our AUM and income and, if our income declines without a commensurate reduction in our expenses, our profit will be reduced. 

## **_38. The asset management industry benefits significantly from the high rate of financial savings in India, and any decline in the rate of savings may adversely affect our business._** 

According to the RBI Annual Report, 2007, India's gross savings rate, as percentage to GDP, rose from 29.7% for fiscal year 2004 to 32.4% for fiscal year 2006. The rate of household financial savings, as a percentage of GDP, rose from 11.3% for fiscal year 2004 to 11.7% for fiscal year 2006. During the same period, AUM in the Indian mutual fund industry grew by 71.8% (according to AMFI). The mutual fund industry benefits immensely from the high rate of savings, in particular financial savings, in India. The increase in consumer options and available credit in India has resulted in an increase in consumer spending, which may lead to a decrease in the savings rate. Any decline in the rate of savings may adversely affect our growth and business. 

According to the RBI Annual Report 2007, 55.6% of India's household financial savings was in the form of bank deposits in fiscal year 2007. Any damage caused to the reputation of the mutual fund industry or to the reputation of any of our major competitors may dissuade clients from investing in mutual funds and cause clients to invest their savings as deposits in banks owned directly or indirectly by the Government of India or in gold or real estate, all of which have traditionally been seen by Indian households as safe forms of investment. Such an occurrence may adversely affect our business and growth. 

## **_39. The recent economic slowdown and the decline in equity markets in the United States and elsewhere may materially adversely affect our industry._** 

The economic slowdown in the United States, which started with the subprime crisis in the summer of 2007, and has triggered liquidity problems and downturns in the European markets, may adversely affect our industry by triggering a similar recession or slowdown in the Indian and other Asian economies and markets. A liquidity shortage in the United States and Europe may drastically reduce the amount of foreign direct investments made in India and inflows to the Indian securities market from such countries, which in 

XXVIII 

turn may affect the growth of the Indian securities market and have a knock-on effect on our growth and business. 

## **Risks Related to Our Equity Shares and the Trading Market** 

## **_40. There is no existing market for the Equity Shares, and our share price may fluctuate after the Offer and, as a result, you may lose a significant part or all of your investment._** 

Prior to this offering, there has been no public trading market for the Equity Shares. It is possible that, after this offering, an active trading market will not develop or continue. If an active trading market does not develop, you may have difficulty selling any of the Equity Shares that you buy. The initial public offering price per Equity Share will be determined by agreement between us in consultation with the Selling Shareholders and the BRLMs, through the Book Building Process and may not be indicative of the price at which the Equity Shares will trade in the public market after this offering. Consequently, you may not be able to sell the Equity Shares at prices equal to or greater than the price you paid in this offering. This offering will be the first international public offering of Equity Shares by a mutual fund provider in India, which may make determining the price for the Equity Shares more difficult. 

## **_41. Volatile conditions in the Indian securities market may affect the price or liquidity of the Equity Shares._** 

The Indian securities markets have experienced significant volatility from time to time.  The regulation and monitoring of the Indian securities market and the activities of investors, brokers and other participants differ, in some cases significantly, from those in the United States and some European countries.  Indian stock exchanges have experienced problems, including temporary closures, broker defaults, settlement delays and strikes by brokerage firm employees, which, if those or similar problems were to continue or recur, could adversely affect the market price and liquidity of the securities of Indian companies, including the Equity Shares. 

## **_42. You will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares you purchase in the Offer._** 

Under SEBI Guidelines, we are permitted to allot Equity Shares within 15 days of the closure of a public issue. You can begin trading in the Equity Shares only after they have been credited to your dematerialized account and after final listing and trading permissions have been received from the Stock Exchanges. Final trading permissions may not be received from the Stock Exchanges, the Equity Shares allocated to you may not be credited to your dematerialized account and trading in the Equity Shares may not commence within the time periods specified above. 

## **_43. Your holdings may be diluted by additional issuances of Equity Shares, and sales of Equity Shares by our Sponsors may adversely affect the market price of our Equity Shares._** 

Any future issuance of our Equity Shares by us, including pursuant to the exercise of share options under any scheme in the future, may dilute the positions of investors in our Equity Shares, which could adversely affect the market price of our Equity Shares.  We may decide to issue Equity Shares in the future in order to help fund acquisitions and other expansion plans, as well as improvements to our existing infrastructure and other business activities. Any such future issuance of Equity Shares, or the possibility of such issuances, could negatively impact the market price of our Equity Shares. Additional Equity Shares may be issued at prices below the then-current market price. We may also issue convertible debt securities to finance future acquisitions or fund other business activities. 

Sales of Equity Shares by our Sponsors, or the possibility of such sales, may adversely affect the market price of our Equity Shares. The Equity Shares held by our Sponsors and not sold in this Offering will be subject to a one-year selling restriction. The Equity Shares that are allotted in the Private Placement will be subject to a one-year selling restriction. 

XXIX 

## **_44. We have not entered into definitive agreements to utilize any of the net proceeds of the Private Placement and our expansion plans have not been appraised._** 

We intend to use the net proceeds of the Private Placement to expand our distribution network, enhance our existing technological infrastructure, make strategic acquisitions and investments in new joint ventures and co-investments in funds we may raise, as well as for general corporate purposes. For further information, see the section titled "Objects of the Offer" beginning on page 27 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. We will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. 

We have not entered into definitive agreements to utilize any of the net proceeds of the Private Placement and we may not be able to conclude definitive agreements for such investments on terms favorable to us or at all.  Our expenditure plans are based on management estimates and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or any other independent organization.  Accordingly, our directors and management will have significant flexibility in applying the proceeds received by us from the Private Placement, including the potential use of the proceeds to fund future acquisitions.  In addition, our expenditure plans are subject to a number of variables, including possible cost overruns and changes in our management's views of the desirability of our current plans.  Any unanticipated increase in the cost of any of our expansion plans could adversely affect our estimates of the cost of such expansion. 

## **_45. You may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on sale of the Equity Shares, which will adversely affect any gains made upon sale of Equity Shares._** 

Capital gains arising from the sale of our Equity Shares are generally taxable in India. Any gain realized on the sale of our Equity Shares will not be subject to capital gains tax in India, provided the Equity Shares being sold were held for more than 12 months prior to being sold and that the seller of those shares paid the securities transaction tax ("STT"). STT will be levied and collected by the Indian Stock Exchange on which our Equity Shares are sold. 

Capital gains arising from the sale of our Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India provided the relevant treaty between India and the country where the seller resides provides for an exemption from any capital gains tax. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India's ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for capital gains tax in India as well as in their own jurisdictions on any gains realized upon the sale of the Equity Shares. For more information, see "Statement of Tax Benefits" on page 31 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

## **_46. We intend to pay regular dividends to our shareholders, but our ability to do so is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and applicable provisions of Indian law, which may limit the amount of funds available for distribution._** 

After this offering, we intend to pay cash dividends on a regular basis. Our board of directors may, in its discretion, decrease the level of dividends or discontinue the payment of dividends entirely. Our ability to make dividend payments will be subject to our operating results, cash requirements and financial condition, the applicable laws of India (which may limit the amount of funds available for distribution), our ability to access the cash flow of our subsidiaries and our agreements with third parties. If, as a consequence of these various limitations and restrictions, we are unable to generate sufficient distributions from our business, we may not be able to make, or may have to reduce or eliminate, the payment of dividends on our Equity Shares. 

## **_47. Changes in the laws regulating the securities market, including the issuance of P-Notes, may have an impact on the price of the Equity Shares._** 

In October 2007, SEBI proposed and subsequently introduced certain changes in existing regulations governing participation in the Indian capital markets by FIIs and sub-accounts and registration with the SEBI for this purpose. The new regulations modify conditions pertaining to "broad-based" and "track record" criteria for certain applicants. Further, the issuance of offshore derivative instruments by FIIs has been restricted and such issuance by sub-accounts of FIIs has been prohibited. Based on the notional value of participatory notes ("P-Notes") as compared to the assets under custody ("AUC") of FIIs as of September 30, 2007, certain quantitative restrictions have been set for the issuance of P-Notes. For FIIs for which the notional value of outstanding P-Notes as of such date exceeded 40% of their AUC, such FIIs may issue P- Notes only against cancellation of existing P-Notes. For FIIs for which such ratio was less than 40%, the 

XXX 

FIIs may issue new P-Notes of up to 5% per annum of their AUC until such ratio reaches 40%.  The new regulations may decrease the level of foreign investment in the Indian securities markets and the liquidity of such markets, which may adversely affect the price and trading of the Equity Shares. The regulations are subject to change and interpretation, and their full impact may not be understood until later. 

## **Risks Related to Investing in Indian Companies** 

## **_48. Currency exchange rate fluctuations may affect the value of the Equity Shares._** 

Between April 2006 to November 2007, the US Dollar consistently depreciated against the Indian Rupee, resulting in the Indian Rupee appreciating approximately 12.3% against the US Dollar.  It is possible that in the future this trend will be reversed and the Indian Rupee will depreciate against the US Dollar. Currency fluctuations will affect the value of the Equity Shares. 

## **_49. We may be adversely affected by changes in Government policy._** 

Our assets and customers are predominantly located in India.  The Government of India has traditionally exercised and continues to exercise a dominant influence over many aspects of the economy.  Its economic policies have had and could continue to have a significant effect on us, and on market conditions and prices of Indian securities, including our Equity Shares. Any significant change in the Government's policies or any political instability in India could adversely affect business and economic conditions in India and could also adversely affect our business, our future financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

## **_50. It may not be possible to enforce any judgment obtained in the United States against us or any of our affiliates in India, except by way of suit in India on such judgment, which will adversely affect US investors by increasing the cost of litigation and delaying the  enforcement of judgments._** 

We are organized under the laws of India.  All our directors and senior executive officers reside in India (other than those executives who work in our overseas offices) and most of our assets, and the assets of our directors and officers, are located in India.  As a result, you may be unable to: 

- effect service of process within the United States upon us and these other persons or entities; and 

- enforce in the US courts judgments obtained in the US courts against us and these other persons or entities, including judgments predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States. 

The United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments (other than arbitration awards) in civil and commercial matters.  Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in the United States for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general securities laws of the United States, would not be enforceable in India.  However, the party in whose favor such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States within three years of obtaining such final judgment.  If and to the extent that Indian courts were of the opinion that fairness and good faith so required, they would, under current practice, give binding effect to the final judgment which had been rendered in the United States, unless such a judgment contravened principles of public policy of India.  It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India.  Moreover, it is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages to the extent awarded in a final judgment rendered in the United States if it believed that the amount of damages awarded were excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice.  In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain prior approval of the RBI to execute such a judgment or to repatriate any amount recovered. 

## **_51. Our business could be adversely impacted by economic, political and social developments in India and in the regional markets where we operate._** 

Our performance and growth are dependent on the state of the Indian economy and the economies of the regional markets we currently serve.  These economies could be adversely affected by various factors, such as political and regulatory action, including adverse changes in liberalization policies, social disturbances, religious or communal tensions, terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war, natural calamities, 

XXXI 

interest rates, commodity and energy prices and various other factors.  Any slowdown in these economies could adversely impact our business and financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

## **_52. If financial instability occurs in certain countries, particularly emerging market countries in Asia and other countries, our business and the price of our Equity Shares may be adversely affected._** 

Indian markets and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market countries in Asia and certain other countries.  Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors' reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India.  A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general.  Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy.  Financial disruptions may occur again and may harm our business, our future financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

## _Notes to Risk Factors_ 

- Public Offer of 48,500,000 Equity Shares of the Company through an offer for sale by the Selling Shareholders for cash at a price of Rs. [•] per Equity Share (including a share premium of Rs. [•] per Equity Share) aggregating to Rs. [•]. The Offer also comprises a reservation of not less than 485,000 Equity Shares for subscription by Eligible Employees and the offer to the public of 48,015,000 Equity Shares The Net Offer will constitute 48,015,000 Equity Shares and [•]% of the fully diluted post offer paid-up capital of the Company. 

- The net asset value per Equity Share was Rs. 43.0 as at September 30, 2007 and Rs. 36.8 as at March 31, 2007, as per the restated consolidated financial statements of the Company prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP, and restated in accordance with SEBI Guidelines. 

- The net worth of the Company was Rs. 5,371.70 million as at September 30, 2007 and Rs. 4,603.40 million as at March 31, 2007, as per the restated consolidated financial statements of the Company prepared in accordance with Indian GAAP, and restated in accordance with SEBI Guidelines. For more information, see the section titled "Financial Statements" on page 120 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

- For information on related party transactions, see the section titled "Related Party Transactions" beginning on page 111 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

- For information on the interests of Directors and Key Managerial Personnel, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits, and to the extent of the Equity Shares held by them or their relatives and associates or held by the companies, firms and trusts in which they are interested as directors, member, partners or trustees and to the extent of the benefits arising out of such shareholding. See the section titled "Our Management" beginning on page 101 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

- Except as disclosed in "Capital Structure" on page 21, we have not issued any shares for consideration other than cash. 

- The Sponsors hold 100% of the paid-up Equity Share capital of the Company. 

- The Company has not made any loans and advances to any person(s)/ company in which the Directors are interested, except as disclosed in the section titled "Related Party Transactions" and "Financial Statements" beginning on pages 111 and 120 of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

- Under-subscription, if any, in the Non-Institutional Portion and Retail Individual Portion would be met with spillover from other categories at the sole discretion of the Company in consultation with the BRLMs. 

- UTI Asset Management Company Private Limited was incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 on November 14, 2002 and its registration number is 137867. 

- Investors may note that in the event of over-subscription of the Offer, allotment to Qualified Institutional Buyers, Non-Institutional Bidders and Retail Bidders shall be made on a proportionate basis. For more 

XXXII 

information, see "Offer Procedure – Basis of Allotment" on page 305 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

- Trading in Equity Shares of our Company for all investors shall be in dematerialized form only. 

- Any clarification or information relating to the issue shall be made available by the BRLMs and our Company to the investors at large and no selective or additional information would be available for a section of investors in any manner whatsoever. Investors may contact the BRLMs and the Syndicate Members for any complaints pertaining to the Offer. 

- Investors may contact the BRLMs and the Syndicate Members for any complaints pertaining to the Offer. 

- Investors are advised to see the section titled "Basis for Offer Price" beginning on page 28 of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

- Investors are advised to see "Risk Factors - [14] Our Sponsors and their affiliates may compete with us as they manage and sell participations in similar types of funds and target similar types of clients and offer services that are related to our business, which may create conflicts of interest". 

XXXIII 

