# **SECTION II – RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry in which we operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not currently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may also adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are not currently deemed material, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, the price of our Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Restated Financial Statements” beginning on pages 169, 147, 305, and 228, respectively, of this Red Herring Prospectus, as well as the other financial and statistical and other information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of our Company and our business and the terms of the Issue including the merits and risks involved._ 

_Prospective investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Issue. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are unable to quantify the financial or other impact of any of the risks described in this section. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 26 of this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information included herein is based on or derived from our Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Restated Financial Statements” beginning on page 228 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Unless the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “we”, “us”, “our”, “our Company”, or “the Company” refers to Valiant Laboratories Limited._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the report titled “Assessment of pharmaceutical API and speciality chemicals Industry in India” dated May 2023 (the_ **_“CRISIL Report”_** _) prepared and issued by CRISIL Market Intelligence & Analytics, a division of CRISIL Limited commissioned by us. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the_ _<u>CRISIL Report</u> and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year._ 

# **RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS** 

**_1. We are a single product manufacturing company and any changes to the paracetamol API industry or our product demand will adversely affect our revenues, financials and profitability._** 

We develop, manufacture and market API/ bulk drug product (i.e. paracetamol) which is primarily used as raw material by our customers for a variety of end user products. Our Company is dependent on production and sales from single product (i.e. paracetamol) for our operating income. Since we 

38 

are a single product manufacturing company i.e. paracetamol, increase in demand of alternative products to paracetamol such as ibuprofen and diclofenac sodium may result in a decrease in demand of our product which in turn will adversely affect our business, profitability and revenue from operations. In the event, there is any decline in demand or if our product becomes obsolete, or new substitute product is developed, the same would result in negative impact on our financial performance. Further, any change in the regulatory framework in which we operate, change in competitive landscape or non-availability of raw materials at competitive pricing could impact our operations and profitability. Furthermore, if our customers’ products cause, or are perceived to cause, severe side effects to the end-users, we may face a number of consequences, including, a severe decrease in the demand for and sales of our product; withdrawal or cancellation of regulatory approvals for production of paracetamol. To mitigate this risk, our Company is intending to diversify the product portfolio by entering into new industry of speciality chemicals through our wholly-owned subsidiary, VASPL. 

**_2. We operate out of a single Manufacturing Facility which is located at Palghar, Maharashtra and therefore, any localized social unrest, natural disaster or breakdown of services or any other natural disaster in and around Palghar, Maharashtra or any disruption in production at, or shutdown of, our manufacturing unit could have material adverse effect on our business and financial condition._** 

We currently operate from one Manufacturing Facility situated on leasehold basis at Tarapur Industrial Area, Palghar, in Maharashtra. Any significant social, political or economic disruption or natural calamities or civil disruptions in this region or changes in the policies of these states or local governments could require us to incur significant capital expenditure and change our business strategy. 

Our business is dependent upon our ability to manage our manufacturing, which are subject to various operating risks, including political instability, productivity of our workforce, compliance with regulatory requirements, difficulties with production costs and yields, product quality and those beyond our control, such as the breakdown and failure of equipment or industrial accidents, disruption in electrical power or water resources, severe weather conditions, natural disasters and an outbreak of pandemic such as COVID-19. Any significant malfunction or breakdown of our machinery may entail significant repair and maintenance costs and cause delays in our operations. Moreover, some of our products are permitted to be manufactured at only such facility which has received specific approvals, and any shutdown of such facility will result in us being unable to manufacture a product for the duration of such shutdown. Our inability to effectively respond to any shutdown or slowdown and rectify any disruption, in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, could lead to delays in the entire production cycle and an inability to comply with our customers’ requirements and lead to loss of revenue to us and our customers. 

Although we have not experienced any strikes or labor unrest in the past, we cannot assure you that we will not experience disruptions in work in the future due to disputes or other problems with our work force. Any labor unrest directed against us, could directly or indirectly prevent or hinder our normal operating activities, and, if not resolved in a timely manner, could lead to disruptions in our operations, which in turn could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

**_3. We are subject to strict quality requirements, regular inspections and audits by our customers and any failure to comply with quality standards may lead to cancellation of existing and future orders and could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects it may impact the reputation as well._** 

We develop, manufacture and market Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient (API), namely, Paracetamol. We operate in a regulated industry, both in relation to our operations as well as the operations of our customers. Our customers maintain strict qualification and/or certification procedures. Our products 

39 

go through various quality checks internally at various stages including random sampling checks. Many of our key customers have audited and approved our facilities and manufacturing processes in the past and may undertake similar audits periodically in the future. The success of such audits plays a critical role in customer retention, and any issues that arise in the course of these audit may lead to loss of the particular customer and also impact relationship with existing customers. 

Further, if we are unable to comply with the requirements of our customers, we may face loss of business from such customers. While we have not had any such instance during the last three fiscals, we cannot assure you that our Company will not incur such significant expenditure in the upgrade of our facilities or rectification of any shortcomings in our facilities or processes, which may adversely impact our results and operations. 

We also face the risk of loss resulting from, and the adverse publicity associated with, manufacturing or quality control problems. Further, our customers to whom we supply our product are also required to comply with the regulations and standards of the regulatory authorities, as may be applicable. Failure to comply with such regulatory requirements could adversely affect the demand for our products. Further, while we have not faced such challenges in the past, we may be subject to claims for damages or returns of products in the event of any shortfall in quality of our products. 

The management systems of our Manufacturing Facility have been certified by the TÜV NORD CERT GmbH to be compliant with ISO 9001:2015 which has been granted after audit of our quality management system (QMS) including production, processes, inventory management, environment health and safety, quality control, internal systems, worker welfare, etc. While we have put in place quality control procedures, we cannot assure that our products will always be able to satisfy our prescribed quality standards. Our quality control procedures may fail to identify all deviations in the specification of our manufactured products. While we have not faced such challenges in past, we may not be able to comply with the quality standards prescribed by relevant regulatory authorities which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

**_4. We have a limited number of suppliers for our raw materials who are highly concentrated in the western region of India. Dependence on few suppliers for raw materials may require us to procure them from other suppliers at higher cost and cause operational interruptions and affect our delivery capacity leading to loss of production and under-utilization of capacity._** 

Our purchases of raw materials are concentrated from the top 10 suppliers, top 3 domestic suppliers and top 3 foreign suppliers _vis-à-vis_ the total purchases of raw materials for the Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, respectively. 

|**Particular**|**2023**||**Fiscal**<br>**2022**|**s**|**2021**||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Amount (₹**<br>**in millions)**|**%**|**Amount (₹**<br>**in millions)**|**%**|**Amount (₹ in**<br>**millions)**|**%**|
|Top 10 Suppliers|2,732.48|99.62|2,294.52|93.97|1,189.70|96.76|
|Top<br>3<br>Domestic<br>Suppliers|2,341.03|85.35|1,452.89|59.50|229.52|18.67|
|Top<br>3<br>Foreign<br>Suppliers|325.51|11.87|761.13|31.17|920.45|74.86|



Set forth below is certain information on our concentration of our suppliers from total purchase for the period indicated: 

40 

|**Zone**|**2023**||**Fiscal**<br>**2022**|**s**|**2021**||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**Amount (₹**<br>**in millions)**|**%**|**Amount (₹**<br>**in millions)**|**%**|**Amount (₹ in**<br>**millions)**|**%**|
|West India|2,370.62|86.42|1,675.39|68.61|305.29|24.83|
|North, South & East<br>India|46.87|1.71|5.24|0.21|3.80|0.31|
|**Total Domestic**|**2,417.49**|**88.13**|**1,680.63**|**68.83**|**309.09**|**25.14**|
|China|**-**|**-**|389.11|15.94|920.45|74.86|
|Cambodia|325.51|11.87|372.02|15.24|**-**|**-**|
|**Total Foreign**|**325.51**|**11.87**|**761.13**|**31.17**|**920.45**|**74.86**|



Further, we are related to some of our suppliers as disclosed in the “ _Note 40 – Related Party Transactions"_ in the chapter titled _“Restated Financial Statements”_ on page 254 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Our ability to remain competitive, maintain costs and profitability depend, in part, on our ability to source and maintain a stable and sufficient supply of raw materials at acceptable prices. Our major raw materials includes para amino phenol and acetic anhydride. For further information, see _“Our Business – Procurement of Raw Materials”_ on page 176 of this Red Herring Prospectus. We depend on external suppliers for all the raw materials required and typically purchase raw materials on a purchase order basis and place such orders with them in advance based on our projected requirements. As a result, the success of our business is significantly dependent on maintaining good relationships with our raw material suppliers. The absence of long-term supply contracts subjects us to risks such as price volatility caused by various factors viz. market fluctuations, currency fluctuations, climatic and environmental conditions, transportation cost, changes in domestic as well as international government policies, regulatory changes and trade sanctions. Some part of our raw materials and consumables are also imported. Cambodia and China constitute the countries from which the raw materials were imported during the last three financial years. For Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, our purchase of imported raw materials amounts to ₹ 325.51 million, ₹761.13 million and ₹920.45 million, representing 11.71%, 31.17% and 74.86%, respectively, of our total raw material purchase. As a result, we continue to remain susceptible to the risks arising out of foreign exchange rate fluctuations as well as import duties, which could result in a decline in our operating margins. If we cannot fully offset the increase in raw material prices with increase in the prices for our products, we will experience lower profit margins, which in turn may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and ultimately lead to a liquidity crunch. In the absence of such contracts, we are also exposed to the risk of unavailability of raw materials in desired quantities and qualities, in a timely manner. 

The Company has been reducing the dependence of importing the said raw material from China as compared to the total purchases of raw materials from 74.86% in Fiscal 2021 to 31.17% in Fiscal 2022 and 11.87% in Fiscal 2023 by purchasing the same through its promoter group company, Valiant Organics Limited. 

Although we have not faced significant disruptions in the procurement of raw materials in the past, COVID-19 pandemic temporarily affected our ability to source raw materials from certain vendors who were unable to transport raw materials to us. There can thus be no assurance that in future we will be able to procure the required quantities and quality of raw materials commensurate with our requirements. For instance, we have in the past experienced high raw material costs which we were not able to pass on to our customers resulting in reduction our gross margins. In the Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022, Fiscal 2021, the cost of raw materials and components consumed amounts to ₹ 2,772.77 million, ₹ 2,364.30 million, and ₹ 1,208.73 million representing 83.04%, 81.10% and 66.28% respectively, of our revenue from operations. There can also be no assurance that a particular supplier will continue to supply us with raw materials in the future. Any delay in supplying finished products to customers in accordance with the terms and conditions of the purchase orders, such as delivery within a specified time, as a result of delayed raw material supply, could result in the customer 

41 

refusing to accept our products, which may have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. Further, we cannot assure you that we will be able to enter into fresh agreements with suppliers on terms that are acceptable to us, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our ability to source raw materials in a commercially viable and timely manner as well as the commitments to our customers, which may impact our business and profitability. 

Further, as we generally receive purchase orders for supply of our products to customers, we rely on historical trends and other indicators to purchase the required quantities of raw materials. We, therefore, run the risk of purchasing more raw materials than necessary, which could expose us to risks associated with prolonged storage of some of these materials, and materially affect our results of operations. Conversely, if our customers place orders for greater quantities of products compared to their historical requirements, we may not be able to adequately source the necessary raw materials in a timely manner and may not have the required manufacturing capacity to meet such demand. In addition, if all or a significant number of our suppliers for any particular raw material are unable or unwilling to meet our requirements or if our estimates fall short of the demand, we could suffer shortages or significant cost increases. Continued supply disruptions could exert pressure on our costs, and we cannot assure you that all or part of any increased costs can be passed along to our customers in a timely manner or at all, which could negatively affect our business, overall profitability and financial performance. 

**_5. Majority of the Net Proceeds are intended to be invested in our subsidiary, Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited which is yet to commence its commercial operation. Further, the objects of the Issue include funding working capital requirements of VASPL which are based on certain assumptions and management estimates._** 

To aid our growth efforts and to enter into speciality chemical industry, we propose to set up a new facility in Saykha Industrial Area, Bharuch, Gujarat for manufacturing ketene and diketene derivatives products which also includes acetic anhydride that is used as a raw material in the process of manufacture of paracetamol. This Proposed Facility shall be set up through our wholly owned subsidiary, Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited which has been incorporated on July 08, 2022 and is yet to commence its commercial operations.  For this purpose, VASPL has taken on lease a parcel of land admeasuring 57,766.34 sq. mtrs. situated at Plot Nos. 540 & 541, Saykha Industrial area, Taluka Vagra, District Bharuch – 392140, Gujarat on leasehold basis from GIDC for a term of 99 years from 19<sup>th</sup> February 2019. 

We do not have any prior experience in the speciality chemical industry in which we propose to enter. Undertaking business activities in the said industry poses operational challenges which includes dealing with hazardous materials, complex manufacturing process, availability of skilled manpower. This industry is also highly competitive in nature. 

The objects of the Issue include funding working capital requirements of VASPL, which are based on management estimates and certain assumptions in relation to inter alia sales of our products in the future, the cost and holding periods of inventories of raw materials and finished goods as well as capacity utilization. For details, please see “Objects of the Issue” on page 118 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Our working capital requirements may be subject to change due to factors beyond our control including force majeure conditions, an increase in defaults by our customers, availability of funding from banks or financial institutions. Accordingly, such working capital requirements may not be indicative of the actual requirements of VASPL in the future and investors are advised to not place undue reliance on such estimates of future working capital requirements. 

Without an established customer and distributor network or end customer base in speciality chemical products, we may face uncertainty regarding the demand for our speciality chemical products. It may take considerable time and resources to build relationships and gain market acceptance, potentially delaying the realization of sales volume. The absence of established operations increases the likelihood of strategic missteps, and overall failure to establish a strong foothold in this new industry. 

42 

The lack of partnerships may result in higher manufacturing and distribution costs. Overcoming logistical challenges and setting up efficient supply chains can be costly and time-consuming, potentially impeding our ability to achieve anticipated sales and profit levels. Our products may not gain market acceptance or meet the specific requirements of customers. Adapting our offerings to local preferences, regulatory standards, and customer needs can be complex and may require additional investments and resources. Establishing our operations, reputation, and image in the market can be a daunting task. The absence of brand recognition and market familiarity may lead to skepticism and reluctance among potential customers, thereby hindering sales growth and market penetration. This could lead to lower product pricing as we struggle to establish ourselves and higher expenditure on reputation building, impacting our profitability. If we fail to successfully navigate these challenges and establish a strong presence in the new industry, our sales, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be significantly and adversely affected. 

In addition to the challenges mentioned earlier, another risk that we face is the potential response from our competitors if we are able to successfully establish a strong presence. As competitors observe our growth, business model, and strong presence, they may consider replicating our success by setting up their own manufacturing units in the same industry / region. This poses a threat to our market share and competitive advantage. 

**_6. If there are delays in setting up the Proposed Facility or if we fail to achieve funding through Net Proceeds and internal accruals of the Proposed Facility or if the costs of setting up and the possible time or cost overruns related to the Proposed Facility or the purchase of plant and machinery for the Proposed Facility are higher than expected, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects._** 

We are in the process of setting up a greenfield project in speciality chemicals industry which will be housed in our wholly owned Subsidiary Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited for manufacturing of ketene and diketene derivatives products which also includes acetic anhydride that is used as a raw material in the process of manufacture of paracetamol. 

The Proposed Facility is expected to commence commercial operations by the last quarter of Fiscal 2023-24. The completion of the setting up of the Proposed Facility is dependent on our ability to arrange finance through Net Proceeds, Bank loan and internal accruals or otherwise, the performance of external agencies which are responsible for inter alia construction of buildings, installation and commissioning of plant and machinery and supply and testing of equipment. Out of the total estimated project cost of ₹2656.50 million for the Proposed Facility, a sum of ₹ 800.00 million and ₹ 400.00 million is proposed to be funded from Net Proceeds and internal accruals, respectively. In the event we are unable to achieve funding through the aforesaid means, we cannot assure you that the Proposed Facility will be completed within the anticipated time schedule, or at all. We cannot assure you that we will be able to arrange for such finance on time, or at all. Further, we cannot assure you that the performance of external agencies will meet the required specifications or performance parameters. We may not be able to identify suitable replacement external agencies in a timely manner. If the performance of these agencies is inadequate in terms of the requirements, this may result in incremental cost and time overruns. 

Certain plant, machinery and equipment purchased are to be shipped to the Proposed Facility from other regions. Any delay in the transportation of such assets or damage to the assets acquired due to inter alia defaults by transportation agencies, may further result in cost and time overruns in the commissioning of the Proposed Facility. 

The estimated costs for setting up the Proposed Facility are based on the certificate dated August 28, 2023, given by M/s. Orbit Consultants & Valuers, Independent Chartered Engineers, management’s estimates and current conditions and are subject to change, owing to prospective changes in external circumstances, costs and other financial conditions. There could be delays in setting up the Proposed Facility as a result of, amongst other things, requirement of obtaining approvals from statutory or 

43 

regulatory authorities, contractors’ or external agencies’ failure to perform, exchange rate fluctuations, unforeseen engineering problems, failure to hire skilled manpower, disputes with workers, increase in input costs of construction materials and labour costs, incremental preoperative expenses, taxes and duties, interest and finance charges, cost escalation and/ or force majeure events (including the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, geopolitical tensions, etc.), any of which could give rise to cost overruns and delays in our implementation schedules. 

If the actual capital expenditures on setting up the Proposed Facility significantly exceed our budgets, we may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits of the Proposed Facility, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete the aforementioned installation or commissioning of our plants and additions in accordance with the proposed schedule of implementation and any delay could have an adverse impact on our growth, prospects, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_7. The majority of our operative income is derived from the domestic market and any adverse developments in this market could adversely affect our business._** 

Set forth below is the bifurcation of our revenue from operations for the periods indicated: 

|**Particular**|||**Fiscals**||||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||**2023**||**2022**||**2021**||
||**Amount (₹ in**<br>**millions)**|**%**|**Amount (₹**<br>**in millions)**|**%**|**Amount (₹ in**<br>**millions)**|**%**|
|**Domestic**|3,326.07|99.61|2,901.47|99.40|1,817.62|99.67|
|**Exports**|13.04|0.39|13.77|0.47|6.07|0.33|
|**Total**|**3,339.10**|**100.00**|**2,915.23**|**100.00**|**1,823.69**|**100.00**|



We have historically derived majority of our revenues from sales in the domestic market. In Financial Year 2022-23, the revenue generated from sales in domestic market represented 99.61% of our revenue from domestic sales. Accordingly, any materially adverse social, political or economic development, natural calamities, civil disruptions, regulatory developments or changes in the policies of the central, state or local government in India could adversely affect our manufacturing and distribution activities, result in modification of our business strategy or require us to incur significant capital expenditure, which will in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, our sales from this region may decline as a result of increased competition, regulatory action, pricing pressures, fluctuations in the demand for or supply of our products or services, or the outbreak of an infectious disease such as COVID-19. Our failure to effectively react to these situations or to successfully introduce new products or services in these markets could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The occurrence of, or our inability to effectively respond to, any such events or effectively manage the competition in the region, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future business prospects. 

**_8. We are dependent on a few customers for a major part of our revenues. Further we do not enter into long-term arrangements with our customers and any failure to continue our existing arrangements could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our sales are concentrated to a few customers for a major part of our revenues. The table sets out sales from our top 5 customers and top 10 customers, including as a percentage of our revenue from operations, for the years mentioned: 

44 

|**Product**<br>|**Fiscal 202**<br>|**3**<br>|**Fiscal 20**<br>|**22**<br>|**Fiscal 20**<br>|**21**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Category**|**Amount (₹ in**<br>**million)**|**(%)**|**Amount (₹ in**<br>**million)**|**(%)**|**Amount (₹ in**<br>**million)**|**(%)**|
|Top5 customers|989.55|29.64|682.26|23.40|593.40|32.54|
|Top10 customers|1,422.74|42.61|1,074.96|36.87|875.56|48.01|



However, there is no direct/ indirect relationship between such entities and our Company, our Promoters, Directors and Promoter Group members. We presently do not have any long-term or exclusive arrangements with any of our customers and we cannot assure you that we will be able to sell the quantities we have historically supplied to such customers. In the event our competitors’ products offer better margins to such customers or otherwise incentivize them, there can be no assurance that our customers will continue to place orders with us. Most of our transactions with our customers are typically on a purchase order basis without any commitment for a fixed volume of business. There can also be no assurance that our customers will place their orders with us on current or similar terms, or at all. Further, our customers could change their business practices or seek to modify the terms that we have customarily followed with them, including in relation to their payment terms. While we negotiate product prices and payment terms with our customers, in the event our customers alter their requirements, it could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, our customers may also cancel purchase orders at short notice or without notice, which could have an impact on our inventory management. In the event of frequent cancellations of purchase orders, the same could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Although our Company maintains long-term relationship with our major customers, there can be no assurance that we will continue to maintain such relationship with our customers in the future. Further, in the event our customers experience any delays in placing orders with us, or if they prefer to buy the products of our competitors, it could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our inability to maintain our existing customer network could have a negative impact on our sales, business growth prospects, result in slowdown of operation, financial conditions and cash flows. Further, the performance of our customers, their sales network and their ability to expand their businesses are crucial to the future growth of our business and directly affect our sales volume and profitability. If our relationships with our customers are affected, our profitability could be significantly affected. 

**_9. We do not own any registered trade names or trademarks and we may therefore not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property. Furthermore, we may be subject to claims alleging breach of third party intellectual property rights. Any litigation related to our intellectual property could be time consuming and costly._** 

We do not own any registered copyright, trademark, trade name or other intellectual property right in or to the names or logos trade names or trademarks with the Trademark Registry. We sell our products 



under the label “ ”. We have not applied for registration of the aforesaid trademark in India and may apply for further registrations in the future. We, therefore, do not enjoy the statutory protections accorded to a registered trademark. The registration of intellectual property including trademarks is a time-consuming process and there can be no assurance that any registration application we may pursue will be successful and that such registration will be granted to us. If we fail to register the appropriate intellectual property or our efforts to protect relevant intellectual property prove to be inadequate, the value attached to our brand could deteriorate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business growth and prospects, reputation and goodwill. Furthermore, it is possible that we are not aware of misuse of our trademarks, and this could potentially cause loss of our reputation, which could impact our business and may even affect our goodwill. The use of a deceptively similar 

45 

or identical third-party mark may result in a loss/injury to us. Such an action may also become a lengthy and costly exercise for us and may not always be in our favor. 

We cannot assure you that our efforts to protect our intellectual property will be adequate, which may lead to erosion of our business value and which could adversely affect our operations. We may need to litigate in order to determine the validity of such claims and the scope of the proprietary rights of others. Any such litigation could be time consuming and costly and the outcome cannot be guaranteed. We may not be able to detect any unauthorized use or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce or protect the intellectual property. 

**_10. We are in the process of expanding our operations and establishing a network of customers in a line of business where we do not have a significant presence or prior experience. Any failure to expand into these new products could adversely affect our sales, financial condition, result of operations and cash flows._** 

In order to cater to the growing market demand for speciality chemical products (ketene and diketene derivatives) and expand our presence in new regions, we are in the process of setting up Proposed Facility at Saykha, Gujarat through our wholly owned subsidiary, Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited. We may not possess the same level of familiarity with the economic condition, customer network, end customer base and commercial operations in the new products we propose to enter into and therefore, we will be initially exposed to a degree of risk in realization and volume of sales. There can be no assurance that our Proposed Facility plans in these new products will be successful, as our competitors may have a more established reputation, more experience in trends and deeper relationships with customers in these regions. Further, having limited or no presence in such new product category as compared to some of our competitors, may lead to lower product pricing due to lack of presence and higher expenditure on reputation building. As a result, it may be more expensive for us to manufacture or distribute ketene and diketene derivative products in these new regions and it may take longer to reach the expected sales and profit levels than anticipated, which could affect the viability of these operations or our overall profitability. There can be no assurance that our products will gain market acceptance or meet the particular requirements of customers in these new markets and regions. If we do not successfully establish our operations, reputation and image in these new markets and regions, our sales, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

**_11. We are subject to government regulations and if we fail to obtain, maintain or renew our statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals required to operate our business, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected._** 

The operations of our Company and VASPL are subject to extensive government regulations governing the market in which we operate. Our Company and VASPL are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules in India, generally for carrying out our business and for each of our Manufacturing Facilities and the Proposed Facility. For details of applicable regulations and approvals relating to our business and operations, see “Key Regulations and Policies” and “Government and Other Approvals” on page 183 and 335, respectively. The critical approvals for setting up the Proposed Facility including approval for the building plan from GIDC and EC Approval (Environmental Clearance) from State Level Environment Impact Assessment Authority which have been obtained as on date. Additionally, the Proposed Facility will require us to obtain other approvals, which are routine in nature. For further details, see “ _Objects of the Issue – Funding capital expenditure requirements for Proposed Facility – Government approvals_ ” on page 125. A majority of these approvals require renewal. 

We are also required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals for carrying out our business which are granted for a limited duration and require renewal. While we have applied for some of these approvals, we cannot assure you that such approvals will be issued or granted to us in a timely manner, or at all. If we do not receive such approvals or are 

46 

not able to renew the approvals in a timely manner, our business and operations may be materially adversely affected. 

The approvals required by our Company are subject to numerous conditions and we cannot assure you that these would not be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged noncompliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business. 

**_12. The pharmaceutical industry is intensely competitive and our inability to compete effectively may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and cash flows._** 

The pharmaceutical industry is a highly competitive market with several major pharmaceutical companies present, and therefore it is challenging to improve market share and profitability. In addition, the major pharmaceutical companies may set up pure play API businesses similar to ours, which may impact our market share and profit margins on our products. Although the pharmaceutical industry provides for significant entry barriers, competition in our business is based on pricing, relationships with customers, research and development, product registration, product quality, customisation, and innovation. We may have to compete with new players in India and overseas who enter the market and are able to offer our products at competitive rates. Many of our competitors may have access to greater financial, manufacturing, R&D, marketing and other resources, more experience in obtaining regulatory approvals, greater geographic reach, broader product ranges or a stronger sales force. Increasing competition may result in pricing pressures and decreasing profit margins or loss of market share or failure to improve our market position, any of which could substantially harm our business and results of operations. For instance, we face pricing pressures from companies, principally in China, that are able to produce chemicals at competitive costs and consequently, may supply their products at cheaper prices. We cannot assure you that we shall be able to compete with our existing as well as future competitors as well as the price and services offered by them. Moreover, Indian bulk drugs companies are faced with poor infrastructure and lack of adequate facilities at ports and railway terminals as well as poor pipeline connectivity, which imposes difficulties in raw material procurement and at a cost competitive price with global peers. We are unable to assure you that we shall be able to meet the pricing pressures imposed by such overseas players which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our competitors may succeed in developing products that are more effective, popular or cheaper than ours, which may render our products uncompetitive and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_13. We are subject to certain risks consequent to our operations involving the manufacture, usage and storage of various hazardous substances._** 

Our manufacturing processes involve storage and transportation of various hazardous substances such as acetic anhydride amongst others. We are subject to operating risks associated with handling of such hazardous materials such as possibility for leakages and ruptures from containers, explosions, and the discharge or release of toxic or hazardous substances, which in turn may cause personal injury, property damage and environmental contamination. For example, due to an accident at our Manufacturing Facility in Fiscal 2021, the operations at our facility were shut for a period of about fifteen days which resulted in an estimated loss in revenue of ₹ 119.01 million and loss of ₹ 7.22 million towards plant & machinery. While we have not had any other instance during the last three fiscals where our Company was affected, we cannot assure you that we will not experience operating risks associated with handling of such hazardous materials in the future. In the event of occurrence of any such accidents, our business operations may be interrupted. Any of these occurrences may result in the shutdown of our Manufacturing Facility and expose us to civil and / or criminal liability which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, certain environmental laws impose strict liability for accidents and damages resulting 

47 

from hazardous substances and any failure to comply with such laws may lead to closure, penalties, fines and imprisonment. 

**_14. Pricing pressure from customers may affect our gross margin, profitability and ability to increase our prices, which in turn may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Being in a competitive market, we face pricing pressures from our customers. Accordingly, API manufacturers like us must be able to reduce our operating costs in order to maintain profitability. Such price reductions may affect our sales and profit margins. If we are unable to offset customer price reductions in the future through improved operating efficiencies, new manufacturing processes, sourcing alternatives or other cost reduction initiatives, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. Our customers also negotiate for larger discounts in price as the volume of their orders increase. To maintain our profit margins, we seek price reductions from our suppliers, improved production processes to increase manufacturing efficiency to reduce costs. There can be no assurance that we will be able to avoid future customer price reductions or offset the impact of any such price reductions through continued technology improvements, improved operational efficiencies, cost-effective sourcing alternatives, new manufacturing processes, cost reductions or other productivity initiatives, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_15. Reforms in the healthcare industry and the uncertainty associated with pharmaceutical pricing and reimbursement could adversely affect the pricing and demand for our products._** 

Our success will depend, in part, on the extent to which government and health administration authorities, private health insurers and other third-party purchasers will pay for drugs that contain our products. Increasing expenditures for healthcare have been the subject of considerable public attention in almost every jurisdiction where we conduct business. In countries where we currently operate, including India, pharmaceutical prices are subject to regulation. Any restriction on the ability of our customers to freely set prices for their drugs that contain our products, may in turn adversely affect our ability to freely price our products and consequently reduce our profits. 

**_16. Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds are not appraised by any independent agency and are based on management estimates and may be subject to change based on various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Any changes in the estimated funding requirements could affect our business and results of operations._** 

We intend to utilize the Net Proceeds of the Issue as set forth in “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” beginning on page 118. As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our funding requirements are based on management estimates in view of past expenditures and our current business plans and has not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. While we will use the Net Proceeds towards (i) Investment in VASPL for part-financing its capital expenditure requirements in relation to the setting up of the Proposed Facility; (ii) Investment in VASPL for funding its working capital requirements of VASPL and (iii) general corporate purposes in the manner specified in “Objects of the Issue” beginning on page 118, the deployment of the Net Proceeds will be at the discretion of our Board. However, the deployment of the Net Proceeds will be monitored by the Monitoring Agency which will be appointed pursuant to SEBI ICDR Regulations. We may have to reconsider our management estimates and/or business plans due to changes in underlying factors, some of which are beyond our control, such as the continuing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, interest or exchange rate fluctuations, changes in designs, changes in technology, increase in input costs, labour costs, logistics and transport costs, incremental preoperative expenses, taxes and duties, start-up costs, engineering procurement and construction costs, regulatory costs, environmental factors, other external factors and since we have not presently entered into any definitive agreements for the use of the Net Proceeds. Accordingly, prospective investors in the Issue will need to rely upon our management’s 

48 

judgment with respect to the use of the Net Proceeds. If we are unable to deploy the Net Proceeds in a timely or efficient manner, it may affect our business and results of operations _._ 

**_17. We are exposed to counterparty credit risk and any delay in receiving payments or non-receipt of payments may adversely impact our results of operations._** 

Due to the nature of, and the inherent risks in the arrangements with our customers, we are subject to counterparty credit risk and a significant delay in receiving large payments or non-receipt of large payments may adversely impact our results of operations. Our operations involve extending credit to our customers in respect of sale of our API products and consequently, we face the risk of the uncertainty regarding the receipt of these outstanding amounts. For the Fiscals 2023, Fiscals 2022, Fiscals 2021 trade receivables amounts to ₹ 885.68 million, ₹ 1,107.69 million, ₹ 425.12 million representing 26.52%, 38.00% and 23.31% respectively, of our revenue from operations. We typically have credit terms of 30 to 90 days with our customers. There is no assurance that we will accurately assess the creditworthiness of our customers. Further, macroeconomic conditions which are beyond our control, such as a potential credit crisis in the global financial system, could also result in financial difficulties for our customers, including limited access to the credit markets, insolvency or bankruptcy. Such conditions could cause our customers to delay payment, request modifications of their payment terms, or default on their payment obligations to us, all of which could increase our receivables. Timely collection of dues from customers also depends on our ability to complete our contractual commitments and subsequently bill for and collect from our clients. During the Fiscals 2023, Fiscals 2022 and Fiscal 2021, our bad debts were ₹ Nil, ₹ Nil and ₹ Nil respectively. An increase in bad debts or in defaults by our customers may compel us to utilize greater amounts of our operating working capital and result in increased financing costs, thereby adversely affecting our results of operations and cash flows. For details on our trade receivables, see “Summary of Restated Financial Information – Restated Summary of Assets and Liabilities” on page no. 82 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_18. Our manufacturing unit and office premises are located on leasehold / leave and license basis. If these leasehold /license agreements are terminated or not renewed on terms acceptable to us, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We are holding our manufacturing units and registered office premises on leasehold/ leave and license basis. Our manufacturing unit is located at Plot nos. L-13 and L-30, Tarapur Industrial Area, Boisar, Palghar, Maharashtra which have been taken on long term lease basis for 95 years by us from MIDC. Our Registered Office located at 104, Udyog Kshetra, Mulund Goregaon Link Road, Mulund West, Mumbai- 400080, Maharashtra has been taken on leave and license basis for 5 years by us. Further, the premises underlying the Proposed Facility are currently licensed to VASPL by GIDC for a period of 99 years. 

Our licenses/ leases may expire in the ordinary course. We cannot assure you that we shall continue to be able to operate out of our existing premises or renew our existing licenses / leases at favourable terms or at all. Any such event may adversely impact our operations and cash flows and may divert management attention from our business operations. In case of any deficiency in the title of the licensors/ owners from whose premises we operate, breach of the contractual terms of any lease, or if any of the owners of these premises do not renew the agreements under which we occupy the premises, or if they seek to renew such agreements on terms and conditions unfavourable to us, or if they terminate our agreements, we may suffer a disruption in our operations and shall have to look for alternate premises. 

Given that our business operations are conducted on premises leased, any encumbrance or adverse impact, or deficiency in, the title, ownership rights or development rights of the owners from whose premises we operate, breach of the contractual terms of any lease or leave and license agreements, or any inability to renew such agreements on acceptable terms or at all may adversely affect our 

49 

business operations. In the event of relocation, we may be required to obtain fresh regulatory licenses and approvals. Until we receive these, we may suffer disruptions in our operations and our business which may adversely affect our financial condition. 

**_19. We have not yet placed orders in relation to the capital expenditure to be incurred for the proposed facility which is proposed to be financed from the Issue proceeds. In the event of any delay in placing the orders, or in the event the vendors are not able to provide the equipment in a timely manner, or at all, may result in time and cost over-runs and our business, prospects and results of operations may be adversely affected. Setting up of the Proposed Facility are subject to the risk of unanticipated delays in implementation due to factors including delays in construction, obtaining regulatory approvals in timely manner and cost overruns._** 

We are in the process of setting up the Proposed Facility, which will be housed in Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited, our wholly owned Subsidiary and will be utilised for the manufacturing of speciality chemicals. We intend to use a part of the Net Proceeds to set-up a unit at Saykha Industrial Area, Bharuch, Gujarat (“Proposed Facility”) to manufacture ketene and diketene derivatives products which also includes acetic anhydride that is used as a raw material in the process of manufacture of paracetamol. 

Further, if we are unable to procure the requisite equipment from the vendors from whom we have procured quotations/ placed orders or in the event the vendors are not able to provide equipment in a timely manner, we cannot assure you that we may be able to identify alternative vendors to provide us with the raw materials which satisfy our requirements at acceptable prices. Further, the actual amount and timing of our future capital requirements may differ from our estimates as a result of, among other things, unforeseen delays or cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, engineering design changes and technological changes. Our inability to procure the machinery and equipment at acceptable prices or in a timely manner, may result in an increase in capital expenditure, the proposed schedule implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds may be extended or may vary accordingly, thereby resulting in an adverse effect on our business, prospects and results of operations. 

Total estimated cost as per certificate dated May 10, 2023 issued by the Chartered Engineer in respect of the Proposed Facility is ₹ 2,656.50 million. We are yet to place orders for the capital expenditure for the Proposed Facility. There can be no assurance that we will be able to place orders for such plant and machinery, in a timely manner or at all. We have not entered into any definitive agreements to utilize the Net Proceeds for this object of the Issue and have relied on the quotations received from third parties for estimation of the cost. While we have obtained the quotations from various vendors in relation to such capital expenditure, most of these quotations are valid for a certain period of time and may be subject to revisions, and other commercial and technical factors. Additionally, in the event of any delay in placement of such orders, the proposed schedule implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds may be extended or may vary accordingly. We cannot assure you that we will be able to undertake such capital expenditure within the cost indicated by such quotations or that there will not be cost escalations. 

Our Proposed Facility is subject to obtaining regulatory and statutory approvals a in timely manner (including environmental clearance, license under Drugs and Cosmetics Act, consent to operate, etc.), potential problems and uncertainties that construction projects face including cost overruns or delays. Problems that could adversely affect our Proposed Facility plans include labour shortages, increased costs of equipment or manpower, inadequate performance of the equipment and machinery installed in our Manufacturing Facilities, delays in completion, defects in design or construction, the possibility of unanticipated future regulatory restrictions, delays in receiving governmental, statutory, environmental and other regulatory approvals, incremental pre-operating expenses, taxes and duties, interest and finance charges, working capital margin, environment and ecology costs and other external factors which may not be within the control of our management. Further, there can be no assurance that our budgeted costs may be sufficient to meet our proposed capital expenditure 

50 

requirements. If our actual capital expenditures significantly exceed our budgets, or even if our budgets were sufficient to cover these projects, we may not be able to achieve the intended economic benefits of these projects, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete the aforementioned Proposed Facility and additions in accordance with the proposed schedule of implementation and any delay could have an adverse impact on our growth, prospects, cash flows and financial condition. The Proposed Facility will require us to obtain various approvals, which are routine in nature including approvals such as environmental approvals and factory license. For further details, see “Objects of the Issue – Funding capital expenditure requirements for Proposed Facility – Government approvals” on page 111. In addition to such pending approvals, we will also need to apply for certain additional approvals required for the Proposed Facility. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain these registrations and approvals including approvals in relations to power and water procurement in a timely manner or at all. Further, in the event of any unanticipated delay in receipt of such approvals, the proposed schedule implementation and deployment of the Net Proceeds may be extended or may vary accordingly. For details, see “Objects of the Issue” on page 102. 

**_20. R&D activities play an important role for our business and if we do not successfully improve our existing products or continue our product portfolio expansion in a timely and cost-effective manner, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

We are dependent on our R&D activities at our R&D facilities for our future success. In the Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, our R&D expenses were ₹ 1.68 million, ₹ 2.92 million and ₹ 3.61 million, respectively, which represented 0.05%, 0.10% and 0.20% of our revenue from operations, respectively. In addition, Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, our capital expenditure on R&D was ₹ 0.06 million, ₹ 0.92 million and Nil, respectively. Our future results of operations depend, to a significant degree, on our ability to successfully improve our existing product in a timely and costeffective manner. Further, as part of our business strategies, we intend to further diversify our product portfolio ketene and diketene derivative products through our wholly owned subsidiary Valiant Advanced Sciences Private Limited. 

The development and commercialization of new products (whether ours or our customers’ products) are complex, time-consuming, costly and involves a high degree of business risk. We may be unable to successfully create these new products or encounter unexpected delays in the launch of these products and even if launched as planned, such products may not perform as we expected. Further, development of new products involves multiple stages of trial and testing and there can be no assurance that we will be able to take any innovations developed by us pursuant to R&D efforts through the different testing stages without repeating our R&D efforts or incurring additional amounts towards such research, trial or testing. There is a significant possibility, that some of our product development decisions, including, significant research and development costs, or investments in technologies, will not meet our expectations and our investment in some projects will be unprofitable. 

Our industry is characterised by rapid technical and scientific changes and discoveries. Accordingly, our R&D efforts are required to keep pace with a rapidly changing technical landscape which may impact our processes or the utility and viability of the products used by us. Any changes due to technological advances and scientific discoveries may cause us to incur significant R&D expenses to re-engineer our existing products or processes or to create newer products and processes. 

The success of our new product offerings will depend on several factors, including our ability to properly anticipate customer needs, obtain timely regulatory approvals or intellectual property rights, establish collaborations with suppliers and customers, develop and manufacture our products in a timely and cost-effective manner through our R&D efforts and successfully market and sell our products. In addition, the development and commercialization of new products is characterized by 

51 

significant upfront costs, including costs associated with R&D, product development activities, obtaining regulatory approvals, building inventory and sales and marketing. Further, there can be no assurance that new products or enhancements to existing products developed by us will achieve market acceptance. 

Additionally, some of our competitors may have greater financial, research and technological resources. They may also be in a better position to identify market trends, adapt to changes in industry and offer innovative new products. Our competitors may also commercialize similar products before us. The occurrence of any such event could affect the success of our R&D activities, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our business, growth, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Accordingly, if we do not successfully develop new products or continue our product portfolio in a timely, cost-effective manner that is attractive to our customers, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

**_21. Our inability to accurately forecast demand or price for our products and manage our inventory may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our business depends on our estimate of the demand for our products from customers. We estimate demand for our products based on past sales and advance purchase order. If we overestimate demand, we may purchase more raw materials and manufacture more products than required. If we underestimate demand, we may manufacture fewer quantities of products than required, which could result in delayed or non-fulfilment of purchase orders resulting in loss of customers, goodwill and business. In addition, if our products do not achieve widespread acceptance or our customers, change their procurement preferences, we may be required to incur significant inventory markdowns or may not be able to sell our products, which would affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. As such, our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_22. Under-utilization of our production capacities could have an adverse effect on our business, future prospects and future financial performance._** 

As of March 31, 2023, we are operating from one unit at Tarapur Industrial area, Palghar, Maharashtra with an aggregate estimated installed production capacity of 9,000 MTPA for paracetamol. The level of our capacity utilization can impact our operating results. Capacity utilization is also affected by demand and supply balance. 

For Fiscals 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, our total installed production capacity and actual production as of for the periods indicated below: 

||||**FY 2022**<br>|**-23**<br>||**FY 2021**<br>|**-22**<br>||**FY 2020-**<br>|**21**<br>|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Product**|**Unit**|**Capa**<br>**city**|**Producti**<br>**on**|**Utilizatio**<br>**n(**%)|**Capa**<br>**city**|**Product**<br>**ion**|**Utilizati**<br>**on(**%)|**Capacit**<br>**y**|**Product**<br>**ion**|**Utilizati**<br>**on(**%)|
|Paracetamol|MTPA|9,000|6,015.00|66.83|6,000|4,266.39|71.11|6,000|4,212.91|70.22|



For further information, see _“Our Business – Capacity and Capacity Utilization”_ on page 175 of this Red Herring Prospectus. These percentage are not indicative of future capacity utilization, which are dependent on various factors, including demand for our products, availability of raw materials, shipping cost, our ability to manage our inventory and improving operational efficiency. Underutilization of our production capacities over extended periods or significant under-utilization in the short-term could materially and adversely impact our business, growth prospects and future financial performance. 

52 

Our capacity utilization levels are dependent on our ability to carry out uninterrupted operations at units, the availability of raw materials, industry/ market conditions, as well as by the product requirements of, and procurement practice followed by our customers. In the event we face prolonged disruptions at our facilities including due to interruptions in the supply of electricity, water or as a result of labour unrest, or are unable to procure sufficient raw materials, we would not be able to achieve full capacity utilization of our current Unit, resulting in operational inefficiencies which could have a materially adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

# **_23. Indian chemical industry is having a low share in the overall global chemical industry._** 

Historically, the Indian chemical industry has had a low share in the global chemical industry which poses a notable risk. For instance, India was holding 9th position among the top 10 exporters in the global chemical industry as of 2021. Details of the top 10 exporters in the global chemical industry based on their market share as per CRISIL Report are given as under: 

Chemical exports: 

|**_Exporters_**<br>|**_Share in_**<br>|**_world exports(%)_**<br>||
|---|---|---|---|
|**_Regions/ countries_**|**_2005_**|**_2010_**|**_2021_**|
|_EU_|_50.0%_|_46.0%_|_45.6%_|
|_US_|_10.9%_|_11.2%_|_9.7%_|
|_China_|_3.2%_|_5.2%_|_9.4%_|
|_Switzerland_|_4.0%_|_4.3%_|_5.2%_|
|_South Korea_|_2.5%_|_2.9%_|_3.6%_|
|_Japan_|_4.8%_|_4.6%_|_3.4%_|
|_UK_|_5.2%_|_4.3%_|_2.5%_|
|_India_|_1.0%_|_1.4%_|_2.2%_|
|_Singapore_|_2.4%_|_2.3%_|_2.3%_|
|_Saudi Arabia_|_1.0%_|_1.3%_|_1.6%_|
|**_Above 10_**|**_85.0%_**|**_83.4%_**|**_85.6%_**|



With this very limited market share, India faces challenges in asserting itself as a major player in global chemical exports. While India's current position in the global chemical industry export landscape presents risks, it also signifies opportunities for growth and development. The global chemical industry is a highly competitive and dynamic arena, with regions / countries like European Union (EU), United States (US), China, Switzerland, South Korea, Japan, United Kingdom (UK) and Singapore dominating the landscape. 

**_24. The Indian speciality chemicals industry is highly competitive and our inability to compete effectively may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our Company faces a significant risk associated with our competitors launching same or similar specialty chemical products as ours. While the products manufactured (ketene and diketene derivatives products) by our wholly-owned subsidiary, VASPL, may differ from those of other industry players, the prospect of our competitors manufacturing identical products poses a notable challenge. These competitors that we face are formidable, not only in terms of size but also due to their established market presence and financial strength which would pose a risk to our business operations and financial stability. Their entry into our product niche could disrupt our market position. While the risk of competitors launching same or similar specialty chemical products is significant, it can be managed through proactive measures like research and development, maintain a unique selling 

53 

proposition, exploring strategic alliances with complementary businesses and building and nurturing strong customer relationships. Our commitment to innovation, differentiation, and strategic partnerships will be essential in maintaining our market position and financial stability. 

**_25. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with our Shareholders._** 

In the ordinary course of our business, we enter into and will continue to enter into transactions with related parties. For further information on our related party transactions, please see "Note 40 – Related Party Transactions" in the chapter titled “Restated Financial Statements” on page 254. While we believe that all such related party transactions that we have entered into are conducted on an arms’ length basis in accordance with the Companies Act and other applicable regulations pertaining to the evaluation and approval of such transactions and all related party transactions that we may enter into post-listing, will be subject to board or shareholder approval, as necessary under the Companies Act and the Listing Regulations, in the interest of our Company and its minority shareholders and in compliance with the Listing Regulations, we cannot assure you these arrangements in the future, or any future related party transactions that we may enter into, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. Further, any future transactions with our related parties could potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to our company. There can be no assurance that our directors and executive officers will be able to address such conflicts of interests or others in the future. 

**_26. Our Subsidiary has acquired land in the last five years from our Promoter Group member and may undertake further acquisitions in the future._** 

Pursuant to a lease deed dated January 5, 2023, our Subsidiary VASPL has acquired leasehold rights from GIDC in respect parcel of land admeasuring about 57,766 sq. mtrs. situated at Plot Nos. 540 & 541, Saykha Industrial Area, Bharuch, Gujarat. Our promoter group company, VOL was previously allotted the said parcel of land by GIDC which has been subsequently transferred / assigned to VASPL and in consideration thereof, a sum of ₹ 180.00 million has been paid by VASPL to VOL. For further details, please see “ _Objects- Details of the Objects of the Issue_ ” on page 120 of this Red Herring Prospectus. We intend to use a part of the Net Proceeds to set-up a unit at Saykha Industrial Area, Bharuch, Gujarat to manufacture speciality chemical products. Our Promoter, Shantilal Shivji Vora is interested in VOL to the extent of his shareholding, direct and indirect, in VOL and our Managing Director, Santosh Shantilal Vora is interested in VOL to the extent of his directorship in VOL. We believe that the transaction has been conducted on an arms-length basis, and in compliance with the provisions of Companies Act and other applicable laws, however, there can be no assurance that our Company could not have achieved more favourable terms had the transaction not been entered into with related parties. In the future, our Company may undertake further acquisitions of land from entities related to any of our Promoters or Directors. For more information, please see “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” on page 218. 

**_27. Changes in technology may affect our business by making our unit or equipment less competitive._** 

Our profitability and competitiveness are to a certain extent dependent on our ability to respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis. Changes in technology may make newer generation manufacturing equipment more competitive than ours or may require us to make additional capital expenditures to upgrade our units. Our inability to continue to invest in new and more advanced technologies and equipment, may result in our inability to respond to emerging industry standards and practices in a cost-effective and timely manner that is competitive with other manufacturing companies and other methods of manufacturing. The development and implementation of such technology entails technical and business risks. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully implement new technologies or adapt our processing 

54 

systems to emerging industry standards. If we are unable to adapt in a timely manner to changing market conditions or technological changes, our business and financial performance could be adversely affected. 

**_28. Improper storage, processing and handling of raw materials and finished products may cause damage to our inventory leading to an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our manufacturing processes involve storage and transportation of various hazardous substances such as acetic anhydride amongst others. Some of our raw materials are susceptible to damage, if they come in contact with the air and water, which may affect the quality of the finished product. In the event such a contamination is detected during quality checks, we may be required to discard the batches resulting in wastage or losses, which could affect our financial condition or results of operations. Also, improper storage may result in higher than usual wastage of inventory due to mishandling, which may also require us to incur additional expenses in replacing or reprocessing that portion of the inventory and/ or incur additional expenses in maintenance and improvement of our storage infrastructure, which may adversely affect our profit margins. 

**_29. Exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our results of operations as our sales from exports and a portion of our expenditures are denominated in foreign currencies._** 

Our financial statements are prepared in Indian Rupees. However, a portion of our raw material expenditures are denominated in foreign currencies. Accordingly, we have currency exposures relating to buying in currencies other than in Indian Rupees **_._** 

Our cost of imported raw materials for the relevant periods are as below: 

|**Particulars**|**Fiscal 2023**|**Fiscal 2022**|**_(₹ in million) _**<br>**Fiscal 2021**|
|---|---|---|---|
|Cost of imported raw materials|325.51|761.13|920.45|



Therefore, changes in the relevant exchange rates could also affect sales, operating results and assets and liabilities reported in Indian Rupees as part of our financial statements. We are affected primarily by fluctuations in exchange rates among the U.S. dollar and the Indian Rupee, and our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by fluctuations in the value of the Indian Rupee against foreign currencies. We have earned gains due to these fluctuations in foreign currency for the Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 of ₹ 5.83 million, ₹8.63 million and ₹ 10.09 million, respectively. These gains/losses were related to instances where the market exchange rate at the time of transaction was in our favour or against us as compared to the rates we had applied when the transactions were accounted. For further information on our exchange rate risk management, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Principal Factors Affecting our Results of Operations – Foreign Exchange Rate Fluctuation” on page 305. 

In addition, the policies of the RBI may also change from time to time, which may limit our ability to effectively hedge our foreign currency exposures and may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. Any such losses on account of foreign exchange fluctuations may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

**_30. Our financing agreements contain covenants that limit our flexibility in operating our business. Our inability to meet our obligations, including financial and other covenants under our debt financing arrangements could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our Company has availed loans in the ordinary course of business for the purposes of meeting working capital requirements and for capital expenditure. As on March 31, 2023, our Company has been sanctioned an aggregate secured sum of ₹ 520.00 million by our lender. Our ability to meet our debt 

55 

service obligations and repay our outstanding borrowings shall depend primarily on the cash generated by our business. Our financing agreements contain certain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to undertake certain types of transactions. These restrictive covenants inter-alia require us to obtain either the prior permission of such banks or financial institutions or require us to inform them of various activities, including, among others, alteration of our capital structure, implementing any scheme of expansion/diversification/modernization, amending our articles of association or memorandum of association, disposal of assets, undertaking any guarantee obligations on behalf of any third party or any other company or raising of additional debt or equity. In the event that we breach a restrictive covenant, our lenders could deem us to be in default and seek early repayment of loans among other consequences in case of an event of default. An event of default would also affect our ability to raise new funds or renew maturing borrowings as needed to conduct our operations and pursue our growth initiatives. Although we have received consent from our lender for the Issue, these restrictive covenants may affect some of the rights of our Shareholders. As on March 31, 2023, our Company is an aggregate unsecured loan of ₹ 594.00 million which can be recalled at any point of time. For further information, see _“Financial Indebtedness”_ beginning on page 326. 

In addition, certain terms of our borrowings require us to maintain financial ratios which are tested periodically. In the event we breach any financial or other covenants contained in any of our financing arrangements, we may be required to immediately repay our borrowings either in whole or in part, together with any related costs. Certain of our financing arrangements also contain cross-default provisions which could automatically trigger defaults under other financing arrangements. Our failure to meet our obligations under the debt financing agreements could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_31. If we do not continue to invest in new technologies and equipment, our technologies and equipment may become obsolete and our cost of production may increase relative to our competitors, which would have an adverse effect on our ability to compete, results of operations, financial condition and prospects._** 

Our profitability and competitiveness are to a great extent dependent on our ability to maintain a low cost of production. Changes in technology and high cost of raw materials may make advanced manufacturing equipment more competitive or may require us to make additional capital expenditures to upgrade our facilities. We need to continue to invest in new and more advanced technologies and equipment to enable us to respond to emerging industry standards and practices in a cost-effective and timely manner that is competitive with other API manufacturing companies. If we are unable to adapt in a timely manner to changing market conditions, customer requirements or technological changes, our business and financial performance could be adversely affected. 

**_32. Our Group Companies are authorized to carry on similar lines of business and there can be no assurance that we would not face competition from such Group Companies in the future._** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Group Companies are authorized by their respective constitutional documents to engage in lines of business similar to that of our Company. One of our Group Companies namely, Valiant Organics Limited is also a Promoter Group member in which our Promoters, Shantilal Shivji Vora and Santosh Shantilal Vora are interested to the extent of their shareholding, direct and indirect, and directorship, respectively. Although, as on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, the aforesaid Group Companies are not into the manufacturing of the same products as our Company, future conflicts of interests may arise in allocating business opportunities among our Company and Group Companies in circumstances where our respective interests diverge. While there are no common pursuits amongst our Group Companies and our Company, we cannot assure you that we would not face competition from our Group Companies in the future. 

56 

**_33. Restrictions on import of raw materials may impact our business and results of operations._** 

We currently import some portion of our raw materials. Raw material imports are regulated by certain specific laws and regulations that permit concerned authorities to stop any import if it is deemed that the goods proposed to be imported may be hazardous. While the raw materials we import may not be hazardous in nature, we cannot assure you that such regulations will not be made applicable to us or that such regulations will not evolve into more stringent regulations, which would place onerous requirements on us and consequently restrict our ability to import raw materials. While we have not in the recent past experienced any challenges in importing such materials, we cannot assure you that we will not experience any such challenges in the future. For the Fiscal 2023, Fiscals 2022 and Fiscal 2021, our purchase of imported raw materials and components consumed amounts to ₹ 325.51 million, ₹761.13 million and ₹920.45 million, representing 11.87%, 31.17% and 74.86%, respectively, of our total raw material purchase. In light of the COVID-19 pandemic and the current war scenario in Eastern Europe, the import of raw materials could be affected in the future. In the event we are unable to import these materials, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in identifying alternate suppliers for raw materials or we will be able to source the raw materials at favourable terms in a timely manner or at all. Any change in law or applicable governmental policies relating to imports, change in international geo-political situations, restriction on import of raw materials could have an adverse effect on our ability to deliver products to our distributors, business and results of operations. 

# **_34. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan or maintain high levels of service and satisfaction, and our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected._** 

We have experienced significant growth in our revenue from operations and profitability in the last three Fiscals and anticipate that we will continue to potentially grow, expand into new geographies and take advantage of market opportunities. For the Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, our revenue from operations were ₹ 3,339.10 million, ₹ 2,915.23 million and ₹ 1,823.69 million, respectively. Our revenue from operations grew at a CAGR of 23.90% between Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2023. For the Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021, our restated profit after tax was ₹ 289.98 million, ₹ 274.96 million and ₹ 305.93 million, respectively. Our restated profit after tax, grew at a CAGR of 26.81% between Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2023. 

The success of our business will depend greatly on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategy. Our growth strategy includes growing our product portfolio, strengthening our brand, deepening our penetration in existing markets and expanding our presence in select new territories and expanding our manufacturing capacities. For further information, see “Our Business – Strategies” on page 167 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Many factors may contribute to a decline in our revenue growth rates, including increased competition, slowing demand for our product from existing and new Customers, reduced market acceptance of paracetamol, inability to attract new customers, general economic conditions, government actions and policies, a failure by us to continue capitalizing on growth opportunities, changes in the regulatory framework, availability of an alternate to our product, non-availability of raw materials at competitive pricing and the maturation of our business, among others. We cannot assure you that our current and planned systems, policies, procedures and controls, personnel and third-party relationships will be adequate to support our future operations. Our inability to effectively manage any of these issues may adversely affect our business growth and, as a result, impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

To manage operations and personnel growth, we will need to continue to grow and improve our operational, financial, and management controls and our reporting systems and procedures. We will require significant funds and allocation of valuable management resources to expand our technology and infrastructure without any assurances that our net revenue will increase. Failure to manage our anticipated growth and organizational changes in a manner that preserves the key aspects of our 

57 

culture could reduce our ability to recruit and retain personnel, innovate, operate effectively, and execute on our business strategy, potentially adversely affecting our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

We will need to adapt and upgrade our controls, policies, procedures and overall operations to accommodate our growing operations and supporting personnel. Moreover, the speed with which our internal controls and procedures are implemented or adapted to changing regulatory or commercial requirements may be inadequate to ensure full and immediate compliance, leaving us vulnerable to inconsistencies and failures that may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

In addition, there may be delays in the anticipated timing of activities related to such growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans; increased difficulty and cost in implementing these efforts; and the incurrence of other unexpected costs associated with operating the business. Any of these factors could adversely impact our results of operations. If, for any reason, the benefits we realize are less than our estimates or the implementation of these growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans adversely affect our operations or cost more or take longer to effectuate than we expect, or if our assumptions prove inaccurate, our results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

**_35. We have incurred capital expenditure during the last three Fiscal Years. We may require substantial financing for our business operations and capital expenditure and the failure to obtain additional financing on terms commercially acceptable to us may adversely affect our future profitability._** 

During the Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 we incurred capital expenditure of ₹ 73.64 million, ₹ 64.64 million and ₹ 16.69 million, respectively. A significant amount of our capital expenditure in these periods including for our Manufacturing Facility, was aimed at repairs and maintenance and upgrading equipment. Our management adopts and implements business strategies that take into account a number of macro and micro economic considerations, including our current financial condition and expected levels of growth over the medium to long term. In addition, we expect to incur capital expenditure (through our wholly owned subsidiary) from the proceeds of the Issue. For further information, see “Objects of the Issue” on page 118. 

There can be no assurance that our Proposed Facility plans will be implemented as planned or on schedule, or that we will achieve our increased planned output capacity or operational efficiency. If we experience significant delays or mishaps in the implementation of the Proposed Facility plans or if there are significant cost overruns, then the overall benefit of such plans to our revenues and profitability may decline. To the extent that the planned Proposed Facility does not produce anticipated or desired output, revenue or cost-reduction outcomes, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. 

In the future, we may require substantial capital for our business operations and planned capital expenditure to maintain and grow our existing infrastructure, purchase equipment and develop and implement new technologies in our new and existing Manufacturing Facilities. The actual amount and timing of our future capital requirements may differ from estimates as a result of, among other things, unforeseen delays or cost overruns in developing our products, changes in business plans due to prevailing economic conditions, unanticipated expenses and regulatory changes. To the extent our planned expenditure requirements exceed our available resources, we may be required to seek additional debt or equity financing. Additional debt financing could increase our interest costs and require us to comply with additional restrictive covenants in our financing agreements. Additional equity financing could dilute our earnings per Equity Share and your investment in our Company. 

Our ability to obtain additional financing on favourable terms, if at all, will depend on a number of factors, including our future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, the amount and terms of our existing indebtedness, general market conditions and market conditions for financing 

58 

activities and the economic, political and other conditions in the markets where we operate. Our ability to raise debt financing on acceptable terms also depends on our credit ratings. We cannot assure you that we will be able to raise additional financing on acceptable terms in a timely manner or at all. Our failure to renew arrangements for existing funding or to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms  and  in  a  timely manner could adversely impact our planned capital expenditure, our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_36. There have been some instances of incorrect filings with the Registrar of Companies and other non-compliances under the Companies Act in the past which may attract penalties._** 

There have been certain discrepancies in relation to statutory filings required to be made by us with the RoC under applicable laws, as well as certain other non-compliances incurred by us under the Companies Act. There have been some instances of incorrect filing in DPT-3 Form for Fiscal 202122. Further, Section 29(1) of the Companies Act read with Rule 9A of Companies (Prospectus and Allotment of Securities) Rules, 2014 provides that every public company shall issue securities only in demat form. We have in August 2021 issued 10,500,000 Equity Shares in physical form to our Shareholders which have subsequently been converted into demat form in December 2021. As per Section 450 of the Companies Act, in the event a company contravenes contravenes any of the provisions of the Companies Act or the rules made thereunder and for which no penalty or punishment is provided elsewhere, the company and every officer of the company who is in default shall be liable to a penalty of ten thousand rupees, and in case of continuing contravention, with a further penalty of one thousand rupees for each day after the first during which the contravention continues, subject to a maximum of two lakh rupees in case of a company and fifty thousand rupees in case of an officer who is in default. Although, no regulatory action, fine or penalty has been taken/ levied on our Company for such purported default / non-compliance and our Company’s management is of the considered view that it is in compliance with the provisions of the Companies Act, however, it cannot be assured that no such regulatory action, fine or penalty will be taken/ levied in the future. Further, we cannot assure you that such non-compliances will not occur in the future. Therefore, if the concerned authorities impose monetary penalties on us or take certain punitive actions against our Company or its directors/ officers in relation to the same, our business and financial condition could be adversely affected. There have been no instances of non-compliance by our subsidiary, VASPL under the Companies Act. 

# **_37. We are dependent on third-party transportation providers for the supply of raw materials and delivery of our finished products._** 

Our success depends on the supply and transport of the various raw materials required for our unit and of our finished products from our unit to our customers, which are subject to various uncertainties and risks. We rely on third-party freight and transportation providers for the delivery of our products to customers with whom we have no formal arrangement, to provide rail, road and other transportation facilities. We also depend on sea and road borne freight in respect of import and export operations. Such transportation providers are arranged on an as-needed basis. Transportation strikes, if any, could have an adverse effect on supplies and deliveries to and from our customers and suppliers. In addition, we undertake our import and export facilities majorly from JNPT (Nhava Sheva) port situated in Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra and are therefore, heavily dependent on the smooth functioning of the said port for our import and export activities. 

Raw materials and finished products may be lost or damaged in transit for various reasons including occurrence of accidents or natural disasters. There may also be a delay in delivery of raw materials and products which may also affect our business and results of operations negatively. In the event we fail to maintain a sufficient volume of raw materials and delivery of such materials to us is delayed, we may be unable to meet customer orders in a timely manner or at all. Any such inability may result in loss of sales opportunities that our competitors may capitalize on, thereby adversely affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Any compensation received from insurers or third-party transportation providers may be insufficient to cover the cost of any delays and 

59 

will not repair damage to our relationships with our affected customers and the goodwill of the Company in the market. The current war between Ukraine and Russia has resulted in various global sanctions being levied on Russia which is a major exporter of fossil fuels and natural gas, these sanctions have corresponded in an economic slowdown and an increase in fuel costs throughout the world. We may also be affected by an increase in fuel costs, as it will have a corresponding impact on freight charges levied by our third- party transportation providers. Our freight and forwarding charges were ₹ 11.18 million, ₹ 7.32 million and ₹ 8.32 million in for the Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 respectively. A continued rise in the cost of fuels could require us to expend considerable resources in addressing our distribution requirements, including by way of absorbing these excess freight charges to maintain our selling price, which could adversely affect our results of operations or passing these charges on to our customers, which could adversely affect demand for our products. 

**_38. Our Company, its Promoters and our Directors are party to certain legal proceedings. Any adverse outcome in such proceedings may have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our Company, Promoters and some of our Directors (“ **Relevant Parties** ”) are currently involved in certain legal proceedings. These legal proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and other authorities. In the event of any adverse rulings in these proceedings or the consequent levying of penalties, the Relevant Parties may need to make payments or make provisions for future payments, which may increase their respective expenses and current or contingent liabilities. 

The summary of outstanding litigation involving our Company, Promoters and Directors as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus have been provided below in accordance with the materiality policy adopted by our Board. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there are no outstanding litigation proceedings involving our Group Companies, the outcome of which could have a material impact on our Company. For details, please see _“Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments”_ on page 329. 

|**Name of the Entity**|**Crimin**<br>**al**<br>**proceed**<br>**ings**|**Tax**<br>**proceedin**<br>**gs**|**Statutory**<br>**or**<br>**regulatory**<br>**proceeding**<br>**s**|**Disciplinary**<br>**actions by**<br>**SEBI or**<br>**stock**<br>**exchanges**<br>**against our**<br>**Promoters**|**Material**<br>**civil**<br>**litigations**|**Aggregate**<br>**amount**<br>**involved**<br>**(INR in**<br>**million)***|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Company**|||||||
|Bythe Company|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|Against<br>the<br>Company|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|**Directors**|||||||
|Bythe Directors|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|Against<br>the<br>Directors|-|10|-|-|-|6.26|
|**Promoters**|||||||
|Bythe Promoters|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|Against<br>the<br>Promoters|-|3|-|-|-|0.93|
|**Subsidiary**|||||||
|Bythe Subsidiary|-|-|-|-|-|-|
|Against<br>the<br>Subsidiary|-|-|-|-|-|-|



_*To the extent quantifiable_ 

60 

The amounts mentioned above may be subject to additional interest/ penalties being levied by the concerned authorities which have not been included above as not being ascertainable as on date of this Red Herring Prospectus. We cannot assure you that these proceedings will be decided in favour of Relevant Parties. Any adverse decision in such proceedings may render us liable to penalties and may have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business and financial condition. Additionally, during the course of our business we are subject to risk of litigation in relation to contractual obligations, employment and labour laws, personal injury and property damage, etc. 

Furthermore, if we get involved in disputes with third-parties in the course of our operations such as suppliers, customers and sub- contractors, the same may lead to legal or other proceedings and may result in substantial costs, delays in our development and operation schedule, and the diversion of resources and management’s attention, regardless of the outcome. We may also have disagreements with regulatory authorities in the course of our operations, which may subject us to legal proceedings and unfavourable decisions that may result in penalties or delay or disrupt our development and operations. 

**_39. We may be subject to significant risks and hazards when operating and maintaining our Manufacturing Facility, for which our insurance coverage might not be adequate._** 

Our total insurance cover includes property, plant and equipment and inventory, for the Fiscal 2023, Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 was ₹ 543.00 million, ₹ 398.00 million and ₹ 310.00 million respectively, which was 129.00%, 106.00% and 121.00%, respectively of our net block of property, plant and equipment, and inventory. As of March 31, 2023, we operate from one unit situated in the state of Palghar, Maharashtra. We generally perform scheduled and unscheduled maintenance and operating and other asset management services. We also sub-contract certain maintenance services to thirdparties who may not perform their services adequately. Manufacturing products involves handling of certain risky material which, if not handled properly, can be dangerous. In addition to natural risks such as earthquake, flood, lightning, cyclones and wind, other hazards, such as fire, structural collapse and machinery failure are inherent risks in our operations. They can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment and may result in the suspension of operations. The occurrence of any one of these events may result in our being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages, including for cleanup costs, personal injury and property damage and fines and/ or penalties. 

We maintain an amount of insurance protection that we consider adequate including insurance policy covering fire, damage to buildings, plant and machinery, stocks (raw materials and finished goods), vehicles. We may not have identified every risk and further may not be insured against every risk because such risks are either uninsurable or not insurable on commercially acceptable terms, including operational risk that may occur and the occurrence of an event that causes losses in excess of the limits specified in our policies, or losses arising from events or risks not covered by insurance policies such as COVID-19 and other pandemics, or due to the same being inadequate, could materially harm our cash flows, financial condition and future results of operations. However, we cannot provide any assurance that our insurance will be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which we may be subject. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage, or successful assertion of one or more large claims against us for events for which we are not insured, or which exceeds our insurance coverage, or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial performance and cash flows could be adversely affected. For further information on our insurance arrangements, see _“Our Business – Insurance”_ beginning on page 181 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

61 

**_40. Industry information included in this Red Herring Prospectus has been derived from an industry report from CRISIL Market Intelligence & Analytics, a division of CRISIL Limited which has been commissioned and paid by us for such purpose exclusively in connection with the Issue. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate._** 

We have availed the services of an independent third-party research agency, CRISIL Market Intelligence & Analytics, a division of CRISIL Limited, to prepare an industry report titled “Assessment of pharmaceutical API and speciality chemicals Industry in India” dated May 2023, for purposes of inclusion of such information in this Red Herring Prospectus. Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus include information based on, or derived from, the CRISIL Report or extracts of the <u>CRISIL Report. We exclusively commissioned and paid for the CRISIL Report</u> for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Issue. All such information in this Red Herring Prospectus indicates the <u>CRISIL Report</u> as its source. Industry sources and publications generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources generally believed to be reliable, but that their accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed and their reliability cannot be assured. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which we conduct our business, and methodologies and assumptions vary widely amongst different industry sources. Furthermore, such assumptions may change based on various factors. We cannot assure that the CRISIL Report assumptions are correct or will not change and, accordingly, our position in the market may differ from that presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. Furthermore, the commissioned report is not a recommendation to invest or disinvest in our Company and shall not be construed as an expert advice or investment advice. Prospective investors are advised not to unduly rely on the CRISIL Report or extracts thereof as included in this Red Herring Prospectus, when making their investment decisions. 

**_41. The paracetamol API industry in India is highly concentrated and our inability to compete effectively may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and cash flows._** 

The manufacturing landscape for paracetamol API industry in India is concentrated with presence of few players. Due to this concentrated competitive landscape of paracetamol API players in India, there is a risk of fierce competition and possibility of price wars which in turn may have an adverse effect on our profit margins. As the competition intensifies, these competitors may also look to consolidate their positions through mergers and acquisitions. Market consolidation may result in the emergence of dominant players with enhanced pricing power and market influence. Our Company may face challenges in maintaining its competitiveness and market share which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and cash flows. 

**_42. Information relating to the installed production capacity and capacity utilization of our production units included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates and future production and capacity may vary._** 

Information relating to the installed production capacity and capacity utilization of our Manufacturing Facility included in this Red Herring Prospectus are based on various assumptions and estimates of our management that have been considered by an independent chartered engineer while calculating the installed production capacity of, and actual production volumes at, our units. The assumptions and estimates include the standard capacity calculation practices applicable to the pharmaceutical API industry after examining the period during which the unit was operational during the year, the expected operations, availability of raw materials, downtime resulting from scheduled maintenance activities, unscheduled breakdowns, as well as expected operational efficiencies, and taking into account the number of working days in a year, number of days in a month, number of shifts in a day 

62 

and average number of batches per day. Actual production capacity, production levels and utilization rates may therefore vary from the information of our Manufacturing Facility included in this Red Herring Prospectus or from the historical installed production capacity information of our units depending on the product. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on our historical installed capacity information for our existing facilities included in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_43. Inability to protect, strengthen and enhance our existing reputation could adversely affect our business prospects and financial performance._** 

The reputation of our brand is important for our business and is key to our ability to remain a trusted supplier of APIs and to attract new customers and retain the existing ones. We believe that any damage to our reputation could substantially impair our ability to maintain or grow our business or could have a material adverse effect on our overall business prospects and financial performance. While we have been making consistent efforts to strengthen our image, various factors, some of which are beyond our control, are critical for maintaining and enhancing our reputation and if not managed properly, may negatively affect our brand and reputation. These include our ability to effectively manage the quality of our products, increase brand awareness among existing and potential customers, adapt our advertising and promotion efforts to emerging industry standards. 

Our reputation could also be negatively impacted if we fail to maintain our established standards of service, or if our products fail to meet the expectation of our customers. Any allegations of deterioration in product quality even when false or unfounded, could tarnish our image and may cause our customers to choose other competing products. Any negative publicity regarding us, our reputation, our products or the chemical/ pharmaceutical industry generally could adversely affect our business and our results of operations. Other risks associated with our industry include improper disclosure of proprietary information, negative comments about our Company or standard of service, exposure of personally identifiable information, fraud, hoaxes or malicious exposure of false information. The inappropriate use of social media by our customers, employees, suppliers or other third parties could also harm our reputation thereby increasing our costs, lead to litigation or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, counterfeit products, sub-standard quality and ineffective promotional activities are all potential threats to the image and potency of our Company. Our failure to develop, maintain and enhance our Company may result in decreased revenue and loss of customers and in turn adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_44. Any unscheduled or prolonged disruption of our manufacturing operations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Any unscheduled or prolonged disruption of our manufacturing operations, including power failure, fire and unexpected mechanical failure of equipment, obsolescence, labour disputes, strikes, lockouts, earthquakes and other natural disasters, industrial accidents or any significant social, political or economic disturbances, outbreak of wars or infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could reduce our ability to manufacture our products and adversely affect our revenues from operations in such period. While there have not been any material disruptions in the last three Financial Years having impact on our business operations and financials, any such disruption may interrupt our operations, which may interfere with the manufacturing process, requiring us to either stop our operations or repeat activities that may involve additional time and costs. Our customers rely on the timely delivery of our products and our ability to provide an uninterrupted supply of our products is critical to our business. Although we take precautions to minimize the risk of any significant operational problems at our units, our customer relationships, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected by any disruption of operations at our units, including due to any of the factors mentioned above. 

63 

Disruptions in our operations could delay production or require us to temporarily cease operations at our unit. We may be subject to manufacturing disruptions due to contraventions by us of any of the conditions of our regulatory approvals, which may require our unit to cease, or limit, production until the disputes concerning such approvals are resolved. As regulatory approvals are site specific, we may be unable to transfer production activities to another location immediately. Similarly, there is no assurance that portion of our unit unaffected by an interruption will have the capacity to increase their output to manufacture products for the affected units, to the extent that all outstanding orders will be fulfilled in a timely manner. In the event of prolonged interruptions in the operations of our units, we may have to make alternate arrangements for supplies and products in order to meet our production requirements, which could affect our profitability. 

**_45. Our ability to grow our business depends on our relationships with our customers and any adverse changes in these relationships, or our inability to enter into new relationships and thereby expand our customer network, could negatively affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our business is dependent on the decisions and actions of our customers which is determined by our ability to maintain and strengthen our relationships and arrangements with existing customers. Our relationship with our customers is dependent to a large extent on our ability to regularly meet their requirements, including price competitiveness, efficient and timely product deliveries and consistent product quality. In the event we are unable to meet such requirements in the future, it may result in decrease in orders or cessation of business from affected customers. There are also a number of factors relating to our customers beyond our control that might result in the termination of our arrangement or the loss of a customer relationship, including change in preferences of our customers as well as a demand for price reductions. Further, the deterioration of the financial condition or business prospects of these customers could affect their ability to maintain inventory and thus reduce demand for our products and could result in a significant decline in the revenues we derive from such customers. Adverse changes in our relationships with our customers or the inability to develop new products for existing customers or to successfully establish relationships with new customers, could therefore limit our business prospects, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 

We may also face disruptions in the delivery of our products for various reasons beyond our control, including poor freight forwarding of our products, transportation bottlenecks, natural disasters, infectious disease outbreaks such as the pandemics, acts of war and labour issues, which could lead to deliveries being delayed or lost, resulting in insufficient inventories with our customers. If we fail to deliver products to our customers in a timely manner, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

**_46. We are dependent on third parties for the supply of utilities, such as water, gas and electricity, at our Manufacturing Facilities and any disruption in the supply of such utilities could adversely affect our manufacturing operations._** 

We procure electricity for use at our facilities from the local grid. We procure water for use at our facilities from the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation. We rely upon diesel generator sets to ensure continuity of operations in case of power outage. There have been no major instances of power failure in the last three years. Reliance on third parties for electricity and water us to risks such as shortage or break down in supply, the correction of which is in the hands of such third parties, and which, if not corrected, could result in a temporary of all or part of operations. While we have not faced challenges in supply in past due to dependence on third parties for the supply of utilities, we cannot assure you that we shall not face shortage or break down in supply of utilities in future. Additionally, in case of a break- down of our relationship with the utility providers, we are unable to assure you that we shall be able to source such utilities from alternate sources in a timely manner, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

64 

# **_47. Our Group Companies has, in the past, been involved in certain monitoring actions which may adversely impact our business and reputation._** 

As a part of SEBI and Stock Exchanges initiative to enhance market integrity and safeguard the interest of investors, the concept of additional surveillance measure (“ASM”) was introduced. The ASM list is a list of companies whose securities are being monitored on a daily basis due to factors like price fluctuation, volatility, volume variance, etc. In the past three fiscals, there have been a few instances wherein our Group companies, Valiant Organics Limited and Aarti Pharmalabs Limited, were shortlisted under short-term ASM at different stages. However, at present the said Promoter Group company is not shortlisted under any ASM. We cannot assure you that any such instance will not occur in the future and any such future instance may have loss of reputation and diversion of management’s attention or other recourses. 

**_48. We have issued Equity Shares at prices that may be lower than the Issue Price in the last 12 months._** 

We have issued Equity Shares in the last 12 months at a price that may be lower than the Issue Price, as set out in the table below: 

|**Date of**<br>**Allotment**|**Number of**<br>**Equity**<br>**Shares**|**Face Value**<br>**per Equity**<br>**Share (₹)**|**Issue Price**<br>**per Equity**<br>**Share (₹)**|**Nature of**<br>**Allotment**<br>|**List of Allotees**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|February<br>23, 2023|16,280,000|10.00|-|Bonus Issue<br>of<br>equity<br>shares in the<br>ratio of one<br>equity<br>shares<br>for<br>every<br>one<br>equity<br>shares held|1. Dhanvallabh<br>Ventures<br>LLP<br>–<br>10,175,000<br>2. Shantilal Shivji Vora<br>– 1,629,595<br>3. Santosh<br>Shantilal<br>Vora – 1,629,595<br>4. Kanchan<br>Shantilal<br>Vora - 807,345<br>5. Rachi Santosh Vora<br>– 3,465<br>6. Paresh<br>Shashikant<br>Shah – 2,033,845<br>7. Varsha Paresh Shah<br>–1,155|



The price at which our Company has issued the Equity Shares in the preceding 12 months is not indicative of the Issue Price or that will prevail in the open market following listing of the Equity Shares. For further details, please see _“Capital Structure – Notes to the Capital Structure – Equity Share capital history of our_ Company _”_ beginning on page _99_ of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_49. We appoint contract labour for carrying out some of our operations and we may be held responsible for paying the wages of such workers, if the independent contractors through whom such workers are hired default on their obligations, and such obligations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

We engage independent contractors through whom we engage contract labourers for performance of non-critical aspects at our manufacturing unit such for material charging and sifting in the production department, as helpers in our maintenance department, housekeeping of our entire unit and for undertaking loading and un-loading of raw materials, finish goods, engineering items . As on July 31, 2023, we have hired/ engaged 78 contract labourers which represented 46.15% of our total manpower. Although we do not engage these labourers directly, we are responsible for any wage and statutory 

65 

payments to be made to such labourers in the event of default by such independent contractors. Any requirement to fund their wage requirements may have an adverse impact on our results of operations and our financial conditions. In addition, we may be liable for or exposed to litigations, sanctions, penalties or losses arising from accidents or damages caused by our workers or contractors. 

**_50. Any downgrading of our credit rating by a domestic or international credit rating agency may increase interest rates for our future borrowings, which would increase our cost of borrowings, and adversely affect our ability to borrow on a competitive basis._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings. We have been assigned the following credit ratings in the last three fiscals: 

|**_Particulars_**|**_September 09,_**<br>**_Long Term Instruments_**|**_2022_**<br>**_Short Term Instruments_**|
|---|---|---|
|**_Rating_**|_CRISIL A-/Stable_|_CRISIL A2+_|
|**_Rating Agency_**|_CRISIL Rating_|_Limited_|



Our credit rating may be downgraded in the future due to various factors, including factors which may be beyond our control. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. Any future downgrade of our credit ratings may increase interest rates for refinancing our borrowings, which would increase our cost of borrowings, and may have an adverse effect on our future issuances of debt and our ability to borrow on a competitive basis. Further, any downgrade in our credit ratings may also trigger an event of default or acceleration of repayment of certain of our borrowings. If any of these risks materialize, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial performance and the price of our Equity Shares. 

**_51. Our inability to effectively manage our growth or to successfully implement our business plan and growth strategy could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

While we have experienced revenue growth and have expanded our operations over the years, we cannot assure you that our growth strategy will continue to be successful or that we will be able to continue to expand further or at the same rate. The success of our business will depend greatly on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategy. Our growth strategy includes growing our product portfolio, strengthening our brand, deepening our penetration in existing markets and expanding our presence in select new territories and expanding our manufacturing capacities. For further information, see _“Our Business – Strategies”_ on page 173 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Our ability to sustain growth depends primarily upon our ability to manage key issues such as our ability to sustain existing relationships with our clients, ability to obtain raw materials at better prices, ability to compete effectively, ability to scaling up our operations, adhering to high quality and execution standards, our ability to expand our manufacturing capabilities and our presence in India as well as globally, selecting and retaining skilled personnel. Sustained growth also puts pressure on our ability to effectively manage and control historical and emerging risks. Our inability to effectively manage any of these issues may adversely affect our business growth and, as a result, impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our success in implementing our growth strategies may be affected by our ability to identify new market opportunities, develop products, increase our existing network of customers and ability to adapt to changes in the Indian or international regulatory environment applicable to us. Many of these factors are beyond our control and there can be no assurance that we will succeed in implementing our strategy. Any change in government policies and regulations including any ban imposed on a particular product by the respective governments, or any duties, pre-conditions or ban imposed by countries from where we source certain raw materials may have an adverse impact on our operations. In addition, there may be 

66 

delays in the anticipated timing of activities related to such growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans; increased difficulty and cost in implementing these efforts; and the incurrence of other unexpected costs associated with operating the business. Any of these factors could adversely impact our results of operations. If, for any reason, the benefits we realize are less than our estimates or the implementation of these growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans adversely affect our operations or cost more or take longer to effectuate than we expect, or if our assumptions prove inaccurate, our results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

**_52. We may be subject to unionization, work stoppages or increased labour costs, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

The success of our operations depends on availability of labour and maintaining a good relationship with our workforce. As of April 30, 2023, we employed about 86 permanent employees across our manufacturing facility registered office. Some of our employees are affiliated with labour union. There can be no assurance that our employees will not join any existing union or otherwise organize themselves. In the past three years, we have not experienced any labour dispute. We do not have any formal policy for redressal of labour disputes. Although we have not experienced any major interruption to our operations as a result of labour disputes in the recent past, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any such disruption in the future as a result of disputes or disagreements with our work force, which may adversely affect our ability to continue our business operations. We may also have to incur additional expense to train and retain skilled labour. We are also subject to a number of stringent labour laws that protect the interests of workers, including legislation that imposes financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. There can be no assurance that we will not experience labour unrest in the future, which may delay or disrupt our operations. Any labour unrest including labour disputes, strikes and lockouts, industrial accidents, experienced by us could directly or indirectly prevent or hinder our normal operating activities and, if not resolved in a timely manner, could lead to disruptions in our operations. In the event of any prolonged delay or disruption of our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

**_53. We are dependent on our Promoters, Directors and a number of key managerial personnel and the loss of, or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

We are dependent on our Promoters, Directors and key managerial personnel for setting our strategic business direction and managing our business. Our Promoters and several of our key managerial personnel have extensive experience in the chemical and pharmaceutical industry. Our ability to meet continued success and future business challenges depends on our ability to attract, recruit and retain experienced, talented and skilled professionals. Without a sufficient number of skilled employees, our operations and manufacturing quality could suffer. The attrition rate in respect of our employees was 6.10%, 4.23%, and 3.57% for the Fiscal 2023, Fiscals 2022 and Fiscal 2021 respectively. We may experience similar attrition rates in the future. A significant increase in the attrition rate among skilled employees could decrease our operating efficiency and productivity and could lead to a decline in the profitability of our Company. Competition for qualified technical personnel and operators is intense, both in retaining our existing employees and when replacing or finding additional suitable employees. If we cannot hire additional qualified personnel or retain them, our ability to expand our business will be impacted. 

We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting and retaining suitable employees. The loss of the services of our key personnel or our inability to recruit or train a sufficient number of experienced personnel or our inability to manage the attrition levels in different employee categories may have an adverse effect on our financial results and business prospects. 

67 

**_54. An inability to renew quality accreditations in a timely manner or at all may negatively affect our business prospects and financial performance._** 

We operate in the pharmaceutical / API industry. We obtain and maintain quality certifications and accreditations from independent certification entities and also comply with prescribed specifications and standards of quality approved by certification issuing agencies. For instance, we have received certification for compliance with ISO 9001:2015 issued by TÜV NORD CERT GmbH with respect to management systems of our Manufacturing Facility and compliance with Good Manufacturing practices (“GMP”) issued by Foods & Drugs Administration, Konkan Division, Maharashtra. If we fail to comply with applicable quality standards or if we are otherwise unable to obtain such quality accreditations in the future in a timely manner or at all, our brand and reputation could be adversely affected. Any significant damage to our reputation or brand caused by being denied such accreditations and certifications could have a material adverse effect on our ability to attract new and repeat customers and, as a result, adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 

**_55. Our Promoters and Promoter Group shall continue to retain significant control in our Company after the Issue, which shall allow them to influence the outcome of matters submitted to shareholders for approval. Such a concentration of ownership may also have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control._** 

As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters and certain members of our Promoters Group hold 32,560,000 Equity Shares representing 100.00% of the pre-Issued, subscribed and paidup Equity Share capital of our Company. After the completion of this Issue, our Promoters and Promoter Group shall continue to hold significant shareholding in our Company. As a result, our Promoters and Promoter Group shall continue to exercise significant control over us, including being able to control the composition of our Board of Directors and determine decisions requiring simple or special majority voting, and our other shareholders shall be unable to affect the outcome of such voting. If our Promoters and Promoter Group sells a substantial number of the Equity Shares in the public market, or if there is a perception that such sale or distribution could occur, the market price of the Equity Shares could be adversely affected. No assurance can be given that such Equity Shares that are held by the Promoters shall not be sold any time after the Issue, which could cause the price of the Equity Shares to decline. 

# **_56. Employee misconduct including misuse of confidential data and failure to maintain confidentiality of information could harm us and is difficult to detect and deter._** 

We enter into confidentiality agreements and non-disclosure agreements with our customers, other third parties and employees. As per these agreements, we are required to keep confidential, the knowhow and technical specifications, if any, provided to us by these customers. In the event of any breach or alleged breach of our confidentiality agreements with our customers, these customers may terminate their engagements with us or initiate litigation for breach of contract. Moreover, most of these contracts do not contain provisions limiting our liability with respect to breaches of our obligation to keep the information we receive from them confidential. As a result, if our customers’ confidential information is misappropriated by us or our employees, our customers may consider us liable for that act and seek damages and compensation from us, in addition, to seeking termination of the contract. While there have been no instances during the last three fiscals of information technology breach or instances of cyber-attack, assertions of misappropriation of confidential information or the intellectual property of our customers against us, if successful, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if such assertions against us are unsuccessful, they may cause us to incur reputational harm and substantial cost. 

Although we closely monitor our employees, misconduct, including acts of bribery, corruption or fraud by employees or executives, such acts could include binding us to transactions that exceed authorized limits or present unacceptable risks, or they may hide unauthorized or unlawful activities 

68 

from us, which may result in substantial financial losses and damage to our reputation and loss of business from our customers. Employee or executive misconduct could also involve the improper use or disclosure of confidential information, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious reputational or financial harm, including harm to our brand. While we have not experienced any such employee misconduct in the past, it is not always possible to deter employee or executive misconduct and the precautions taken and systems put in place to prevent and detect such activities may not be effective in all cases. Any instances of such misconduct could adversely affect our business and our reputation. The Company has though obtained the criminal insurance policy for coverage against such misconduct. 

**_57. We have in this Red Herring Prospectus included certain Non-GAAP Measures and certain other industry measures related to our operations and financial performance. These Non-GAAP Measures and industry measures may vary from any standard methodology that is applicable across the pharmaceutical industry, and therefore may not be comparable with financial or industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature computed and presented by other companies._** 

Certain Non-GAAP Measures and certain other industry measures relating to our operations and financial performance have been included in this Red Herring Prospectus. We compute and disclose such Non-GAAP Measures and such other industry related statistical information relating to our operations and financial performance as we consider such information to be useful measures of our business and financial performance, and because such measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and others to evaluate the operational performance of Indian chemical companies, many of which provide such Non-GAAP Measures and other industry related statistical and operational information. Such supplemental financial and operational information is therefore of limited utility as an analytical tool and investors are cautioned against considering such information either in isolation or as a substitute for an analysis of our audited financial statements as reported under applicable accounting standards disclosed elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

These Non-GAAP Measures and such other industry related statistical and other information relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by generally accepted accounting principles, and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures and industry related statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other manufacturing companies. 

**_58. If we are subject to any frauds, theft, or embezzlement by our employees, suppliers or customers, it could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our operations may be subject to incidents of theft. We may also encounter some inventory loss on account of employee/ supplier/ customer fraud, theft, or embezzlement. Although we have set up various security measures in our office premises and units such as deployment of security guards and operational processes such as periodic stock taking, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any fraud, theft, employee negligence, loss in transit or similar incidents in the future, which could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

**_59. Activities involving our manufacturing process can be dangerous and can cause injury to people or property in certain circumstances. A significant disruption at any of our Manufacturing Facilities may adversely affect our production schedules, costs, sales and ability to meet customer demand._** 

Our business involves complex manufacturing processes that can be dangerous to our employees. Although we employ safety procedures, including providing safety equipment, in the operation of our facilities and maintain what we believe to be adequate insurance, there is a risk that an accident or death may occur in any of our facilities. An accident may result in destruction of property or 

69 

equipment, environmental damage, manufacturing or delivery delays, or may lead to suspension of our operations and/or imposition of liabilities. Any such accident may result in litigation, the outcome of which is difficult to assess or quantify, and the cost to defend litigation can be significant. As a result, the costs to defend any action or the potential liability resulting from any such accident or death or arising out of any other litigation, and any negative publicity associated therewith, may have a negative effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. While we maintain legally mandated insurance policies such as accident and medical insurance policies for our employees and a public liability insurance, we cannot assure you that the coverage under such policies will be sufficient to cover loss sustained or that an affected employee or third party will not additionally seek legal recourse against us. 

In particular, if operations at our Manufacturing Facility were to be disrupted as a result of any significant workplace accident, equipment failure, natural disaster, power outage, fire, explosion, terrorism, adverse weather conditions, labour dispute, obsolescence or other reasons, our financial performance may be adversely affected as a result of our inability to meet customer demand or committed delivery schedules for our products. While there has not been any such incidence in past, we cannot assure you that such incidents will not occur in future. 

Interruptions in production may also increase our costs and reduce our sales and may require us to make substantial capital expenditures to remedy the situation or to defend litigation that we may become involved in as a result, which may negatively affect our profitability, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

**_60. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges in a timely manner or at all._** 

In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing and trading of our Equity Shares will not be granted until after certain actions have been completed in relation to this Issue and until Allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to this Issue. 

In accordance with current regulations and circulars issued of SEBI, our Equity Shares are required to be listed on the stock exchanges within such time as mandated under UPI Circulars, subject to any change in the prescribed timeline in this regard. However, we cannot assure you that the trading in our Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining final listing and trading approvals may restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. 

# **_61. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

We have not declared dividend in the past. For further information, see _“Dividend Policy”_ on page 227 of this Red Herring Prospectus. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act. We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board in accordance with the dividend distribution policy as may be adopted by our Board from time to time and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our Company’s profitability, capital requirements, financial commitments and requirements, including business and Proposed Facility plans, applicable legal restrictions and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. Accordingly, realization of a gain on Shareholders’ 

70 

investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. 

# **<u>EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS</u>** 

# **_RISKS RELATING TO INDIA_** 

# **_62. A slowdown in economic growth in India could cause our business to suffer._** 

Our performance and the growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy or future volatility in global commodity prices could adversely affect our business. Additionally, an increase in trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. Global situations such as outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, full scale military invasion of Ukraine by Russia have caused a global economic downturn including in India. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could also adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

India’s economy could be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates or inflation, civil unrest, adverse weather conditions affecting agriculture, commodity and energy prices as well as various other factors. A slowdown in the Indian economy could adversely affect the policy of the GoI towards our industry, which may in turn adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to implement our business strategy. 

The Indian economy is also influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market conditions in Asia. A decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves and exchange rate fluctuations may also affect liquidity and interest rates in the Indian economy, which could adversely impact our financial condition. A loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies or any worldwide financial instability may adversely affect the Indian economy, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Further, other factors which may adversely affect the Indian economy are scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing of our Proposed Facility; volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies, like application of GST; political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; occurrence of natural or manmade disasters; infectious disease outbreaks or other serious public health concerns; prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; and other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India or its financial services sectors. 

**_63. “Pursuant to listing of the Equity Shares, we may be subject to pre-emptive surveillance measures like additional surveillance measure (“ASM”) and graded surveillance measures (“GSM”) by the Stock Exchanges in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard the interest of investors._** 

SEBI and Stock Exchanges in order to enhance market integrity and safeguard interest of investors, have been introducing various enhanced pre-emptive surveillance measures. The main objective of such measures is to alert and advice investors to be extra cautious while dealing in these securities and advice market participants to carry out necessary due diligence while dealing in these securities. Accordingly, SEBI and Stock Exchanges have provided for (a) GSM on securities where such trading price of such securities does not commensurate with financial health and fundamentals such as 

71 

earnings, book value, fixed assets, net-worth, price per equity multiple and market capitalization; and (b) ASM on securities with surveillance concerns based on objective parameters such as price and volume variation and volatility. On listing, we may be subject to general market conditions which may include significant price and volume fluctuations. The price of our Equity Shares may also fluctuate after the Offer due to several factors such as volatility in the Indian and global securities market, our profitability and performance, performance of our competitors, changes in the estimates of our performance or any other political or economic factor. The occurrence of any of the abovementioned factors may trigger the parameters identified by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges for placing securities under the GSM or ASM framework such as net worth and net fixed assets of securities, high low variation in securities, client concentration and close to close price variation. In the event our Equity Shares are covered under such pre-emptive surveillance measures implemented by SEBI and the Stock Exchanges, we may be subject to certain additional restrictions in relation to trading of our Equity Shares such as limiting trading frequency (for example, trading either allowed once in a week or a month) or freezing of price on upper side of trading which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Equity Shares or may in general cause disruptions in the development of an active market and trading for our Equity Shares.” 

# **_64. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia, Europe and elsewhere in the world in recent years has adversely affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. For example, the full scale military invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the subsequent sanctions placed on Russia by various countries has substantially affected the economic stability of the world and such volatility could impact our Company’s growth. In addition, the market price of oil has risen sharply since the commencement of hostilities in Ukraine, which may have an inflationary effect in India and other countries. A prolonged war or a protracted period of hostilities in the Ukraine may lead to global economic disturbances. 

In addition, the USA is one of India’s major trading partners and any possible slowdown in the American economy could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operation, and cash flows. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

72 

**_65. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters or outbreak of global pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, infectious disease outbreaks such as the COVID-19 pandemic and manmade disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war in India or globally, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine following Russia’s fullscale military invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, volatility in interest rates, volatility in commodity and energy prices, an increase in oil prices, a loss of investor confidence in other emerging market economies and other political and economic development may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

**_66. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which investors may be more familiar with and may consider material to their assessment of our financial condition._** 

Our Restated Financial Statements as at and for the financial year ended March 31, 2023 have been derived from our audited financial statements as at and for the financial year ended March 31, 2023 prepared in accordance with Ind AS. Our Restated Financial Statements as at and for the financial year ended March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 have been derived from our audited financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2022 and standalone audited financial statements as at and for the years ended March 31, 2021 prepared in accordance with Accounting Standards and restated in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the ICAI Guidance Note. 

Ind AS differs in certain significant respects from Indian GAAP, IFRS, U.S. GAAP and other accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. If our Restated Financial Statements were to be prepared in accordance with such other accounting principles, our results of operations, cash flows and financial position may be substantially different. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP, IFRS or any other system of accounting principles on the financial data included in this Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP, IFRS or any other accounting principles. Prospective investors should review the accounting policies applied in the preparation of our Restated Financial Statements and consult their own professional advisers for an understanding of the differences between these accounting principles and those with which they may be more familiar. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

**_67. If there is any change in laws or regulations, including taxation laws, or their interpretation, such changes may significantly affect our financial statements._** 

Any change in Indian tax laws could have an effect on our operations. Any future amendments may affect our benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax-free bonds, and long-term capital gains on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

73 

In addition, we are subject to tax related inquiries and claims. We may be particularly affected by claims from tax authorities on account of income tax assessment, service tax, past claims of central excise, state VAT, and GST that combines taxes and levies by the central and state governments into one unified rate of interest with effect from July 1, 2017. For further information on litigations arising out of such claims, see _“Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments”_ beginning on page 329 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Further, the Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2023, pursuant to which the Finance Act, 2022 (“ **Finance Act** ”), wherein a few sections have become effective from April 01, 2022 and the remaining shall come into force as and when may be notified by the Central Government. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2022 may have on our business and operations or on the industry in which we operate. In addition, unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment laws governing our business, operations and group structure could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws or may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. 

Furthermore, the GoI has recently introduced (a) the Code on Wages, 2019; (b) the Code on Social Security, 2020; (c) the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020; and (d) the Industrial Relations Code, 2020 which consolidate, subsume and replace numerous existing central labour legislations. The rules for implementation under these codes have been notified, and we are determining the impact of these laws on our business and operations which may restrict our ability to grow our business in the future and increase our expenses. In another example, the GoI has made it mandatory for business establishments with turnover above a certain size to offer digital modes of payment from November 2019, with no charges being levied on the customers or the merchants by banks and payment service providers. Such measures could adversely impact our income streams in the future and adversely affect its financial performance. 

We cannot predict whether any new tax laws or regulations impacting our services will be enacted, what the nature and impact of the specific terms of any such laws or regulations will be or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have an adverse effect on our business. 

# **_68. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between nonresidents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements or falls under any of the exceptions referred to above, then a prior regulatory approval will be required. Further, unless specifically restricted, foreign investment is freely permitted in all sectors of the Indian economy up to any extent and without any prior approvals, but the foreign investor is required to follow certain prescribed procedures for making such investment. The RBI and the concerned ministries/ departments are responsible for granting approval for foreign investment. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. 

74 

In addition, pursuant to the Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020, issued by the DPIIT, which has been incorporated as the proviso to Rule 6(a) of the FEMA Rules, investments where the beneficial owner of the Equity Shares is situated in or is a citizen of a country which shares land border with India, can only be made through the Government approval route, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy dated October 15, 2020 and the FEMA Rules. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained with or without any particular terms or conditions or at all. 

We cannot assure investors that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms or at all. For further information, see _“Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities”_ on page 389 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **_69. A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. Going forward, the sovereign ratings outlook will remain dependent on whether the government is able to transition the economy into a high-growth environment, as well as exercise adequate fiscal restraint. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_70. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time taken for such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. Specifically, if there is a change in relative value of the Rupee to a foreign currency, each of the following values will also be affected: 

- a. the foreign currency equivalent of the Rupee trading price of the Company’s Equity Shares in India; 

- b. the foreign currency equivalent of the proceeds that you would receive upon the sale in India of any of the Company’s Equity Shares; and 

- c. the foreign currency equivalent of cash dividends, if any, on the Company’s Equity Shares, which will be paid only in Rupees. 

In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares outside India may reduce the proceeds received by Shareholders, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares. Another example would be that the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

75 

# **<u>RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUE AND THE EQUITY SHARES</u>** 

**_71. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby may suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer its holders of equity shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction where the investors are located in do does not permit them to exercise their pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, the investors will be unable to exercise their pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for the investor’s benefit. The value the custodian receives on the sale of such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. In addition, to the extent that the investors are unable to exercise pre-emption rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares held by them, their proportional interest in us would be reduced. 

**_72. Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and wide-spread as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as a shareholder of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

**_73. Any future issuance of Equity Shares may dilute your shareholding and sale of Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth, whether organic or inorganic, through future equity offerings. Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us (including under an employee benefit scheme) or disposal of our Equity Shares by the Promoters or any of our other principal shareholders or any other change in our shareholding structure to comply with minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India or any public perception regarding such issuance or sales may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that our existing shareholders including our Promoters will not dispose of further Equity Shares after the completion of the Issue (subject to provisions of the applicable laws) or pledge or encumber their Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of shareholder’s investment in the Equity Shares and adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Such securities may also be issued at prices below the Issue Price. We may also issue convertible debt securities to finance our future growth or fund our business activities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of our Equity Shares. 

**_74. Investors will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares they purchase in the Issue._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares 

76 

may commence. Investors’ book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Issue and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately five Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors’ ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

**_75. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under the current Indian tax laws and regulations, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“STT”) is levied both at the time of transfer and acquisition of the equity shares (unless exempted under a prescribed notification) and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realised on the sale of equity shares held for more than 12 months, which are sold using any other platform other than on a recognised stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, are subject to long term capital gains tax in India. Such long-term capital gains exceeding ₹ 100,000 arising from the sale of listed equity shares on the stock exchange are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess). Unrealized capital gains earned on listed equity shares up to January 31, 2018 continue to be tax exempt in such cases. Further, STT will be levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange if the equity shares are sold on a stock exchange. With respect to capital gains arising in an off-market sale, long term capital gains are subject to tax at the rate of 10% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) without the exemption of ₹ 100,000. Short-term capital gains, arising from the sale of such equity shares on a stock exchange would be subject to tax at the rate of 15% (plus applicable surcharge and cess), while short term capital gains arising in an off-market sale would be subject to tax at a higher rate of 40% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of foreign companies and 30% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) in the case of other non-resident taxpayers. 

The Finance Act, 2019 amended the Indian Stamp Act, 1899 with effect from July 1, 2020 and clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a nondelivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. As such, there is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2019 may have on our Company’s business and operations. 

Further, any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. In cases where the seller is a non-resident, capital gains arising from the sale of the equity shares will be partially or wholly exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Additionally, the Finance Act, 2020 does not require dividend distribution tax to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. Historically, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the equity shares. 

77 

Our Company cannot predict whether any tax laws or other regulations impacting it will be enacted, or predict the nature and impact of any such laws or regulations or whether, if at all, any laws or regulations would have a material adverse effect on our Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_76. The requirements of being a publicly listed company may strain our resources._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/ or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. Further, as a publicly listed company, we will need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

**_77. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded and may experience price and volume fluctuations following the completion of the Issue, an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price or at all._** 

Prior to the Issue, there has been no public market for our Equity Shares, and an active trading market may not develop or be sustained after the Issue. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for our Equity Shares will develop or, if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Issue Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book building process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described in the section “Basis for Issue Price” beginning on page 132 of this Red Herring Prospectus. This price may not necessarily be indicative of the market price of our Equity Shares after the Issue is completed. You may not be able to re-sell your Equity Shares at or above the Issue price and may as a result lose all or part of your investment. 

Our Equity Shares are expected to trade on NSE and BSE after the Issue, but there can be no assurance that active trading in our Equity Shares will develop after the Issue, or if such trading develops that it will continue. Investors may not be able to sell our Equity Shares at the quoted price if there is no active trading in our Equity Shares. 

There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and the trading price of our Equity Shares after this Issue could fluctuate significantly as a result of market volatility or due to various internal or external risks, including but not limited to those described in this Red Herring Prospectus. The market price of our Equity Shares may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

- the failure of security analysts to cover the Equity Shares after this Issue, or changes in the estimates of our performance by analysts; 

- the activities of competitors and suppliers; 

- future sales of the Equity Shares by us or our shareholders; 

- investor perception of us and the industry in which we operate; 

- our quarterly or annual earnings or those of our competitors; 

78 

- developments affecting fiscal, industrial or environmental regulations; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases and adverse media reports; and 

- general economic conditions. 

A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

# **_78. Future sales of Equity Shares by our Promoters may adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares._** 

After the completion of the Issue, our Promoters will own, directly, more than [●]% of our outstanding Equity Shares. Upon expiry of the lock-in period provided under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our Promoters will be eligible to sell part or all of the Equity Shares held by it. Future sales of a large number of the Equity Shares by our Promoters, either in one sale or over a series of sales, could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. Similarly, the perception that any such primary or secondary sale may occur could adversely affect the market price of the Equity Shares. No assurance may be given that our Promoters will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future, or that the market price of the Equity Shares will not be adversely affected by any such disposal, pledge or encumbrance of their Equity Shares. 

# **_79. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid amount) at any stage after submitting a bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after bid/ Issue closing date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to block the Bid amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of equity shares or the Bid amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Similarly, Retail Individual Investors can revise or withdraw their Bids at any time during the bid/ Issue period and until the Bid/ Issue closing date, but not thereafter. While we are required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment, within six Working Days from the Bid/ Issue Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by the SEBI, events affecting the Investors’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. We may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events may limit the Investors’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Issue or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. Therefore, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors will not be able to withdraw or lower their bids following adverse developments in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or otherwise between the dates of submission of their Bids and Allotment. 

79 

