## **SECTION II - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider all information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in the Equity Shares of the Company._ 

_If any or some combination of the following risks actually occur, our business, prospects, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations could suffer, the trading price of the Equity Shares of the Company could decline and prospective investors may lose all or part of their investment. Investors in the Equity Shares of the Company should pay particular attention to the fact that we are subject to regulations that may differ from one jurisdiction to other._ 

_We have described the risks and uncertainties that our management believes are material, but these risks and uncertainties may not be the only ones we face. Some risks may be unknown to us and other risks, currently believed to be immaterial, could be or become material. To obtain a complete understanding of our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with the sections “Our Business”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Financial Information” beginning on pages 131, 257 and 184, respectively. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of our business and the terms of the Offer, including the merits and risks involved. Prospective investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the consequences to them of an investment in the Equity Shares of the Company._ 

_This Draft Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements, which refer to future events that involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, which may cause the actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. See “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 15. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section. Unless otherwise stated and unless the context otherwise requires, the financial information used in this section is based on the Restated Consolidated Financial Statements derived from our audited consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with Ind AS or Ind AS 34, as applicable, specified under Section 133 of the Companies Act 2013, read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended and restated in accordance with the requirements of Section 26 of Part 1 of Chapter III of the Companies Act, the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on Reports in Company Prospectus (Revised 2019) (as amended) issued by the ICAI._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived and excerpted from the Industry Report (the “CRISIL Report”) prepared and released by CRISIL in September 2021, who we appointed on June 23, 2021 and which was paid for by us for the purposes of understanding the industry exclusively in connection with the Offer. Given the scope and extent of the CRISIL Report, disclosures are limited to certain excerpts and the CRISIL Report has not been reproduced in its entirety in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. There are no material parts, data or information, that have been left out or changed in any material manner. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the CRISIL Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant financial year._ 

_Our financial year commences on April 1 and ends on March 31 of the subsequent year, and references to a particular financial year are to the 12 months ended March 31 of that year. Financial information for the three months ended June 30, 2021 is not indicative of full year results of operations and is not comparable with the annual financial statements presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus._ 

## **INTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

## **Risk Related to Our Business** 

**_1. The COVID-19 pandemic or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our business and operations could be adversely affected by health epidemics, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, that affects the markets and communities in which we, our franchisees and suppliers operate, and our customers are located. 

27 

Since first being reported in December 2019, the outbreak of COVID-19 has spread globally and the virus has mutated several times, though the vaccines developed have generally reduced infection rates and fatalities. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency could have, repercussions across regional and global economies and financial markets. The outbreak of COVID-19 in many countries and regions, including India, has significantly and adversely impacted economic activity and has contributed to significant volatility and negative pressure in financial markets. The outbreak of COVID-19 may cause a prolonged global economic crisis, recession or depression, despite monetary and fiscal interventions by governments and central banks globally. 

The global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has been rapidly evolving and public health officials and governmental authorities have responded by taking measures, including in India, where a significant majority of our operations are based, such as prohibiting people from assembling in large numbers, instituting quarantines, restricting travel, issuing “stay-at-home” orders and restricting the types of businesses that may continue to operate, among many others. On March 14, 2020, India declared COVID-19 as a “notified disaster” for the purposes of the Disaster Management Act, 2005 and imposed a nationwide lockdown from March 25, 2020, which has also impacted business activities across the industry in which we operate. During that period, we took various precautionary measures to protect our employees and their families from COVID-19. The nationwide lockdown lasted until May 31, 2020, and has since been extended periodically in varying degrees by state governments and local administrations. The lifting of the lockdowns across various regions had been regulated with limited and progressive relaxations being granted for movement of goods and people in other places and calibrated re-opening of businesses and offices. Similarly, we resumed our business activities on a gradual basis in line with the prevailing guidelines issued by the governmental authorities at that time. During that period, we assessed the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business operations and considered all relevant internal and external information available up to March 31, 2020, in determination of the recoverability and carrying value of property, plant and equipment, goodwill, other intangible assets, and in relation to other financial statement captions. The impact of COVID-19 pandemic on the overall economic environment being uncertain at that time may have affected the underlying assumptions and estimates used in respect of our financial statements for the Financial Year 2020. 

Recently, from March 2021 onwards, due to a “second wave” of increases in the number of daily COVID-19 cases, several state governments in India re-imposed lockdowns, curfews and other restrictions to curb the spread of the virus. This “second wave” and its associated lockdowns have affected us in terms of reducing our sales, revenues and store expansion plans, as well as disrupting our supply chains. We have monitored and are monitoring the situation closely and is operating its activities with the required workforce as permitted by governmental authorities. As a result of the detection of new mutated strains and subsequent waves of COVID-19 infections in several states in India as well as throughout various parts of the world, it is anticipated that we may be subject to further reinstatements of lockdown protocols or other restrictions, which may adversely affect our business and operations. 

There remains significant uncertainty regarding the duration and long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as possible future responses by the Government of India, which makes it difficult for us to predict with certainty the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows in the future. 

However, the COVID-19 pandemic has affected and may continue to affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in a number of ways such as: 

- government measures related to the COVID-19 pandemic include restrictions on holding large-scale weddings and celebrations (including festivals), travel and business operations, and advising or requiring individuals to limit their time outside of their homes, thereby affecting customer demand for our products, resulting in a significant decrease in the number of customers that visit our physical stores to purchase our products, as well as a reduction in revenue from operations; our revenue from operations decreased from ₹ 9,155.49 million for the Financial Year 2020 to ₹ 5,648.16 million for the Financial Year 2021, while we continued to incur costs for operating and maintaining our offline retail presence (for stores where we are the tenant), such as rent, as well as other fixed expenses such as administrative expenses, office and warehouse maintenance expenses, employee costs and other fixed costs; 

- causing disruptions to our supply chains (such as our ability to procure raw materials), reducing our ability to fulfil orders in a timely manner, disrupting the efficient operation of our warehouses and jobbers’ manufacturing operations, affecting the ability of our delivery partners to make deliveries or of 

28 

our sellers to initiate the delivery due to various restrictive measures imposed by governmental authorities; 

- our stores, our office and our warehouse were not operating during the lockdowns, or were operating under the applicable restrictions, which included modifying our operations and adjusting our services; for example, our fulfilment and delivery operations require social distancing measures and system-wide use of personal protective equipment; shopping malls, in which certain of the franchisee-owned exclusive brand outlets (“ **EBO** ”) or LFSs that sell our products were operating, were also closed during the lockdowns and operating under restrictions as imposed thereafter; and 

- disruptions to our expansion plans, including for opening new stores, due to lockdowns and restrictions, as well as the poor economic environment and consumer confidence. 

Our management has made an initial assessment, based on the current situation of the likely impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the overall economic environment and us, in particular, and based on which it does not expect further reduction in demand of our products and any challenge in our ability to continue as a going concern or meeting our financial obligations or in the recoverability and carrying value of our property, plant and equipment, goodwill, other intangible assets, and other financial statement captions. The above evaluations are based on information available till date, which is very dynamic and subject to uncertainties that the COVID-19 pandemic might pose on economic recovery. 

Our Statutory Auditor has included emphasis of matter in their reports on our Ind AS consolidated financial statements for Financial Years 2020 and 2021, as well as for the three months ended June 30, 2021, in relation to possible consequential implications on our operations on account of COVID-19, which did not give rise to modifications. We cannot assure you that our Statutory Auditor’s observations for any future fiscal period will not contain a similar emphasis of matter in the report on our financial statements and that such matter will not otherwise affect our results of operations. 

The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic, or any future pandemic or widespread public health emergency, impacts our business, financial condition and results of operations is uncertain. Such effects will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict, including the scope, severity, and duration of the pandemic; actions taken by governments, businesses and individuals in response to the pandemic; the effect on customer demand for and ability to pay for our products; the impact on our capital expenditure and product development projects; disruptions or restrictions on our employees’, franchisees’, jobbers’ and suppliers’ ability to work, operate and travel as well as their business continuity plans; and any extended period of remote work arrangements. While we do not expect significant further reductions in the demand of our products, we continue to closely monitor developments relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and the effects they have on future economic conditions and on our business and operations closely. Any intensification of the COVID-19 pandemic or any future outbreak of another highly infectious or contagious disease may materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Further, as much as COVID-19 adversely affects our business and results of operations, it may also have the effect of exacerbating many other risks described in this “ _Risk Factors_ ” section, such as “ _– Internal Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Business – Any failure to procure adequate amounts of raw materials, finished goods, accessories and packing materials of the requisite quality at competitive prices in a timely manner may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._ ” on page 35. See also “ – _Management’s Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Significant Factors Affecting our Results of Operations_ – _Current COVID-19 Pandemic_ ” on page 263. 

**_2. Our business is highly concentrated on Indian wedding and celebration wear and vulnerable to changes in consumer preferences which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our business is currently highly concentrated on a single discretionary product category – Indian wedding and celebration wear. Our sales of Indian wedding and celebration wear are dependent on a number of factors, and may decline as a result of increased competition, regulatory action, pricing pressures or fluctuations in the demand for or supply of our products and other factors outside our control. In particular, our business is characterized by rapidly-changing customer preferences. Our results of operations are dependent on our ability to attract customers by anticipating, gauging and responding to such changes in customer preferences, and design new attires and accessories or modify our existing products in line with changes in fashion trends 

29 

as well as customer demands and preferences. For our mid-premium and premium celebration wear brands in particular, we believe that continued increases in their sales largely depend on customers continuing to demand superior quality of products. The number of customers demanding mid-premium and premium Indian wedding and celebration wear may not continue to increase, or our customers may not consider our premium celebration wear preferable to the alternatives. In the longer term, consumer attitudes towards Indian wedding and celebration wear may change, such as the younger generations of people in India becoming less likely to purchase and wear Indian wedding and celebration wear, or host the types of weddings, celebrations and other functions at which such celebration wear are worn, leading to decreased demand for our products. If we are unable to anticipate, gauge and respond to changing customer preferences or fashion trends, or if we are unable to adapt to such changes by modifying our existing products or launch new products on a timely basis, we may lose or fail to attract customers. A decline in demand for our products or a misjudgment on our part could lead to increased market acceptance of our competitors’ products or may result in the substitution of our products in the market, which could lead to us having lower sales and excess inventories. This may render us unable to support new growth platforms and cause a decline in our revenues and profits, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

**_3. Our business prospects depend on the strength of our key brands, and any failure to maintain or grow sales of our products could adversely affect our business._** 

We have three distinctive brands in the men’s ethnic and celebration wear market, Manyavar, Twamev and Manthan, a women’s ethnic and celebration wear brand, Mohey, as well as a regional heritage brand catering to the entire family, Mebaz. Our brand names, images and recognition are key factors in customers’ decisionmaking of purchasing ethnic and celebration wear, and thus are critical to maintaining and expanding our customer base. We have leveraged the strength and image of our brands to grow and scale our operations. By owning multiple brands catering to the Indian wedding and celebration wear market and operating each brand within the same omni-channel network, we are able to up-sell and cross-sell our products through our existing retail channels. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully maintain or enhance the recognition and reputation of any of our brands and any inability to do so may adversely affect our business and competitiveness. 

Among our existing brands, a significant portion of the Sales of our Customers is derived from the sale of products under our Manyavar brand. Our Manyavar brand contributed to ₹ 9,354 million, ₹ 10,357 million, ₹ 7,041 million and ₹ 1,928 million, representing 82.38%, 81.86%, 84.20% and 84.57% of the Sales of our Customers for the Financial Years 2019, 2020 and 2021 and the three months ended June 30, 2021, respectively. Additionally, we rely on the strong brand recall and established presence of our Manyavar brand to introduce our customers to our emerging brands such as Twamev and Mohey. While our other brands have experienced growth, if the brand image, reputation or brand recall of our Manyavar brand weakens, or our Manyavar brand experiences reduced sales for any reason, including the aforementioned risks, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

We intend to continue to enhance the brand recall of our attires and accessories through the expansion of our footprint of our franchisee-owned EBOs, multi-brand outlets (“ **MBOs** ”) and large format stores (“ **LFSs** ”) as well as the use of targeted marketing initiatives such as digital and social media marketing campaigns, television, advertisements in multiplexes, billboards and live events. Our marketing strategies rely on subtle, underlying core messages based on shared values and are focused on traditional Indian values and cultures. Our messages are contained in distinctive marketing, advertising and customer engagement initiatives. In particular, part of our brand-building is also, and continues to be, driven by celebrity endorsements. In this regard, our relationships with our celebrity endorsees may be discontinued on account of various factors, including endorsing our competitor brands, which may impact our brand recognition. Many factors, some of which are beyond our control, are important in maintaining and enhancing our brand recall, including maintaining or improving customer satisfaction and the popularity of our products and increasing brand awareness through brand building initiatives, especially with respect to our emerging brands, the new products we launch or in geographic markets where we intend to expand our operations. Maintaining and enhancing our brands may require us to make substantial investments and incur substantial expenses in many areas including product design, marketing, advertising, e-commerce, community relations and employee training. For the Financial Years 2019, 2020 and 2021 and the three months ended June 30, 2021, our advertisement, publicity and sales promotion expenses were ₹ 666.67 million, ₹ 693.52 million, ₹ 272.15 million and ₹ 38.40 million, or 8.33%, 7.57%, 4.82% and 2.40% of our revenue from operations, respectively. 

Our investments in marketing our brands may not be successful, and our results of operations would also suffer if such investments and initiatives are not appropriately timed with market opportunities or are not 

30 

effectively brought to market. We anticipate that, as our business continues to expand through entering new markets and launching new designs and attires, and as the market becomes increasingly competitive, maintaining and enhancing our brands may continue to take significant effort and be a significant cost for us. Consumers in new markets may be less compelled by our brand image as compared to consumers in our existing markets, and thus may be less willing to purchase our products. If our marketing initiatives fail to yield the intended results, or we fail to maintain or enhance our brand recognition and reputation or increase positive awareness of our products, or the quality of our products declines, our business and prospects may be adversely affected. 

Our brands may also be adversely affected if our public image or reputation is tarnished by negative publicity. In addition, ineffective marketing, product diversion to unauthorized distribution channels, product defects, counterfeit products, unfair labor practices, failure to protect the intellectual property rights in our brand and other factors may threaten the strength of our brands and could rapidly and severely diminish consumer confidence in us. Maintaining and enhancing our brands will depend largely on our ability to retain our leadership position in the Indian wedding and celebration wear market, and that our range of products is of a high quality. We cannot assure you that the quality of our products will be maintained or enhanced. For our retail stores, we have established certain quality control policies, but as the majority of our franchisee-owned EBOs and all of our MBOs and LFSs are operated by franchisees and third-parties, we have limited control over their actions and practices. If these franchisees or third-parties fail to perform their obligations under their relevant agreements with us, take inappropriate, uncivil or other actions damaging our brand and reputation, deal improperly with customers or fail to comply with our policies and procedures and relevant laws and regulations with respect to the operations of the stores, this could adversely affect our reputation and sales. Any of the above factors could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_4. If any new products or brands that we launch are not as successful as we anticipate, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected._** 

Through our brands, Mohey, Twamev and Manthan, we continue to introduce a wide range of attires and accessories in the Indian wedding and celebration wear market. These also include lehenga and sarees under our Mohey brand, premium offerings for men under our Twamev brand, as well as value offerings for men under our Manthan brand. To expand our product range and price spectrums, we intend to grow our three emerging brands, and may also launch additional brands. However, we cannot assure you that any new products or brands that we develop or launch will accurately reflect the prevailing fashion trends or be wellreceived by our customers and the market, within the anticipated timeframe or at all, or that we will be able to recover costs incurred in developing these products and brands, or earn adequate profits and profit margins. If any of our Mohey, Twamev and Manthan brands, or the products and brands that we may launch in the future are not as successful in gaining market acceptance as we anticipate, our brand image and reputation may be affected, contrary to our projections or future growth expectations, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, the launch of any new brands or any future expansion to our product offerings may place a strain on our management, operational and financial resources, as well as our information systems, which could also adversely affect our business. 

**_5. A significant portion of the Sales of our Customers are by our franchisee-owned EBOs. Our inability to maintain, renew or enhance relationships with our franchisees could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

A majority of our Company’s EBOs are owned and operated by our franchisees, and such franchisee-owned EBOs’ contribute to a significant portion of our sales. As of June 30, 2021, we have over 300 franchisees and a total of 537 EBOs (including 55 shop-in-shops and 12 international stores) globally, spread over an aggregate retail floor space of approximately 1.1 million square feet in 207 cities and towns in India and eight cities internationally. In Financial Years 2019, 2020 and 2021 and the three months ended June 30, 2021, 92.20%, 91.14%, 90.14% and 87.79% of the Sales of our Customers, respectively, was generated by our franchisee-owned EBOs. As of June 30, 2021, 70% of our franchisees have been with us for three or more years. 

Our sales derived from franchisee-owned EBOs depend on our ability to retain existing and attract new franchisees on terms acceptable to us. Our agreements with our franchisees are renewable on terms mutually agreed between the franchisee and us. With each franchisee, we typically enter into one of two possible types of arrangements, where: either (i) the franchisee is responsible for all of the store-related costs; or (ii) we are responsible for the rental expenses of the EBO, but not other store-related costs. See “ _Our Business — Our EBO distribution model_ ” on page 136. For the latter type of arrangement, an increase in the rental costs may 

31 

render the EBO and franchise agreement unprofitable for us, and we may seek to close the EBO and terminate the franchise agreement. Though our ability to terminate our arrangements with certain franchisees and close the relevant EBOs may be limited by the terms of our agreements with them. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully renew our existing franchise agreements upon expiry, on acceptable terms or at all. Furthermore, if we fail to maintain our relationships with our existing franchisees and are unable to attract new franchisees, or if we elect to terminate the relationships with one or more of our franchisees as a result of their breach of our franchise agreements, our ability to effectively sell our products in a given region could be negatively impacted, adversely affecting our results of operations and brand image in that particular region. If a franchisee is unable to pay for the quantity and price of inventory they have purchased from us, or is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, we may also terminate the franchise agreement with them. Our inability to find suitable replacements may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. 

For our franchisee-owned EBOs, certain franchisees contribute significantly to our total sales of products. Our top five franchisees by revenues accounted for 36%, 33%, 27% and 28% of Sale of our Customers for the Financial Years 2019, 2020 and 2021 and the three months ended June 30, 2021, respectively. The loss of any of our key franchisees may have an adverse effect on our sales and consequently on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Lastly, our business model entails that we and our franchisee-owned EBOs aim to deliver an aristocratic yet seamless purchase experience to our customers through aesthetic franchisee-owned exclusive brand stores. While we focus on ensuring that such an enhanced retail experience is provided to our customers, we cannot assure you that each EBO will consistently be able to provide such an experience, and the lack of such quality service could adversely affect our brands and business. 

**_6. Other than designing of our products, we rely on outsourcing a significant proportion of our production processes and activities to third-parties, without exclusivity arrangements. Any inability to obtain sufficient quantities of attires and accessories of the requisite quality in a timely manner and at acceptable prices, or a slowdown, shutdown or disruption in such third parties’ operations and performance, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

For a large portion of our attires and accessories, we engage third-party manufacturers (“ **jobbers** ”) to manufacture such products on our behalf. These jobbers perform the different stages of the manufacturing process, including cutting, embroidery, stitching and finishing, with the final products sold by us under our brands. We rely on our jobbers and vendors to provide us with an uninterrupted supply of our products. However, we cannot assure you that they may do so in a timely manner, or if at all. While we have long-term relationships with certain major jobbers and many of our jobbers only work for us, they may decide not to accept our future orders on the same or similar terms, or at all. We may face the risk of our competitors offering them better terms, which may cause them to cater to our competitors alongside, or even instead of us. They may discontinue their work on short notice and our production process may be stalled or hindered due to this. Conversely, due to increased customer demand for our products, we may need to obtain more products from more jobbers, and any inability to do so may render us unable to execute our growth strategy. Additionally, our jobbers’ manufacturing facilities may be subject to operating risks, such as performance below expected levels of efficiency, excessive wastage of raw materials, delays in production of attires and accessories, decrease in quality of products made, labor disputes, natural disasters, industrial accidents, interruptions in power supply and statutory and regulatory restrictions. Any non-compliance by our jobbers with the applicable laws which may result in a shutdown of their facilities, could result in the delay or non-availability of the delivery of our products, as well as negative publicity which in turn may adversely affect our brand image. Lost sales or increased costs arising from such disruptions may not be recoverable under our existing insurance policies. See “ _— Internal Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or adequate to cover our losses or liabilities. If we suffer a large uninsured loss or if we suffer an insured loss that significantly exceeds our insurance coverage, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected_ ” on page 47 and “ _Our Business — Insurance_ ” on page 149. Additionally, prolonged business disruptions could result in a loss of customers. If we are unable to make available our products in a prompt manner across our stores across India, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

In addition, while we visit certain jobbers’ manufacturing locations to inspect their production process as part of our quality control policies, we cannot ensure that the products they supply us will be of satisfactory quality and adhere to our quality control policies and guidelines. See “— _Internal Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Any failure in our quality control processes may damage our reputation, and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may face reputational harm or proceedings if_ 

32 

_the quality of our products does not meet our customers’ expectations._ ” on page 34. Any defects in the products they supply could expose us to product liability or damage our reputation and reduce demand for our products. If our jobbers perform unsatisfactorily, substantially reduce their volume of supply, substantially increase their prices or terminate their business relationship with us, the cost and time required to manufacture our products would increase. We may also need to replace jobbers or take other remedial actions. Any deficiency in the quality of products that our jobbers supply to us may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, we provide the designs of our products to our jobbers and vendors at various stages of the design and manufacturing process. As we do not have direct operational control over our jobbers, if any of them are involved in unauthorized production using our designs or our brands, or other misappropriation of trade secrets, our reputation, business and result of operations may be adversely affected. 

We rely upon third-party logistics providers at various stages of our supply chain, such as transporting materials from our suppliers to our warehouse, and finished attires and accessories from our warehouses to our stores or directly to buyers. Our suppliers are responsible for the former, whereas we are responsible for the latter. Our reliance on such third-party logistics providers may increase as we expand our retail operations and warehouses. We cannot assure you that third-party logistics providers will be able to fulfil their obligations under such agreements entirely, in a manner acceptable to us, or at all. They may be affected by transport strikes, labour shortages or labour disagreements in the transportation or logistics industry or long term disruption in the national and international transport infrastructures, which may affect our delivery schedules. If we are unable to secure alternate transport arrangements in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_7. Our inability to identify and retain skilled third-party suppliers, vendors and manufacturers for various parts of our production or procurement processes may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We outsource various parts of our production processes to jobbers, obtain finished products from vendors, and procure raw materials from suppliers. See “ _— Internal Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Other than designing of our products, we rely on outsourcing a significant proportion of our production processes and activities to third-parties, without exclusivity arrangements. Any inability to obtain sufficient quantities of attires and accessories of the requisite quality in a timely manner and at acceptable prices, or a slowdown, shutdown or disruption in such third parties’ operations and performance, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._ ” on page 32. In this regard, the success of our outsourced processes depends heavily on the consistency and reliability of our third-party suppliers’ and contractors’ performance. We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify and retain such third-party suppliers and manufacturers in a timely manner and on terms favorable to us. Conversely, the acts of the third-party suppliers or contractors we retain may expose us to loss, damage or liability. See “ _— Internal Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Any failure in our quality control processes may damage our reputation, and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may face reputational harm or proceedings if the quality of our products does not meet our customers’ expectations._ ” on page 34. If the scale of our business operations expands, or we enter into new markets, we may need to engage new third-party suppliers, vendors and manufacturers, with whom we may be unfamiliar. Our inability to identify and retain third-party suppliers and manufacturers could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_8. Our warehouse, factory and a majority of our jobbers are exclusively based in a single geographical region. This may expose our manufacturing processes and our supply chain to regional risks, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Our warehouse, factory and a majority of our jobbers are exclusively based in a single geographical region in and around Kolkata, India, and we depend on our jobbers for a significant portion of the manufacturing processes of our products. Our warehouse acts as a facility for storage and onward delivery of our merchandise across the country. The geographical concentration of our warehouse, factory and our jobbers renders our operations more susceptible to regional risks and any adverse changes and events occurring in or around the region. Adverse changes and events that may impact our operations may include disruptions to infrastructure and services (such as supplies, transportation and utilities for our facilities), significant natural disasters and man-made incidents, political agitations and workforce disruptions, as well as changes in the general economic conditions, the regulatory environment and local government policies. In particular, incidents of fire, damage to, or inability to access, our warehouse, our factory or manufacturing facilities of 

33 

our jobbers, or other issues preventing the normal operation of those facilities could hinder the manufacturing or distribution of our products. In such case, we may need to utilize alternative facilities to manufacture our products. However, we may not be able to do so in a timely manner, or at all. While we have not experienced any such disruptions in the past, we cannot assure you that we will be able to effectively manage any potential losses arising from any such events, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. See also “– _Internal Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Business – Other than designing of our products, we rely on outsourcing a significant proportion of our production processes and activities to third-parties, without exclusivity arrangements. Any inability to obtain sufficient quantities of attires and accessories of the requisite quality in a timely manner and at acceptable prices, or a slowdown, shutdown or disruption in such third parties’ operations and performance, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition_ .” and “– _Internal Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Business – Our operations could be adversely affected by labour shortages, strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees or any other kind of disputes with our employees._ ” on pages 32 and 34 respectively. 

**_9. Any failure in our quality control processes may damage our reputation, and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may face reputational harm or proceedings if the quality of our products does not meet our customers’ expectations._** 

Our products may contain quality issues or undetected errors or defects, especially when first introduced or when new products are developed, resulting from manufacturing defects and negligence in storage or handling of our products or other raw materials. We set internal quality standards, including consistent definitions of defects to be detected. Our dedicated quality control teams perform quality control processes for raw materials such as fabrics and finished goods, which we track, including regular inspections of our jobbers and before our products leave our warehouse. However, given the high volume of raw materials and scale of production of finished goods, we are not able to inspect every single item or all of our jobbers locations, and may rely instead on selective methods such as sampling. We cannot assure you that our quality standards will be adhered to, and if they are not, that our quality control processes and inspections will accurately detect all deficiencies in the quality of our products at all times before such products reach the customers. We have, from time to time, due to quality defects, exchanged or accepted returns of products sold to our customers, or otherwise, in accordance with our exchange and returns policy. In the event the quality of our products is not in accordance with our standards or our products are defective, our customers may return our products, we may be required to recall or exchange such products at additional cost to us and our reputation may be impacted. 

Any deficiencies in the quality of our products may cause adverse reactions to users of such products, such as inflammation of skin. This may expose us to product liability claims and legal proceedings brought against us by various entities, including customers, EBOs, MBOs, LFSs and online retailers. We cannot assure you that we will not experience any material product liability losses in the future or that we will not incur significant costs to defend any such claims. See “ _— Internal Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or adequate to cover our losses or liabilities. If we suffer a large uninsured loss or if we suffer an insured loss that significantly exceeds our insurance coverage, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected_ ” on page . Product liability claims, successful or otherwise, may adversely affect our reputation, brand image and sales. Our inability to avoid or defend product liability claims may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_10. Our operations could be adversely affected by labour shortages, strikes, work stoppages or increased wage demands by our employees or any other kind of disputes with our employees._** 

Our operations and supply chain could be adversely affected by labour shortages, increased labour costs or work stoppages by our employees, those of our franchisees, our jobbers and our suppliers. We believe that such personnel are critical to maintaining our competitive position. In the event of labour shortages, we, our franchisees, our jobbers and our suppliers may have difficulties recruiting or retaining employees or may cause us to incur additional costs and result in delays or disruption to our production and sales. Any failure to attract qualified personnel at reasonable cost and in a timely manner could reduce our competitive advantages relative to our competitors and undermine our ability to expand. To sustain our operations and relations with our jobbers and vendors, we may need to increase the wages paid to them, and as we do not maintain long-term fixed-price contracts with our jobbers or suppliers, the price we pay for their services may increase due to increased labour costs incurred by them. If we are not able to pass on the increased labour costs to our customers, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

34 

Any labour unrest directed against us, our franchisees, our jobbers or our suppliers could directly or indirectly prevent or hinder our normal operating activities (including at our warehouse) and we cannot assure you that any disruptions in work due to strikes, wage disputes or other problems with the work force will not arise in the future. Further, the imposition of new laws, rules and regulations in such area could also adversely affect our operations. These actions are very difficult for us to predict or control and any such event could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_11. Our business depends on the timely and continual purchases of and payments for our products by our franchisee and retailing vendors, both in the short and long term. Their delay or failure to do so may adversely impact our business, cash flows and results of operations._** 

We sell our finished goods to our franchisee-owned EBOs, MBOs and LFSs, who then sell the products to end-consumers. As we derive a significant proportion of our sale of products from our franchisee-owned EBOs, we depend on them being able to continue selling our products in the requisite quantities, at the stipulated prices and in a timely manner. We extend credit to our franchisee-owned EBOs, MBOs and LFSs in respect of products sales, and thus face the risk of uncertainty in receiving outstanding amounts. We have credit periods for both our franchisee-owned EBOs and MBOs and LFSs. We cannot assure you that we would be able to accurately assess the creditworthiness of our franchisee and retailing vendors. Further, macroeconomic conditions, which are beyond our control, could also result in financial difficulties for our franchisee and retailing vendors, including limited access to the credit markets, insolvency or bankruptcy. Limited consumer demand may also impact their cash flows and ability to purchase products from us. See “— _Internal Risk Factors — Our growth and profitability depend on the level of consumer confidence and spending in India and the other jurisdictions in which we operate._ ” on page 38. Such conditions could cause our counterparties to delay payment, request modifications to their payment terms, or default on their payment obligations to us, all of which could increase our trade receivables and/or write-offs of trade receivables, as well as our cash flows. If our franchisee and retailing vendors are unable to purchase our finished products, or are unable to pay us at all or in a timely manner, our cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Further, our franchisee-owned EBOs, MBOs and LFSs have access to confidential information relating to our business model and strategy and customer information in connection with all sales made by them. While the agreements and arrangements (as applicable) we have with such franchisee and retailing vendors generally provide for protection of confidential information, we cannot assure you that such vendors will comply with the terms of such agreements and arrangements and keep such information confidential. While we may be entitled to legal recourse against our franchisees, stores and vendors under such agreements for breaches of confidentiality, any such non-compliance by the franchisee and retailing vendors may be costly or irreversible and adversely affecting our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

**_12. Any failure to procure adequate amounts of raw materials, finished goods, accessories and packing materials of the requisite quality at competitive prices in a timely manner may adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

We depend on third-party suppliers for raw materials used in the manufacture of our products and for finished goods, accessories and packing materials for our products. Our manufacturing operations require a sufficient and stable supply of raw materials. However, the amount of raw materials we procure may fluctuate from time to time. Although we have a portal which sends out our purchase orders to all our raw materials suppliers, they may, individually or collectively, fail to provide us with the amounts of raw materials that we need. Such failure may result from disruptions of their manufacturing operations or supply and transportation chains, financial hardships, or losses, damage or delays due to accidents and natural disasters. We may experience reductions or interruptions in the supply of raw materials, and abrupt increases in raw materials and their transportation prices. We may be unable to procure sufficient quantities of raw materials, or find alternate sources for their procurement, which may lead to the slowdown, shut-down or under-utilization of our and our jobbers’ manufacturing operations and facilities. In addition, we also procure finished products from our suppliers, and an inability to obtain adequate finished goods of the requisite quality may adversely affect our sales. 

Further, we also cannot assure you that we will always be able to meet our raw material requirements at prices acceptable to us, or at all. Our cost of raw materials is affected by the price volatility of raw materials used to make them, which is caused by various factors outside of our control, including commodity market fluctuations, the quality and availability of supply, currency fluctuations, consumer demand and changes in government policies, rules and regulations. If demand for such raw materials exceeds supply, our suppliers 

35 

may increase the prices they charge us. If the price of raw materials increases, our product costs will also correspondingly increase, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to increase the price of our products to offset such costs. 

While we have quality control process in place at the point of receipt of the raw material, due to the high frequency and large amounts of raw materials received, as well as the difficulty in detecting defects until later stages of manufacturing such as the cutting process, we cannot assure you that we will be able to detect all defects in and maintain high quality standards of the raw materials that our third-party suppliers provide us. See “— _Internal Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business —  Any failure in our quality control processes may damage our reputation, and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may face reputational harm or proceedings if the quality of our products does not meet our customers’ expectations_ ” on page 34. Our inability to obtain adequate supplies of our raw materials that meet our quality standards, at acceptable prices and in a timely manner, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

As of June 30, 2021, we had over 399 vendors registered on our vendor portal from whom we have sourced fabrics and other materials. While we have established working relationships and contracts with many of our raw material suppliers, we do not have long-term contracts or exclusivity arrangements with any of them. If there are any decreases or disruptions in supply or increases in cost of one or more of our major suppliers, and we fail to find replacement suppliers on similar or favorable terms, or at all, our business, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

## **_13. Our inability to adapt, adopt or successfully execute existing and new technologies in our operations may adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

Our business model relies on the strength of our technology systems and our established systems and processes. Most of our business processes are system-driven with minimal manual intervention. Moreover, our entire supply chain and inventory management process is organized, data-based and algorithmically managed with every stage in our manufacturing and distribution chain being system-driven, including the procurement of raw materials, manufacturing (on an SKU-identifiable basis), warehouse inventory management, store replenishment and new store opening fill. For example, we have developed a digital order system, an independent vendor portal, and have adopted business analytical tools and modules for communication within our stores whereby our stores can place orders for any products not in stock and requested by our customers (POS order management module and _Sansar_ application). See “ _Our Business – Technology-based strong supply chain and inventory replenishment systems driven by systemwide data analytics, strong processes and longstanding vendor relationships_ ” on page 137. The size and complexity of our computer systems make them potentially vulnerable to breakdown, malicious intrusion and computer viruses. Although to date we have not experienced a major disruption in our operations due to failure of or attack on such systems, we cannot assure you that we will not encounter such events or disruptions in the future, and any such event or disruption may adversely affect our business. Any such event or disruption may result in the loss of key information and disruption of production and business processes, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by employees or others that may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. Such data security breaches could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the public exposure of personal information (including sensitive personal information) of our employees, customers and others. Any such security breaches could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations. 

Our business undergoes changes, with the frequent introduction of new products and designs and changes in prices. Although we strive to maintain and upgrade our technologies and facilities in line with current international standards, we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully make timely and cost effective enhancements and additions to our technological infrastructure, keep up with technological improvements in order to meet our customers’ needs or that the technology developed by competitors will not render our products less competitive or attractive. The cost of implementing new technologies for our operations could be significant, and changes in technology may render our current technologies obsolete or require us to make substantial capital investments, and could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

36 

**_14. Pricing pressure from our competitors may affect our ability to maintain or increase our product prices and, in turn, our revenue from product sales, gross margin and profitability, which may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We have uniform pricing across our brands for all sales made in India with no discounts or end of season sales for our Manyavar brand. Our franchisee EBOs, MBOs and LFSs have no control over the price points of our products. In contrast, pricing pressure from competitors may manifest in various forms, including, among others, through our competitors lowering their prices for similar products. Pricing pressure from our customers may lead to a decrease in our revenues and profits. Moreover, if our franchisees, MBOs and LFSs fail to follow our retail price stipulations, our brand value and the public perception of our brand positioning could be negatively affected. We may seek to reduce the price of our raw materials and production through negotiations with our suppliers and our jobbers, respectively, and streamline product designs. We cannot assure you that we will be able to avoid future pricing pressure from our competitors or offset the impact of any price reductions through continued technological improvements, improved operational efficiencies, costeffective sourcing alternatives, new manufacturing processes, or other cost reductions through other productivity initiatives. If we were to face pricing pressure from our competitors, and the aforementioned measures or other steps we take fail to maintain or increase our margins and revenues from product sales, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

**_15. Our business depends on the organization of weddings, festivals and other ethnic celebrations, and may be affected by seasonal variations, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Sales demand for our Indian wedding and celebration wear is dependent on the frequency and volume with which weddings, festivals and other celebrations are organized. We are impacted by seasonal variations, which may cause our revenues to vary between different quarters in a financial year. Seasonal variations include the peak wedding season in India as well as other celebrations and festival events. Therefore, our results of operations and cash flows across quarters in a financial year may not be comparable and any such comparisons may not be meaningful, or may not be indicative of our annual financial results or our results in any future quarters or periods. 

**_16. Our industry is competitive in both the offline and the rapidly-growing online channels, with the potential to adversely affect our pricing ability and disrupt our sales. Our inability to compete effectively may adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

The celebration wear industry in India is competitive, with several regional brands and unorganized retailers present in local markets across the country. The Indian celebration wear industry has been a highly unorganized market _(Source: CRISIL Report)_ . Our products compete with local retailers, non-branded products, economy brands and products of other established brands. In the future, some of our competitors may develop alliances to compete against us, acquire greater resources, market presence and geographic reach, as well as develop products with better brand recognition than ours. Some of our competitors may be able to procure raw materials or finished products at lower costs than us, and consequently be able to sell their products at lower prices. As a result, our competitors may be able to withstand industry downturns better than us or sell their products at more competitive prices. 

We also compete with online retailers. Over the last few years, India has witnessed the emergence and growth of the e-commerce industry, and the market penetration of online retail in India is likely to continue to increase, according to the CRISIL Report. We operate an omni-channel network supported by a seamless integration between our online and offline channels. Our online channel comprises our individual brand websites and mobile phone application, which are operated by our subsidiary, Manyavar Creations Private Limited, as well as lateral portals. For the Financial Years 2019, 2020 and 2021 and the three months ended June 30, 2021, 0.73%, 1.00%, 2.23% and 4.97% of the total Sales of our Customers, respectively, was generated through the online channel. While we believe that online retailers provide us with an opportunity to increase the visibility of our brands and an opportunity to improve our supply chain efficiencies, they may continue to gain market share and thus increase their relative negotiating power. We cannot assure you that we will be able to negotiate agreements with such online retailers on terms favorable to us or at all, such as in relation to margin or credit terms. Further, our competitors may be able to negotiate better or more favorable terms with such online retailers. Any inability on our part to further develop our own brand websites or enter into agreements with online retailers on terms favorable to us may have an adverse effect on our pricing, and our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

37 

Additionally, online retailers may sell multiple brands of ethnic wear other than ours on their platforms, possibly including similar products at discounted prices, enhancing customers’ comparisons of products and prices between our brands and other brands. We cannot assure you that customers of online retailers will continue to prefer our ethnic wear over our competitors’. While we believe that our customers are attracted by our brands and/or in-store experience, our customers may prefer other brands sold by online retailers over our brands available online or through our offline channels. If the number of customers, that choose other brands sold by online retailers instead of our online or offline channels, increases substantially, our online business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Consequently, we cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against our existing or potential competitors, or that our business and results of operations will not be adversely affected by increased competition in the offline and online channels. Our competitors may significantly increase their advertising expenses to promote their brands and products, which may require us to similarly increase our advertising, publicity and sales promotion expenses and engage in effective pricing strategies, which may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. See “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 100. 

**_17. If we are unable to accurately identify customer demand and maintain an optimal level of inventory in our stores, our business, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected._** 

The success of our business depends upon our ability to anticipate and forecast customer demand and trends. We plan our inventory and commence our design process prior to launch and estimate our sales based on the forecasted demand for the forthcoming period. We have inventory manufactured or procured and stored at our warehouses ahead of each upcoming season. We also order raw materials in advance for manufacturing of attires and accessories. While we aim to accurately forecast the demand for our products and avoid understocking and over-stocking, our estimates and forecasts may not always be accurate. Our sales to our franchisees may not be reflective of actual sales trends to end-consumers, and we may not be able to gather, in a timely manner, sufficient information regarding the market acceptance of our products and customers’ preferences in relation to our products. Failure to effectively monitor and accurately track inventory levels and sales of our franchisees or gather timely market information may cause us to incorrectly predict sales trends and impede our ability to quickly realign our marketing and product strategies to respond to market changes. Internally, our omni-channel system notifies us which stores are experiencing high or low demand of certain products and enables us to move products between stores or from our warehouse. However, if we under-stock inventory across the board, our ability to meet customer demand may be adversely affected. If we over-stock inventory across the board, our capital requirements may increase and we may incur costs relating to aging and obsolesce of inventory as well as excess raw material. While our products are season-agnostic, they are designed to cater to current trends, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to sell surplus stock in a timely manner, or at all. Our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products and manage our inventory may therefore have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows. 

**_18. Current locations of our franchisee-owned EBOs and other retail stores at which our products are sold may become unattractive, and suitable new locations may not be available at acceptable terms, if at all._** 

The success of sales from our franchisee-owned EBOs and other retail stores at which our products are sold depends in part on their location. We aim to make our products available and have new franchisee-owned EBOs opened in strategic locations and in high-density cluster areas. We cannot assure you that the current locations of our franchisee-owned EBOs or other retail stores at which our products are sold will continue to be attractive or profitable as demographic patterns change. Adverse economic conditions in such areas could result in us having reduced sales in the future. As per our business strategy, we plan to continue to increase the number of our franchisee-owned EBOs and retail stores in line with the future growth prospects of our business. However, as the availability of prime retail locations is limited, we cannot assure you that we will be able to identify and secure premises on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. Any inability on our part to secure alternate attractive locations at acceptable terms or at all, will adversely affect our business, growth strategies and results of operations. 

**_19. Our growth and profitability depend on the level of consumer confidence and spending in India and the overseas jurisdictions in which we operate._** 

Our results of operations are sensitive to changes in overall economic and political conditions that impact consumer spending. The Indian wedding and celebration wear market, in particular, is very sensitive to broad economic changes, and retail purchases tend to decline during recessionary periods. Substantially all of our 

38 

revenues from operations are derived from sales in India, although we also derive revenues from our franchisee-owned EBOs in the United States, the United Arab Emirates and Canada. Many factors outside of our control, including interest rates, volatility of India’s and the world’s stock markets, inflation, tax rates and other government policies, and unemployment rates can affect consumer confidence and spending. The domestic and international political environments, including conflicts, political turmoil or social instability, may also affect consumer confidence and reduce spending, which could affect our growth and profitability. 

**_20. Our success depends on the efforts and abilities of our founder, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Ravi Modi, our senior management and other key personnel, as well as our ability to retain and attract qualified and skilled personnel. Our inability to do so may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our founder, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Ravi Modi, our senior management and other key personnel. We believe that the inputs and experience of Mr. Ravi Modi are key for the growth and development of our business and operations and the strategic direction taken by our Company and we rely heavily on his direction and vision for our overall business strategies. Our business and operations teams also include a highly-qualified, experienced and capable management team. The members of our management team and other key personnel are employed pursuant to customary employment agreements, which may not provide adequate incentive for them to remain with us or adequately protect us if they leave our employment. If we lose the services of Mr. Ravi Modi or any member of our management team or key personnel, we may be unable to locate suitable or qualified replacements, and may incur additional expenses to recruit and train new personnel, which may require a long period of time. This might significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives, which could adversely affect our business operations and affect our ability to continue to manage and expand our business. We do not maintain insurance against the loss of key personnel, other than a life insurance policy for our Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Ravi Modi. Any inability on our part to retain and hire such personnel or find suitable replacements in a timely manner may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The continued growth of our business also depends in part on our ability to attract, hire, train and retain skilled personnel. As of June 30, 2021, we had 734 employees, and in addition to them, we also had 121 contracted employees. For the Financial Years 2019, 2020 and 2021 and the three months ended June 30, 2021, our employee benefits expense amounted to ₹ 472.13 million, ₹ 532.96 million, ₹ 381.07 million and ₹ 106.53 million, respectively, representing 8.60%, 8.38%, 8.60% and 9.08%, respectively, of our total expenses. Given the need to constantly meet our customers’ preferences, we rely on our design and merchandising team, comprising skilled designers, for the designing of our apparel products, as well as for clothes styling. See “ _— Internal Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — If any new products or brands that we launch are not as successful as we anticipate, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected._ ” on page 31. 

As we seek to offer new products, develop our brands and expand our retail network, we require experienced retail operations and business development team with relevant knowledge of our target customers, the markets in which we operate and the retail industry, respectively. See “ _— Internal Risk Factors —Risks related to our business-Our business and prospects depends on the strength of our key brands, and if we are not able to maintain and enhance our brands, we may not be able to maintain or grow our sales of our products, which would adversely affect our business._ ” on page 30. Our retail operations and customer relations team consisted of 118 employees as of June 30, 2021, respectively. See also “ _Our Business – Employees_ ” on page 149. 

Competition for skilled personnel is intense and we experienced attrition of 18%, 25%, 35% and 3% for Financial Years 2019, 2020 and 2021 and the three months ended June 30, 2021, respectively. We may be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting and retaining employees that our business requires. We cannot assure you that we will be able to recruit and retain qualified and capable employees or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. Any inability on our part to do so may adversely affect our business and results of operations. See also “ _Our Business – Employees_ ” on page 149. 

**_21. Our inability to successfully implement our business plan and strategies for retail and franchise expansion and growth could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Over the last few years, we have expanded our operations and experienced considerable growth. Ensuring that such growth continues requires managing complexities across all aspects of our business, including those 

39 

associated with increased headcount, integration of acquisitions, expansion into domestic and international markets and cities, introduction of new products and brands, and implementations of appropriate systems and controls to grow the business. Our continued growth requires significant time and attention from our management and may place strains on our operational systems and processes, financial systems and internal controls and other aspects of our business. We cannot assure you that we will be able to sustain the levels of growth that we have previously experienced. Any inability to do so on our part may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our current growth strategies include: (i) expanding our footprint within and outside India; (ii) scaling up our emerging brands through increased up-selling and cross-selling initiatives; (iii) enhancement of brand appeal through targeted marketing initiatives; (iv) the significant potential and space for growth of our existing and emerging brands; and (v) adopting a disciplined approach towards future acquisitions. See “ _Business – Our Strategies_ ” beginning on page 137. Our growth strategies may be subject to the following risks, among others: 

- we may face challenges developing new products and brands, as well as expanding our existing brands; we may also be unable to persuade existing customers to shift to our premium brands, or to cross-sell our other brands; 

- we may not be able to increase our market share if, among other things, we face increased competition from online retailers or other competitors; 

- we may face challenges developing, integrating, managing and motivating our employees; 

- we may lose our existing design, sales or marketing personnel, and/or fail to attract such suitable talent, if our competitors are able to offer them more attractive terms and/or working environment; and 

- we may not be able to open new stores in attractive and suitable locations; for our existing stores, we may be unable to expand the floor area and improve their productivity, standards and sales. 

We cannot assure that we will be able to successfully implement our business expansion plans and growth strategies. If any of the aforementioned risks were to materialize, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

## **_22. We may be unable to grow our business in additional geographic regions or international markets._** 

As of June 30, 2021, we have an extensive retail network with 537 EBOs (including 55 shop-in-shops) globally, including 12 overseas EBOs across the United States, Canada and the UAE, which are countries with a large Indian diaspora. In India, our EBO network spans across 207 cities and towns, as of June 30, 2021. We seek to grow our retail network and product reach by entering new geographies, including in Tier II and III towns and cities in India, as we believe that these markets offer significant growth opportunities for us. In Financial Year 2021, 44.22% of the Sales of our Customers was generated by our franchisee-owned EBOs from Tier I cities, 42.05% from Tier II cities and 12.31% from Tier III towns. The remaining 1.42% of our franchisee-owned EBO revenues were generated from international markets. We intend to increase penetration into towns and cities in which we already operate, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so. Infrastructural and logistical challenges in these regions may prevent us from expanding our presence or increasing the penetration of our products. Further, customers in new markets or regions may be price-conscious, rendering us unable to compete effectively with our competitors. If we are unable to grow our business in these new markets effectively, our business prospects, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Further, possible expansion into new international markets, such as the United Kingdom, Australia and South East Asia and other parts of the United States, Canada and the Middle East, is important to our long-term growth. Competing successfully in international markets requires additional management attention and resources to tailor our services to the unique aspects of each new country. We may face various risks, including legal and regulatory restrictions, increased advertising and brand building expenditure, challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences, our inexperience with such markets and currency exchange rate fluctuations. These and other risks could adversely affect any international expansion or growth, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

40 

**_23. We appoint contract labor for carrying out certain of our operations and we may be held responsible for paying the wages of such workers if the independent contractors through whom such workers are hired default on their obligations, and such obligations could have an adverse effect on our results of operations._** 

We appoint independent contractors who in turn engage on-site contract labour for performance of certain of our operations, including at our warehouse. Although we do not engage these labour directly, we may be held responsible to pay their social benefits or shortfall in wages and provide certain amenities and facilities, if the independent contractors fail to do so, by a regulatory body or court, which may adversely affect our results of operations. 

**_24. The unsuccessful integration of brands we acquire could result in operating difficulties and diversion of attention of our management, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We have a strategy to acquire brands opportunistically. See “ _Our Business — Our Strategies — Disciplined approach towards acquisitions_ ” on page 140. We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify suitable acquisition, strategic investment or joint venture opportunities at acceptable costs and on commercially reasonable terms, obtain the financing necessary to complete and support such acquisitions or investments, integrate and realize synergies from such businesses and investments, or that any business acquired or investment made will be profitable. Further, the process of integrating an acquired company, business or brand is risky and may create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures or have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, including: 

- potentially dilutive issuances of Equity Shares; 

- the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or other liabilities of the target; 

- difficulties in integrating the brands, products, operations, distribution, marketing and promotion activities of the target; 

- inability to generate sufficient revenue and profits to offset the costs of acquisition; 

- potential loss of key employees of the target and cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the target into our organization; 

- inability to maintain the key business relationships; 

- onerous obligations under the terms of our acquisition, with which we may not be able to comply; 

- diversion of resources from our existing business; 

- necessity of our management or design team to develop expertise in new areas, manage new business relationships and attract new types of customers; 

- exposure to disputes and unknown liability in relation to the target; and 

- increased difficulty in maintaining or assessing our standards, internal controls, procedures, policies or financial reporting. 

Moreover, acquiring companies based outside of India involves additional risks, including those related to integration of operations across different cultures and languages, currency risks and the particular economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. We may not be able to satisfy certain regulatory requirements for such acquisitions. If an acquisition is unsuccessful as a result of any of the above risks, we may face additional costs, and may have to divest the acquisition, which can be costly and timeconsuming. In the future, any inability on our part to identify suitable acquisition opportunities, reach agreements with such parties, complete such acquisitions or obtain the necessary financing could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

41 

**_25. Our international operations may expose us to management, legal, and economic risks, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

In addition to our franchisee-owned EBOs in India, we have an overseas presence with 12 franchisee-owned EBOs in the United States, the United Arab Emirates and Canada, and intend to grow our presence overseas. We are subject to risks related to our international presence, which may include risks in connection with compliance with local laws, regulations and restrictions on the trade, import and export of our attires and accessories and cultural and language factors. Further, we may face competition in other countries from companies that may have more experience with operations in such countries or with international operations generally. We may also face difficulties in integrating our sales and supply chains to these countries into our existing operations and effectively managing them. Our inability to do so may affect our profitability from such countries, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_26. Non-compliance with existing or changes to environmental, health and safety, labour laws and other applicable regulations by us or our jobbers may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our operations, such as our warehousing and manufacturing activities pursuant to arrangements entered into with our workers and jobbers, as well as certain outlets owned by our subsidiary, Manyavar Creations Private Limited, are subject to extensive laws and government regulations, including in relation to safety, health and environmental protection. We, as well as such jobbers, are also subject to the laws and regulations governing relationships with employees in areas such as minimum wages, maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and termination of employees, contract labour, work permits, maintenance of regulatory and statutory records and making periodic payments. See “ _Key Regulations and Policies in India_ ” on page 151. We and such jobbers may fail to comply with such regulations, which could lead to enforced shutdowns and other sanctions imposed by the relevant authorities. We and such jobbers may become involved or liable in litigation or other proceedings, incur increased costs or penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We have incurred and expect to continue incurring costs for compliance with all applicable environmental, health and safety, and labour laws and regulations. We cannot assure you that we and such jobbers will be able to comply with all applicable environmental, health, safety and labour laws and regulations or the terms and conditions of any consents or permits in the future or that such compliance will not result in a curtailment of production or a material increase in the costs of our production and operations. While we have undertaken actions to comply with relevant regulations, there are currently nine pending legal metrology matters against us. We may, in future, be held liable for any regulatory lapses and non-compliances and incur increased costs or be subject to penalties, which are not covered by the insurance we currently carry. Any of the above may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

In addition, we are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules in India, generally for carrying out our business. A majority of these approvals are granted for a limited duration and require renewal. Further, while we have applied for some of these approvals, we cannot assure you that such approvals will be issued or granted to us in a timely manner, or at all. If we do not receive such approvals or are not able to renew the approvals in a timely manner, our business and operations may be adversely affected. For details of such approvals, including the approvals and registrations that we have applied for and are pending renewal or have not applied for see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 298. 

**_27. There are outstanding legal proceedings involving us, our Subsidiary, our Directors and our Promoters._** 

There are outstanding legal proceedings involving us, our Subsidiary, our Directors and our Promoters. These proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various judicial authorities, from which further liability may arise. The amounts involved in these proceedings have been summarized to the extent ascertainable and quantifiable. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 289. 

A summary of outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company, our Subsidiary, Directors and our Promoters as on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus is provided below. As on date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are no outstanding litigations involving our Group Companies, which may have a material impact on our Company. 

42 

## **_Litigation against our Company and our Subsidiary_** 

|**Nature of litigation**|**Number of cases**<br>**outstanding**|**Amount involved in such**<br>**proceedings, to the extent**<br>**quantifiable**<br>**_(₹ in millions)_**|
|---|---|---|
|Criminal|3|NA|
|Material Civil|1|NA|
|Actionby statutory or regulatory authorities|7|5.16|
|**Total**|**11**|**5.16**|



## **_Litigation filed by our Company and our Subsidiary_** 

|**Nature of litigation**|**Number of cases**<br>**outstanding**|**Amount involved in such**<br>**proceedings, to the extent**<br>**quantifiable**<br>**_(₹ in millions)_**|
|---|---|---|
|Criminal|Nil|NA|
|Material Civil|3|NA|
|Action by statutory or regulatory authorities|Nil|NA|
|**Total**|**3**|**NA**|



## **_Tax proceedings involving our Company_** 

||**Nature of tax claim**|**Number of cases**<br>**outstanding**|**Amount involved in such**<br>**proceedings, to the extent**<br>**quantifiable**<br>**_(₹ in millions)_**|
|---|---|---|---|
|Direct tax||1|NA*|
|Indirect tax||4|0.99|
|**Total **||**5**|**0.99**|



_* Assessment pending._ 

## **_Litigation involving our Directors_** 

|**Nature of litigation**|**Number of cases**<br>**outstanding**|**Amount involved* in such**<br>**proceedings, to the extent**<br>**quantifiable**<br>**_(₹ in millions)_**|
|---|---|---|
|Criminal|Nil|NA|
|Material Civil|Nil|NA|
|Action bystatutoryor regulatoryauthorities|1|NA|
|Tax|3|183.08|
|**Total**|**4**|**183.08**|



_* To the extent quantified._ 

## **_Litigation involving our Promoters_**<sup>**_$_**</sup> 

|**Nature of litigation**|**Number of**<br>**cases**<br>**outstanding**|**Amount involved in such**<br>**proceedings, to the extent**<br>**quantifiable**<br>**_(₹ in millions)_**|
|---|---|---|
|Criminal|Nil|NA|
|Material Civil|Nil|NA|
|Action by statutory or regulatory authorities|1|NA|
|Disciplinary action|Nil|NA|
|Tax|3|183.08|
|**Total**|**4**|**183.08**|



_$As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, outstanding litigation involving our Promoters and our Directors pertain to the same litigations._ 

For further details of the outstanding legal proceedings, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 289. 

43 

In relation to such outstanding litigation matters involving our Company, Directors and Promoters, the amounts and interests involved in many pending litigations are not ascertainable or quantifiable and are hence not disclosed. We cannot assure you that any of these proceedings will be decided in favor of our Company, Directors and Promoters, or that no further liability will arise out of these proceedings. Such proceedings could, however, divert management time and attention, and consume financial resources in their defense or prosecution. Further, an adverse outcome in any of these proceedings may affect our reputation, standing and future business, and could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_28. If we are unable to obtain, protect or use our intellectual property rights, our business may be adversely affected._** 

We rely on our intellectual property which includes our trademarks, designs, copyrights as well as domain names. As of June 30, 2021, we own 204 trademarks in India relating to our brands under several classes, and have 40 applications pending for registration of certain other trademarks. We have also registered five copyrights in India. Outside India, as of June 30, 2021, we own 70 trademarks in countries including the United Kingdom, Australia, Bangladesh, Canada, China, European Union (OHIM), Malaysia, Mauritius, Nepal, Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, South Africa, Sri Lanka, the United Arab Emirates and the United States of America, and have 19 applications pending for registration in Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, South Africa, Pakistan and New Zealand. Our intellectual property rights and domain names may expire, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to renew them after expiry. Certain of our intellectual property rights, including those for certain products that we currently sell, are either objected to or are otherwise under dispute. If any of these trademarks are registered in favor of a third party, we may not be able to claim registered ownership of such trademarks, and consequently, we may be unable to seek remedies for infringement of those trademarks by third parties other than relief against passing off by other entities. Our inability to obtain or maintain these registrations may adversely affect our competitive position and, in turn, our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further details, see “ _Government and Other Approvals – Intellectual Property_ ” on page 298. 

While we intend to defend against any threats to our intellectual property, we cannot assure you that our intellectual property rights can be adequately protected in a timely manner. We are also exposed to the risk that other entities may pass off their products as ours by imitating our brand names, packaging material and attempting to create counterfeit products. We believe that there may be other companies or vendors which operate in the unorganized segment using our tradename or brand names. For instance, a third-party, Manyavar Dulha House, used the brand name “Manyavar” as their own store name. We have obtained injunctions against them preventing them from using the term “Manyavar”, and a court order was issued penalizing them. Such activities of infringement, passing-off or counterfeiting may harm the reputation of our brand and sales of our products, which could in turn adversely affect our business. We rely on protections available under Indian law, which may not be adequate to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties. Furthermore, the application of laws governing intellectual property rights in India is uncertain and evolving, and could involve substantial risks to us. Notwithstanding the precautions we take to protect our intellectual property rights, it is possible that third parties may copy or otherwise infringe on our rights, which may have an adverse effect on our business. See “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Trademark Rectification Matters_ ” on page 293. 

Further, while we take care to ensure that we comply with the intellectual property rights of others, we cannot determine with certainty whether we are infringing any existing third-party intellectual property rights which may force us to alter our offerings. If such claims are raised against us in the future, they could result in costly litigation, divert management’s attention and resources, subject us to significant liabilities and require us to enter into potentially expensive royalty or licensing agreements or to cease use of certain of our brands, can result in significant damages being awarded and injunctions that could prevent the manufacture and sale of the relevant products. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business. 

**_29. Increased losses due to fraud, employee financial misappropriation or negligence, theft or similar incidents may have an adverse effect on us._** 

Our business and the industry we operate in are vulnerable to the problem of pilferage by employees, damage, misappropriation of cash or inventory and logistical errors. An increase in product losses occurring to our stock in transit or located at our warehouses may require us to install additional security and surveillance equipment and incur additional expenses towards inventory management and handling. We cannot assure you if these measures will successfully prevent such losses. Additionally, in case of losses due to theft, financial 

44 

misappropriation, fire, breakage or damage caused by other casualties, we cannot assure you that we will be able to recover from our insurers the full amount of any such loss in a timely manner, or at all. See “ _— Internal Risk Factors — Risks Related to Our Business — Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or adequate to cover our losses or liabilities. If we suffer a large uninsured loss or if we suffer an insured loss that significantly exceeds our insurance coverage, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected._ ” on page 47. In addition, if we file claims under an insurance policy it could lead to increases in the insurance premiums payable by us. 

**_30. We have significant working capital requirements and may require additional financing. If we fail to obtain additional financing on terms acceptable to us, or otherwise experience insufficient cash flows to fund our working capital, there may be an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

Our business requires significant working capital, such as to finance the purchase of raw materials, finished goods, payments for outsourced manufacturing processes and operating expenses for the operation of our warehouses before we receive payment from our counterparties. In addition, the actual amount of our future capital requirements may differ from estimates as a result of, among other factors, cost overruns, unanticipated expenses, regulatory changes, economic conditions, additional market developments and new opportunities in the celebration wear industry. These factors may result in increases in the amount of our trade receivables and write-offs of trade receivables, and may result in the incurrence of future short-term borrowings. Continued increases in our working capital requirements may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

While we currently do not have any outstanding debt, if we decide to raise additional funds in the future through the incurrence of debt, our interest and debt repayment obligations will increase or arise. Such debt could also be on variable interest rates. We cannot assure you that such obligations will be undertaken on favorable terms. This will depend on a number of factors, including our future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, the amount and terms of our indebtedness (if any), general market conditions and market conditions for financing activities and the economic, political and other conditions in the markets where we operate. In particular, any future performance issues on our part or in our industry may result in a downgrade in the credit ratings in respect of our borrowings, which may increase interest rates for our future borrowings and adversely affect our ability to borrow on a competitive basis or to renew maturing debt, as well as additional terms and conditions being included in any subsequent financing arrangements. As of May 18, 2021, we had been assigned a rating of “AA-/Stable” by CRISIL for our bank loan facilities up to ₹ 1,200.00 million. We may also become subject to additional restrictive covenants in the financing agreements we may enter into, which could limit our ability to access cash flows from operations and undertake certain types of transactions. If any of the foregoing were to occur, our expansion plans, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Further, any issuance of equity would result in a dilution of the shareholding of existing shareholders, decrease in earnings per Equity Share and could adversely impact our Equity Share price. 

**_31. Our inability to meet any future obligations, including financial and other covenants under the debt financing arrangements that we may enter into, could adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

As of June 30, 2021, we did not have any outstanding indebtedness. However, our ability to service any future debt we might incur will depend primarily on our future cash flows, and we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to do so. If we fail to service the debt repayment obligations that we may undertake, the relevant lenders could declare us to be in default. 

Our financing agreements may contain certain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to undertake certain types of actions, any of which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. We could be required to obtain prior approval from or provide prior information to our lenders for several types of corporate actions such as change in business, mergers or acquisitions, restructurings, change in control or management, sales of brands among others. 

Any failure in the future to satisfactorily comply with any condition or covenant under the financing agreements (including technical defaults) we may enter into, may lead to a termination of one or more of our credit facilities, acceleration of amounts due under such facilities, and enforcement of events of default as well as cross-defaults under certain other financing agreements we may enter into, any of which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

45 

Further, we may in the future grant security interests over certain of our assets, including mortgage of certain immovable properties of our Company, charge on all movable fixed assets of our Company, charge on present and future stocks and book debts of our Company and hypothecation of entire current assets of our Company, including plant and equipment, in order to secure our borrowings, and any failure to satisfy any obligations under such borrowings could lead to the forced sale and seizure of any assets secured as such, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_32. Our registered and corporate office is utilized on a leasehold basis, and we lease certain EBO premises. If we are unable to comply with the terms of these leases, renew our agreements or enter into new agreements on favorable terms, or at all, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

We do not own our registered and corporate office situated at Paridhan Garment Park, 19, Canal South Road, SDF-1, 4th Floor, A501-502, Kolkata 700 015, which we utilize on a leasehold basis. For further details, see “ _Our Business — Properties_ ” on page 150. As most of our franchisee-owned EBOs are held on a leasehold basis, lease costs account for a significant portion of our expenses. Our rent and hire charges, including as a percentage of our revenue from operations, may increase in the future as we seek to increase the number of our retail stores, expand our warehousing operations and due to contractual escalation of rents payable in accordance with the lease agreements entered into by us. The lease periods and rental amounts for these properties vary on the basis of their locations. 

Under the terms of some of our lease arrangements, we are required to comply with certain ongoing conditions which include, among other things, using the leased premises for only authorized purposes. We cannot assure you that we will be able to fully comply with all the terms of the lease deeds which we have entered into. If we fail to meet any such conditions, we may incur liability, and the lease(s) may be terminated. Our failure to maintain or renew such agreements on favorable conditions and in a timely manner, or at all, could require us to vacate such facilities and lease alternative locations, which may not be on commercially acceptable terms. In particular, certain of our franchisee-owned EBOs rely heavily on their attractive locations for their sales, and suitable alternative premises may not be unavailable. If such EBOs are required to relocate or discontinue our business operations in certain areas, we may suffer a disruption in our operations or have to pay increased charges, which could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_33. Our Statutory Auditors have included certain comments in the annexure to their Auditor’s reports on the standalone Ind AS financial statements for the Financial Years 2021, 2020 and 2019 issued under the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2016 (as amended). If similar comments are included in the Statutory Auditors’ reports or their annexures for our financial statements in the future, the trading price of our Equity Shares may be adversely affected._** 

Our Statutory Auditor’s reports on the standalone Ind AS financial statements for the Financial Years 2021, 2020 and 2019 included a statement on certain matters specified in the Companies (Auditor’s Report) Order, 2016 (as amended), which contained the observations below. 

In respect of the Financial Year 2019: 

- registration of title deeds of certain immovable properties, aggregating net block of ₹ 482.07 million as at March 31, 2019, were in progress; and 

- there were disputed statutory dues in relation to value added tax, aggregating to ₹ 1.76 million, which were pending before the appropriate authorities. 

In respect of the Financial Years 2020 and 2021: 

- there were disputed statutory dues in relation to value added tax, aggregating to ₹ 0.56 million, which were pending before the appropriate authorities. 

If similar comments are included in the Statutory Auditor’s reports or their annexures for our financial statements in the future, the trading price of our Equity Shares may be adversely affected. 

**_34. We have contingent liabilities and our financial condition could be adversely affected if any of these contingent liabilities materializes._** 

46 

The following table sets forth our contingent liabilities as of June 30, 2021, as derived from our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements as per Ind AS 37 ‘Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets’: 

|**Particulars**|**As of June 30,**<br>**2021**<br>**_(₹ in million)_**|
|---|---|
|**Demands/claims by various government authorities and other claims not acknowledged as**<br>**debts:**||
|Commercial sales tax of various states|0.99|
|Demand for employee state insurance|5.16|



We cannot assure you that we will not incur similar or increased levels of contingent liabilities in the future. If any of these contingent liabilities materialize, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

## **_35. Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or adequate to cover our losses or liabilities. If we suffer a large uninsured loss or if we suffer an insured loss that significantly exceeds our insurance coverage, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

We currently maintain various types of insurance coverage. Our principal types of insurance coverage include comprehensive general coverage, consequential loss policy for all normal risks associated with our business, including fire, burglary, money, accidents and other natural disasters, cyber protect premium digital business and data protection insurance and commercial crime insurance. We also maintain insurance coverage for transit of goods or stock. We also have a directors and officer’s liability insurance policy and key person policy, commercial and industrial care packages, group mediclaim, accident and term life policies, laptop insurance, as well as a comprehensive general liability policy. As of June 30, 2021, we had insured ₹778.67 million and ₹1,193.73 million, respectively, of our total tangible assets and inventory, which represented more than 100% and 100%, respectively, of the written down value of our total tangible assets and inventory. While we maintain insurance coverage in amounts that we believe are consistent with industry norms and would be adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our business, our insurance policies do not cover all risks and are subject to exclusions and deductibles. In addition, we cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honored fully, in part or at all, or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all our potential losses. These insurance policies are generally valid for a year and are renewed annually on expiry. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, but we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at acceptable cost or at all. For further details on insurance arrangements, see “ _Our Business — Insurance_ ” on page 149. 

We could be held liable for accidents that occur during the course of our operations. In particular, our business and assets are subject to hazards inherent in manufacturing facilities and could suffer damage from risks of equipment failure, work accidents, fire, earthquakes, flood and other force majeure events, acts of terrorism and explosions including hazards that may cause injury and loss of life, severe damage to and the destruction of property and equipment and environmental damage, resulting in the suspension of operations. We may also be subject to product liability claims. 

Such damage and losses may not be fully compensated by insurance. If any or all of our facilities are damaged in whole or in part or we are subject to litigation or claims or our operations are interrupted for a sustained period, we cannot assure you that our insurance policies will be adequate to cover the losses that may be incurred as a result. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage for which we have not obtained or maintained insurance, or which is not covered by insurance, which exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us. If we suffer a large uninsured loss or if any insured loss suffered by us significantly exceeds our insurance coverage, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 

**_36. Our Promoters will be able to exercise significant influence and control over us after the Offer and may have interests that are different from or conflict with those of our other shareholders._** 

After the completion of the Offer, our Promoters, Ravi Modi, Shilpi Modi and Ravi Modi Family Trust, will, by virtue of their shareholding, have the ability to exercise significant control and influence over our Company and our affairs and business, including the appointment of Directors, the timing and payment of 

47 

dividends, the adoption of and amendments to our Memorandum and Articles of Association, the approval of a merger or sale of substantially all of our assets and the approval of most other actions requiring the approval of our shareholders. The interests of our Promoters may be different from or conflict with the interests of our other shareholders in material aspects and, as such, our Promoters may not make decisions in our best interests. For more details, see the section “ _Our Management_ ” on page 161. Their influence may also result in the delay or prevention of a change of management or control of our Company, even if such a transaction may be beneficial to our other shareholders. 

Further, while our Promoters do not, as of the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, engage in any other business activities similar to our business lines, we cannot assure you that such a conflict will not arise in the future, or that we will be able to suitably resolve any such conflict without an adverse effect on our business or operations. Further, we cannot assure you that our Promoters or Group Companies will not undertake or acquire interests in competing ventures in the locations or segments in which we operate. Conflicts of interest may arise in the future, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_37. Certain of our Key Management Personnel may be interested in our Company other than in terms of remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Some of our Key Management Personnel are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits (including discretionary performance-based incentives) and reimbursement of expenses, to the extent of their shareholding, direct and indirect, and stock options in our Company and benefits arising therefrom. Our Promoters are also interested in our Company to the extent of their shareholding in our Company and any benefits arising therefrom. We cannot assure you that our Promoter, some of our Directors and key management personnel will always exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. 

**_38. We have in the past entered into related-party transactions and may continue to do so in the future._** 

We have entered into certain transactions with related parties and are likely to continue to do so in the future. For details on our related-party transactions, see “ _Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 256. Although all related-party transactions that we may enter into are subject to approval by our Audit Committee, Board or shareholders, as required under the Companies Act, we cannot assure you that such future transactions or any other future transactions, individually or in aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations or that we could not have achieved more favorable terms if such transactions are not entered into with related parties. Such related party transactions in the future or any other future transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to the interest of our Company and we cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our minority shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

## **_39. We are subject to risks arising from exchange rate fluctuations._** 

Although our reporting currency is Indian Rupees, we may be exposed to exchange rate fluctuations, as we transact a portion of our business in several other currencies, primarily in U.S. Dollars, United Arab Emirates Dirhams and Canadian Dollars. For the Financial Years 2019, 2020 and 2021 and the three months ended June 30, 2021, revenues from contracts with customers outside India amounted to ₹ 106.85 million, ₹ 167.43 million, ₹ 96.06 million and ₹ 71.70 million, respectively, representing 1.33%, 1.83%, 1.70% and 4.48%, respectively, of our revenue from operations. While we generally have not imported materials from outside India or incurred debt denominated in foreign currency as of June 30, 2021, we may do so in the future and face corresponding exchange rate fluctuations. In addition, the policies of the RBI may also change from time to time, which may limit our ability to effectively hedge our foreign currency exposures and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We closely monitor our exposure to foreign currencies and selectively enter into derivative contracts to hedge our exposure to movements in foreign exchange rates. However, these activities may not be sufficient to protect us against incurring potential foreign exchange related losses. Our use of these derivatives broadly subjects us to market and credit risk, including counterparty credit risk and the risk of incurring financial losses when foreign exchange rates move contrary to expectations or if our risk management procedures prove to be inadequate, which could adversely affect our results of operation, liquidity and financial condition. For further details on our foreign currency exposure that we hedge by derivative instruments, see 

48 

“ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation – Off-Balance Sheet Commitments and Arrangements_ ” on page 284. 

**_40. We have presented certain supplemental information of our performance and liquidity which is not prepared under or required by Ind AS._** 

This Draft Red Herring Prospectus includes certain non-GAAP financial measures such as EBITDA, EBITDA margin, ROCE, net worth and net asset value per share (“ **Non-GAAP Measures** ”), which are supplemental information of our performance and liquidity that are not required by, or presented in accordance with, Ind AS. Further, these Non-GAAP Measures and other statistical and other information relating to operations and financial performance are not a measurement of our financial performance or liquidity under Ind AS and should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/ (loss) for the years or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS. In addition, these Non-GAAP Measures are not standardised terms, hence a direct comparison of similarly titled Non-GAAP Measures of other companies may not be possible. Other companies may calculate these Non-GAAP Measures differently from us, limiting their utility as comparative measures. Although the Non-GAAP Measures are not measures of performance calculated in accordance with applicable accounting standards, our management believes that they are useful to an investor in evaluating us because it is widely used measures to evaluate a company’s operating performance. See also “ _Other Financial Information_ ” on page 253. 

Further, the Non-GAAP Measures may be different from financial measures and statistical information disclosed or followed by other companies in our industry. The Non-GAAP Measures relating to our operations and financial performance may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore may not be comparable to financial measures and statistical information of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other companies in our industry. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on the Non-GAAP financial information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. 

**_41. This Draft Red Herring Prospectus contains information derived from third parties and extracted from an industry report prepared by an independent third-party research agency, CRISIL, which we have commissioned and paid for purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry exclusively in connection with the Offer. There can be no assurance that such third-party statistical, financial and other industry information is either complete or accurate._** 

The industry and market information contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus includes information that is derived and extracted from the report dated September 2021 prepared by CRISIL, an independent third-party research agency appointed and paid for by the Company exclusively in connection with the Offer. The data used in these sources may have been reclassified by us for the purposes of presentation and may also not be comparable. Given the scope and extent of the CRISIL Report, disclosures are limited to certain excerpts and the CRISIL Report has not been reproduced in its entirety in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. There are no material parts, data or information (which may be relevant for the proposed issue), that have been left out or changed in any manner. The CRISIL Report has been commissioned and paid for by us for the purposes of confirming our industry exclusively in connection with the Offer. The report uses certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. Accordingly, investors should read the industry related disclosure in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus in this context. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. Industry sources and publications generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources generally believed to be reliable, but that their accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed and their reliability cannot be assured. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information. For further details, including disclosures made by CRISIL in connection with the preparation and presentation of their report, see “ _Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Current of Presentation_ ” on page 12. 

**_42. Some of the records with respect to transfers made by and to our Promoters are not traceable._** 

Certain share transfer deeds pertaining to transfers made by and to our Promoters, are not traceable. Accordingly, reliance has been placed on minutes of the meetings of the Board taking note of such transfers, 

49 

in order to make disclosures in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For details, see “ _Capital Structure – Build-up of the Promoters’ shareholding in our Company_ ” on page 82. 

# **EXTERNAL RISK FACTORS** 

## **Risks Related to India** 

**_43. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows._** 

The Indian economy and capital markets are influenced by economic, political and market conditions in India and globally. Currently, we manufacture only in India and derive most of our sales in India, which are thus dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India. Our results of operations are significantly affected by factors influencing the Indian economy. Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations, may include: 

- the macroeconomic climate, including any increase in Indian interest rates or inflation; 

- any exchange rate fluctuations, the imposition of currency controls and restrictions on the right to convert or repatriate currency or export assets; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing for our expansions; 

- prevailing income conditions among Indian consumers and Indian corporates; 

- volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; 

- changes in India’s tax, trade, financial year or monetary policies; 

- political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighboring countries; 

- occurrence of natural or man-made disasters (such as hurricanes, typhoons, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis and fires) which may cause us to suspend our operations; 

- civil unrest, acts of violence, terrorist attacks, regional conflicts or situations or war may adversely affect the Indian markets as well as result in a loss of business confidence in Indian companies; and 

- epidemics, pandemics or any other public health concerns in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighboring countries, such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19 pandemic; 

- prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; 

- any downgrading of India’s debt rating by a domestic or international rating agency; 

- international business practices that may conflict with other customs or legal requirements to which we are subject, including anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws; 

- protectionist and other adverse public policies, including local content requirements, import/export tariffs, increased regulations or capital investment requirements; 

- logistical and communications challenges; 

- financial instability in financial markets; 

- difficulty in developing any necessary partnerships with local businesses on commercially acceptable terms or on a timely basis; 

50 

- being subject to the jurisdiction of foreign courts, including uncertainty of judicial processes and difficulty enforcing contractual agreements or judgments in foreign legal systems or incurring additional costs to do so; and 

- other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India. 

Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_44. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including any adverse application of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, prospects and results of operations._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes, including the instances mentioned below, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. 

For instance, the Taxation Laws (Amendment) Act, 2019, a tax legislation issued by India’s Ministry of Finance effective as of September 20, 2019, prescribes certain changes to the income tax rate applicable to companies in India. According to this legislation, companies can henceforth voluntarily opt in favor of a concessional tax regime (subject to no other special benefits/exemptions being claimed), which reduces the rate of income tax payable to 22% subject to compliance with conditions prescribed, from the erstwhile 25% or 30% depending upon the total turnover or gross receipt in the relevant period. Any such future amendments may affect our other benefits such as exemption for income earned by way of dividend from investments in other domestic companies and units of mutual funds, exemption for interest received in respect of tax free bonds, and long-term capital gains tax on equity shares if withdrawn by the statute in the future, and the same may no longer be available to us. Any adverse order passed by the appellate authorities/ tribunals/ courts would have an effect on our profitability. 

Further, the Government of India has announced the union budget for Fiscal 2022, pursuant to which the Finance Bill, 2021 (“ **Finance Bill** ”), has introduced various amendments. The Finance Bill has received assent from the President of India on March 28, 2021, and has been enacted as the Finance Act, 2021 (“ **Finance Act** ”). 

The Finance Act has also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a nondelivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. 

Any further changes in laws may have an impact on our results of operations. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the application, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

**_45. We may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could in turn adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, as amended (the “ **Competition Act** ”) was enacted for the purpose of preventing practices that have or are likely to have an adverse effect on competition in India and has mandated the Competition Commission of India (the “ **CCI** ”) to separate such practices. Under the Competition Act, any arrangement, understanding or action, whether formal or informal, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition is void and attracts substantial penalties. Any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, or shares the market by way of geographical area or number of customers in the relevant market is presumed to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India and shall be void. Further, the Competition Act prohibits abuse of dominant position by any enterprise. If it is proved that 

51 

the contravention committed by a company took place with the consent or connivance or is attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other officer of such company, that person shall be guilty of the contravention and liable to be punished. 

The combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act require that the acquisition of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations which exceed any of the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds shall be mandatorily notified to and pre-approved by the CCI. Any breach of the provisions of the Competition Act by our Company may attract substantial monetary penalties. 

The Competition Act aims to, among other things, prohibit all agreements and transactions, which may have an appreciable adverse effect in India. Consequently, certain agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside of India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect in India. We are not currently party to any outstanding proceedings, nor have we ever received any notice in relation to non-compliance with the Competition Act. Any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI in future, or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_46. Any downgrading of India’s debt rating by an international rating agency could have a negative impact on our business._** 

Our access to the debt markets and our costs of financing depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating decreased from Baa2 with a “negative” outlook to Baa3 with a “negative” outlook by Moody’s and from BBB with a “stable” outlook to BBB with a “negative” outlook (Fitch) in June 2020; and from BBB “stable” to BBB “negative” by DBRS in May 2020. India’s sovereign ratings from S&P is BBB- with a “stable” outlook. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any additional overseas financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business. 

**_47. Current economic conditions may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The global economy is currently undergoing a period of unprecedented volatility, and the future economic environment may continue to be less favorable than that of recent years. We are exposed to many different companies, including our counterparties under our various manufacturing, sale and franchise agreements, cobranding, raw materials and finished goods supply, as well as other similar arrangements, any of which may be or become unstable in the current economic environment, and any such events could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_48. If the rate of Indian price inflation increases, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue. In recent years, India has experienced consistently high inflation, which has increased the price of, among other things, our rent, raw materials and wages. If this trend continues, we may be unable to accurately estimate or control our costs of production and purchase, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our clients, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. If we are unable to increase our revenues sufficiently to offset our increased costs due to inflation, it could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, the Government of India has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. We cannot assure you that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future. 

52 

**_49. Significant differences exist between Ind AS used to prepare our financial information and other accounting principles, such as U.S. GAAP and IFRS, which may affect investors’ assessments of our Company’s financial condition._** 

Our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements for Financial Years 2021, 2020 and 2019 included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus are derived from our audited consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with Ind AS or Ind AS 34, as applicable, specified under Section 133 of the Companies Act 2013, read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015, as amended and restated in accordance with the requirements of Section 26 of Part 1 of Chapter III of the Companies Act, the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on Reports in Company Prospectus (Revised 2019) (as amended) issued by the ICAI. Ind AS differs from accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar, such as Indian GAAP, IFRS and U.S. GAAP. 

We have not attempted to explain in a qualitative manner the impact of the IFRS or U.S. GAAP on the financial information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial information to those of U.S. GAAP or IFRS. U.S. GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS and Indian GAAP, which may differ from accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar in other countries. Accordingly, the degree to which the financial information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, which are restated as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations, will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices, Ind AS, the Companies Act and the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices, Ind AS, the Companies Act and the SEBI ICDR Regulations, on the financial disclosures presented in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited. 

**_50. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Foreign investment in Indian securities is subject to regulation by Indian regulatory authorities. Under foreign exchange regulations which are currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents is freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified under applicable law. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and does not fall under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the RBI’s prior approval is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. Further, this conversion is subject to the shares having been held on a repatriation basis and, either the security having been sold in compliance with the pricing guidelines or, the relevant regulatory approval having been obtained for the sale of shares and corresponding remittance of the sale proceeds. As provided in the foreign exchange controls currently in effect in India, the RBI has provided that the price at which the Equity Shares are transferred be calculated in accordance with internationally accepted pricing methodology for the valuation of shares at an arm’s length basis, and a higher (or lower, as applicable) price per share may not be permitted. 

Further, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020 issued by the DPIIT and the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Amendment Rules, 2020 which came into effect from April 22, 2020, any investment, subscription, purchase or sale of equity instruments by entities of a country which shares a land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, will require prior approval of the Government of India, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy and the FEMA Rules. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular term or at all in the case of such investment, subscription, purchase or sale of equity instruments, with or without any particular terms or conditions. For further information, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 343. Our ability to raise any foreign capital under the FDI route is therefore constrained by Indian law, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and prospects. 

**_51. Our ability to raise foreign debt may be constrained by Indian law._** 

As an Indian company, we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources and could constrain our ability to obtain financings on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, we cannot assure you that any required regulatory approvals for borrowing in foreign currencies will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or 

53 

at all. Limitations on raising foreign debt may have an adverse effect on our business growth, financial condition and results of operations. 

## **_52. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be different from laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. 

## **_53. Investors may have difficulty in enforcing foreign judgments against our Company or our management._** 

Our Company is a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of India. All of our directors and executive officers are residents of India. All of our Company’s assets are located in India. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process upon us or such persons in India or to enforce judgments obtained outside India against our Company or such parties. 

India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions, including the United Kingdom, Singapore, the United Arab Emirates, and Hong Kong. A judgment from certain specified courts located in a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908, as amended (“ **Civil Procedure Code** ”). The United States has not been notified as a reciprocating territory. 

In order to be enforceable, a judgment obtained in a jurisdiction which India recognizes as a reciprocating territory must meet certain requirements of the Civil Procedure Code. Section 13 of the Civil Procedure Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated on except (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case, (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable, (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice, (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the Civil Procedure Code, a court in India shall, on the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record; such presumption may be displaced by proving want of jurisdiction. The Civil Procedure Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, or other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or other penalty and does not provide for the enforcement of arbitration awards even if such awards are enforceable as a decree or judgment. A foreign judgment rendered by a superior court (as defined under the Civil Procedure Code) in any jurisdiction outside India which the Government of India has by notification declared to be a reciprocating territory, may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgment had been rendered by a competent court in India. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. 

However, the party in whose favor such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States or other such jurisdiction within three years of obtaining such final judgment. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Moreover, it is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages to the extent awarded in a final judgment rendered outside India if it believes that the amount of damages awarded were excessive or inconsistent with public policy in India. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered, and we cannot assure that such approval will be forthcoming within a reasonable period of time, or at all, or that conditions of such approvals would be acceptable. Such amount may also be subject to income tax in accordance with applicable law. 

54 

Consequently, it may not be possible to enforce in an Indian court any judgment obtained in a foreign court, or effect service of process outside of India, against Indian companies, entities, their directors and executive officers and any other parties resident in India. Additionally, there is no assurance that a suit brought in an Indian court in relation to a foreign judgment will be disposed of in a timely manner. 

## **Risks Related to the Offer** 

## **_54. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares has been determined by our Company in consultation with the BRLMs, and through the Book Building Process. This price is based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” beginning on page 92 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. In addition, the stock market often experiences price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of a particular company. These broad market fluctuations and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of the Equity Shares, regardless of our Company's performance. As a result of these factors, we cannot assure you that investors will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

**_55. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and after the Offer, an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares has been determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. Consequently, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all. There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and our Equity Share price could fluctuate significantly because of market volatility. A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause investors to lose some or all of their investment. 

**_56. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of the Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing on the Stock Exchanges, the Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees and any dividends payable in respect of the Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees, to be subsequently converted into a relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by our shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on returns on the Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

**_57. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity-linked securities by us may dilute your shareholding and adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth through future equity offerings. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares by us, including through exercise of employee stock options may dilute your shareholding in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price 

55 

of the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will not issue Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to Equity Shares or that our Shareholders will not dispose of, pledge or encumber their Equity Shares in the future. 

**_58. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company incorporated in India and having share capital must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of such equity shares voting on such resolution. However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for your benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of any such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. To the extent that you are unable to exercise any pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares, your ownership position in our Company could be diluted. 

**_59. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under the current Indian tax laws and regulations, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. A securities transaction tax (“STT”) is levied both at the time of sale and acquisition of equity shares (unless exempted under a prescribed notification), and the STT is collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any capital gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares on a Stock Exchange held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to long term capital gains in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as whether the sale is undertaken on or off the Stock Exchanges, the quantum of gains and any available treaty relief. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of STT, on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer. 

Further, any capital gains realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. 

Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will not be chargeable to tax in India in cases where relief from such taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident and the seller is entitled to avail benefits thereunder, subject to certain conditions. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. Similarly, any business income realized from the transfer of Equity Shares held as trading assets is taxable at the applicable tax rates subject to any treaty relief, if applicable, to a non-resident seller. Additionally, in terms of the Finance Act, 2018, which has been notified on March 29, 2018 with effect from April 1, 2018, the tax payable by an assessee on the capital gains arising from transfer of long term capital asset (introduced as section 112A of the Income-Tax Act, 1961) shall be calculated on such long-term capital gains at the rate of 10%, where the long-term capital gains exceed ₹100,000, subject to certain exceptions in case of resident individuals and HUF. 

Further, the Finance Act, 2019 has made various amendments in the taxation laws and has also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non -delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. These amendments have come into effect from July 1, 2020. 

The Government of India had announced the union budget for Fiscal 2022 and the Finance Act, 2021 received assent from the President of India on March 28, 2021 and was made effective from April 1, 2021. There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2021 may have on our business and operations or in the industry we operate in. Additionally, the Finance Act does not require DDT to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such 

56 

dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source pursuant to any corporate action including dividends. 

**_60. Certain of our existing shareholders or future shareholders together may be able to exert substantial voting control over us, which may limit your ability to influence corporate matters._** 

As on date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group shareholders beneficially owned an aggregate of 92.50% of our outstanding Equity Share capital. Our Promoters will continue to exercise control over our Company post listing and such shareholding may limit your ability to influence corporate matters that require shareholder approval. The Promoters and members of the Promoter Group may be able to exercise considerable influence over any matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors, approval of lending and investment policies and the approval of corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our Company or its assets or further fund-raising transactions. 

**_61. Our ability to pay dividends or conduct share buybacks in the future will depend upon future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and lender consents and we cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends or conduct share buybacks in the future._** 

We currently intend to invest our future earnings, in part or in full, to fund our growth. The amount of our future dividend payments, if any, will depend upon our future earnings, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements and capital expenditures. In addition, our ability to pay dividends may also be restricted by the terms of financing arrangements that we may enter into, and any dividend payments we make may be subject to the prior consent of certain of our lenders pursuant to the terms of the agreements we have with them. For details, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” beginning on page 287. Although we have paid dividends historically on the Equity Shares and also conducted share buyback programs in the past, we cannot assure you that we will choose, or be able, to pay dividends or conduct share buyback programs in the future. For further details, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” and “ _Capital Structure_ ” beginning on pages 183 and 74, respectively. 

**_62. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower the size of their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage. Retail Institutional Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until the Bid/ Offer Closing Date. Further, Anchor Investors cannot withdraw their Bids after the Anchor Investor Bidding Date. Allocation to QIBs (other than Anchor Investors) and Non-Institutional Investors will be on a proportionate basis while allocation to Anchor Investors will be on a discretionary basis. While our Company is required to complete Allotment pursuant to the Offer within such period as may be prescribed under applicable law, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, financial condition and results of operations may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

57 

