# **SECTION II - RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry and segments in which we operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial, actually occur, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could suffer, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. To obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview”, “Financial Statements” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 139, 114, 194 and 253, respectively, as well as the financial, statistical and other information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of the Company and its business in terms of the Issue including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares._ 

_Our financial year ends on March 31 of each year, so all references to a particular financial year are to the twelve-month period ended March 31 of that year. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information for the nine months ended December 31, 2021, financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019 included herein is derived from the Restated Financial Information, included in this Red Herring Prospectus, which differ in certain material respects from IFRS, U.S. GAAP and the generally accepted accounting principles in other countries. For further information, see “Financial Statements” beginning on page 194._ 

_To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and results of operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. See “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 15._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “the Company” or “our Company”, “we”, “us”, “our” are to Venus Pipes & Tubes Limited._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section have been derived from the report “Stainless Steel Pipes & Tubes” dated April, 2022 (the “_ **_D & B Report_** _”) prepared and released on April 4, 2022 by Dun & Bradstreet and commissioned and paid for by our Company specifically for the purpose of the Issue. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the D & B Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year. Also see, “Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Industry and Market Data” beginning on Page 12._ 

_Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section. The prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment, which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

# **Internal Risks** 

**_1. The continuing effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, operations and financial condition is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted._** 

During the first half of 2020, COVID-19 spread to a majority of countries across the world, including India and other countries where our suppliers and customers are located. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, significant repercussions across local, national and global economies and financial markets. In particular, a number of governments and organizations have revised GDP growth forecasts for 

23 

the financial year 2021 downwards in response to the economic slowdown caused by the spread of COVID19, and it is possible that the COVID-19 pandemic can cause a prolonged global economic crisis or recession. The global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has been rapidly evolving and public health officials and governmental authorities have responded by taking measures, such as prohibiting people from assembling in large numbers, instituting quarantines, restricting travel, issuing “stay-at-home” orders and restricting the types of businesses that may continue to operate physically, among many others. The outbreak of COVID-19 was recognized as a public health emergency and international concern on January 30, 2020 and as a pandemic by WHO on March 11, 2020. On March 14, 2020, Government of India declared COVID-19 as a “notified disaster” and imposed a nationwide lockdown beginning on March 25, 2020. While that lockdown lasted until May 31, 2020, and was extended periodically by varying degrees by state governments and local administrations, the second wave of COVID-19 in April 2021 led to lockdowns imposed by the state governments and local administrations. Although, during the first wave of the COVID19 pandemic, our Manufacturing Facility was shut for a period of approximately thirty (30) business days till the month of April, 2020 (“ **Shut-Down Period** ”) due to which we were unable to supply our Products during the said period from our Manufacturing Facility, we did not experience any disruptions of any nature whatsoever in our business operations during the second wave of COVID-19.We secured a special permission dated April 23, 2020 from the Office of the Collector and District Magistrate, Kutch, Gujarat for supplying our Products to the essential commodities sectors, particularly the pharmaceutical sector and thereafter our Manufacturing Facility continued its operations without further disruptions. We had onemonth raw material availability during the Shut-Down Period which enabled us to meet our supply commitments. Further, we did not receive any notice (including demand for late delivery charges) from our customers with respect to any potential action against the Company, its promoters and directors for any delays in supplies during and in relation to the Shut-Down Period. 

Despite the lifting of the lockdown and our continued operations during such periods in the past, there is significant uncertainty regarding the duration and long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as possible future responses by the Government, which makes it impossible for us to predict with certainty the impact that COVID-19 can have on our business, operations or potential expansion plans in the future. The COVID-19 pandemic has affected and may continue to affect our business, results of operations and financial condition in a number of ways. For example, the spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices, cancellation of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences, which poses new challenges to our operations. In future, we may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners, and suppliers. We also incurred and may continue to incur additional expenses in complying with evolving government regulations and measures, such as social distancing measures and sanitization practices. If any of our employees are suspected of contracting COVID-19 or any other epidemic disease, this could require us to quarantine some or all of these employees or suspend operations in our facilities for disinfection. While our operations had slowed down during early 2020 and we have almost resumed to full normalcy with requisite precautions, the continuing impact of COVID-19 pandemic on our financial condition remains uncertain and is dependent on the spread of COVID-19 and steps taken by the Government to mitigate the economic impact and may differ from our estimates. We are closely monitoring the impact of COVID-19 on our financial condition, liquidity, operations, suppliers and work force. Any intensification of the COVID-19 pandemic or any future outbreak of another highly infectious or contagious disease may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, we have experienced and may further experience, Government authorities imposition of various measures such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, and shutdowns. Beginning in March 2020, due to the nationwide lockdown, quarantines, stay-at-home and shelter-in-place orders, the promotion of social distancing, and other travel related restrictions, we experienced closure of our production facilities during the Shut-Down Period. We may continue to be subject to temporary as well as permanent closures and reduced manufacturing operations, logistical delays during which we shall be required to incur additional expenses in connection with, among other things, retaining employees, fixed costs payable for maintaining our manufacturing plants, and loss of inventory, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, any intensification of the COVID-19 pandemic or any future outbreak of another highly infectious or contagious disease may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, as COVID-19 adversely affects our business and results of operations, it may also have the effect of exacerbating many of the other risks described in this “ _Risk Factors_ ” section. 

24 

**_2. We have historically derived, and may continue to derive, a significant portion of our income from our top 10 customers._** 

We have a diversified customer base and although we do not currently have any material dependency on a single or few customers, our top 10 customers constitute 32.45%, 37.49%, 44.51% and 35.52% of total sales for the nine-months ended December 31, 2021 and for Fiscal 2021, Fiscal 2020 and Fiscal 2019, respectively. Although, we have long term relationships with some of our customers, we have not entered into long-term agreements with them and the success of our business is significantly dependent on us maintaining good relationships with our customers. The actual sales by our Company may differ from the management estimates and the loss of one or more of these significant or key customers or a reduction in the amount of business we obtain from them could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. There can be no assurance that we shall be able to maintain historic levels of business and/or negotiate and execute long-term contracts on terms that are commercially viable with our significant customers or that we shall be able to significantly reduce customer concentration in the future. 

**_3. We may not accomplish our growth strategy, and our business may suffer if we fail to manage our growth efficiently or effectively._** 

Our operations have expanded as a result of our strategy to expand into domestic and international markets and we endeavour to continue to explore viable means to consolidate the position of our operations, competitively positioning us in the domestic and overseas market. There can be no assurance, however, that we shall be successful in our expansion endeavours. If we fail to improve our existing systems or controls or to manage growth and expansion effectively, or the cost of such expansion or growth exceeds the revenues generated by our efforts, we may fail in our strategy and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. We expect our future growth to place significant demands on our resources as well as our management. This shall require us to continuously evolve and improve our operational, financial and internal controls across our organization. In particular, continued expansion increases the challenges we face in: 

- strengthening our internal control system for purchases of inventory to be commensurate with the size of our Company; 

- improving the scope and coverage of our internal audit systems to keep pace with our growth; 

- recruiting, training and retaining sufficiently skilled technical, sales and management personnel; 

- identifying, establishing, maintaining and expanding relationships with other pipe manufacturers and after-sales services partners in each of the markets in which we operate; 

- managing economies of scale, including a larger number of distributors and after-sales service providers including in select international markets; 

- identifying, understanding and responding to challenges and risks that are unique to the different markets in which we operate; 

- developing and improving our internal administrative infrastructure, particularly our financial, operational, communications and other internal systems; and maintaining high levels of product quality and customer satisfaction. 

There can be no assurance that our personnel, systems, procedures and controls shall be adequate to support our future growth. Failure to effectively manage our expansion may lead to increased costs and reduced profitability and may adversely affect our growth prospects. Any of the challenges highlighted above may cause us to delay, modify or forego some or all aspects of our expansion plans. Further, there can be no assurance that we shall be able to execute our strategies on time and within the budget, as and when estimated by the Company. In addition, our expansion plans when concretized may not be appraised by any independent or third-party agency, and accordingly, in the absence of such independent appraisal, our expansion plans may be subject to change based on various factors which may be beyond our control. 

Further, as December 31, 2021, our long term and short-term borrowings are ₹163.16 million and ₹336.90 million respectively. Our indebtedness is secured by charges over immovable and movable properties and other collaterals, receivables and bank accounts. If we are unable to repay or refinance our outstanding indebtedness, or if we are unable to obtain additional financing on terms acceptable to us, we may be unable to implement our growth strategy, and our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

25 

**_4. We face competition, including from other large and established competitors, and we may fail to compete successfully against existing or new competitors, which may reduce the demand for our Products which may lead to reduced prices, operating margins, profits and further result in loss of market share._** 

We face increasing competition from our existing and potential competitors in India and in overseas markets that may have substantially greater brand recognition, longer operating histories, greater financial, product development, sales, marketing, more experienced management, access to a cheaper cost of capital and other resources than we do. Some of our competitors may have lower costs, or be able to offer lower prices and a larger variety of products in order to gain market share. Our competitors may also make acquisitions or establish cooperative or other strategic relationships, among themselves or with third parties, including dealers and distributors of our Products, thereby increasing their ability to address the needs of our targeted customers and offering lower cost products than we do which may have a negative effect on our sales. Further, new competitors may emerge at any time. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies or customer requirements, and may bring with them customer loyalties that may limit our ability to compete, which could erode our market share. In addition, a variety of known and unknown events could have a material adverse impact on our ability to compete _._ The success of our Products as well as our ability to maintain or increase our market share may also depend upon the effectiveness of our marketing initiatives which may adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. 

Competition in our industry is based on a range of factors including pricing, marketing, delivery time, payment terms etc. To remain competitive, we must continue to invest significant resources in capital expenditure, research and development, sales and marketing and customer support. There can be no assurance that we shall have sufficient resources to make these investments or that we shall be able to make the technological advances necessary to be competitive. In case we fail to effectively compete, including any delays in responding to changes in the industry and the market, we may also have to incur additional costs and expenses to conduct marketing campaigns, market research and investing in newer technologies and infrastructure to effectively compete. Increased competition could result in, amongst other things, a slowdown in the growth of our corporate accounts, a loss of our market share, price reductions, reduced demand for our Products, reductions in revenue and reduced margins and profitability. 

Further, we may be subject to risk of consolidation amongst our competitors who may leverage their financial strength and market dominance to secure financing at competitive terms. Such a consolidation shall enable these market players to take aggressive steps, including but not limited to, making additional acquisitions, investing more aggressively in product development and capacity and displacing demand for our Products. The market in which we operate is fragmented and in case there is a trend of consolidation in future, our business could be at a comparatively disadvantageous position and as a result our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 

**_5. Our Company has not entered into long-term agreements with our customers for purchasing our Products nor for the supply of raw materials with our suppliers. We are subject to uncertainties in demand and there is no assurance that these customers and suppliers shall continue to purchase our Products or sell raw materials to us or that they shall not scale down their orders. This could impact the business and financial performance of our Company._** 

We have not entered into long-term contracts with (i) our raw material suppliers; and (ii) our customers and all our procurements and supplies are by way of purchase orders/sales orders/short-term contracts which govern the commercial terms, including but not limited to the minimum product standards, quantity, price etc. Both our suppliers and customers have access to our competitors who may offer better commercial terms than we may provide. In the absence of long-term contracts establishing formal exclusive relationships between us and such parties, we cannot assure that such business relationships shall last for long or at all and we may lose a significant portion of our revenues to our competitors or our customers may reduce or delay our orders. A change in preference of our customers and raw material suppliers can result in discontinuation of our engagement with them and such a move could materially and adversely impact our business. Further, we run the risk of excess capacity in case our customers do not honour their commitments or choose to engage with our competitors. Although, we have a strong emphasis on quality, timely delivery of our Products and raw materials and personal interaction by the senior management with our customers and suppliers, any change in the buying pattern of buyers and preferences of suppliers can adversely affect the business and the profitability of our Company. 

26 

**_6. We are required to obtain consents under certain environmental laws, which are critical for operating our Manufacturing Facility. We have in the past been non-compliant with the requirements under environmental law for our operations and there is no assurance that in the future we would be able to obtain such consent in a timely manner or at all._** 

We require certain material environmental consents under the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981 (“ **Air Act** ”), Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 (“ **Water Act** ”) and Hazardous and Other Wastes (Management and Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2016 (“ **Hazardous Waste Management Rules** ”) in the form of (i) Consent to Establish (“ **CTE** ”) to establish our Manufacturing Facility and (ii) a Consolidated Consent and Approval (“ **CCA** ”) to commence our manufacturing operations, from the Gujarat Pollution Control Board (“ **GPCB** ”) for our Manufacturing Facility. 

In past, our production capacity has been in excess of the capacity of 300 MT granted to us by GPCB on March 31, 2016. Consequently, the CCA granted by the GPCB for our Manufacturing Facility also expired on February 14, 2021, and we had applied for renewal of the same on February 13, 2021, and since then have obtained a CCA for our Manufacturing Facility on December 17, 2021 for 1,000 MT per month which is valid till October 04, 2026. 

Therefore, in past, we have been in contravention of the Air Act, Water Act, and the Hazardous Waste Management Rules (“ **Environmental Laws** ”), for (i) operating our Manufacturing Facility over and above the authorised capacity of 300 MT per month as per the CCA granted by GPCB, (ii) operating our Manufacturing Facility without any validly subsisting CCA in the period of February 14, 2021 till December 17, 2021, and (iii) not applying for a renewal of consents within the stipulated time period as per the abovementioned acts and rules. The penalty for contravention of these sections and rules as per the Air Act, Water Act and Hazardous Waste Management Rules includes imprisonment, and monetary penalty. 

The circular notified by the GPCB, with reference number GPCBoard/Circular – 2015/329665 dated October 9, 2015, (“ **GPCB Circular** ”), has provided opportunity to industries, who are non- compliant of approvals such as capacity expansion violation without obtaining valid CCA, carrying excess production than permitted capacity, delay in renewal of CCA etc. As per GPCB circular industry can obtain CCA for capacity expansion by paying late fee of 25% of the consent fee at the time application. Accordingly, we have paid a late fee of ₹35,000 to the GPCB on December 13, 2021 for the duration our Manufacturing Facility was in contravention of the relevant Environmental Laws. Further, we have also executed a letter in favour of GPCB (“ **GPCB Letter** ”) stating that we have complied with all terms of the GPCB Circular and request GPCB to apprise us as to whether any further steps that are required to be taken by us in order to regularise the abovementioned contraventions. The receipt of the said GPCB Letter has been acknowledged by GPCB on December 22, 2021. We have applied for a CTE amendment with GPCB vide application number '209123' on December 22, 2021 which was not processed due to submission of incomplete documentation. Thereafter, the Company filed a fresh CTE amendment application bearing number '255708' for establishing its new proposed plant on April 10, 2022 for approval from GPCB. Any delay of approval or rejection of our CTE amendment application can adversely impact operations in our Manufacturing Facility and thereby our business and financial condition. 

While no further actions have been taken in relation to such violations mentioned above, we may, in the future, be subjected to regulatory actions for such violations including closure of our manufacturing facility, imposition of penalties and other penal actions against our Company and key personnel, which may have a negative impact on our business, reputation, results of operations and cash flows. Further, any failure to comply with Environmental Laws and/or the terms and conditions of approvals issued under such Environmental Laws and regulations could also impact our ability to obtain or renew the approvals with respect to our Manufacturing Facility in a timely manner or at all and may also adversely affect our ability to operate our units and consequently affect our results of operations. 

**_7. We face certain challenges because of our limited operating history in the highly competitive stainless steel pipes and tubes market, which may affect our future performance._** 

We commenced our commercial operations in the calendar year 2015 and are a fairly new player in the stainless steel pipes and tubes market. Companies in their initial stages of growth present substantial business and financial risks and may present comparatively higher investment risks than seasoned market players. Further, due to our limited operating history we may not yet be the supplier of first choice and may 

27 

not command goodwill and trust of market intermediaries across markets, both domestic and international, along with corporate buyers, as compared to other established players. Although we believe that we have been able to achieve reasonable market penetration commensurate with the limited period of our business operations and presence in the stainless steel pipes and tubes market, there can be no assurance that our limited operating history shall not adversely impact our rate of growth and our ability to succeed in realizing our growth strategy including the proposed business expansion. 

**_8. The demand in the steel and steel products industry is volatile and a decrease in demand of steel may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, prospects and financial condition._** 

Steel prices fluctuate based on a number of factors, such as, the availability and cost of raw material inputs, fluctuations in domestic and international demand and supply of steel and steel products, international production and capacity, fluctuation in the volume of steel imports, transportation costs, protective trade measures and various social and political factors, in the economies in which the steel producers sell their products and are sensitive to the trends of particular industries, such as, the construction and machinery industries. When downturns occur in these economies or sectors, which may lead to a decrease in steel and steel product prices, and consequently we may experience decreased demand for our Products. This may, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

**_9. If our Products become obsolete due to a breakthrough in the development of technology or alternate products, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected._** 

In the event of a breakthrough in the development or growing popularity of alternate technology, we may be exposed to the risk of our Products becoming obsolete or being substituted by these alternatives, and any failure on our part to effectively address such situations or to introduce new products could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Further, if our competitors are better positioned to respond to new or emerging technologies and are consequently able to reduce prices, we may be faced with a loss of market share. In particular, if we fail to adapt to the rapidly changing technological developments or fail to upgrade or adapt our existing products, our Products may become less attractive to customers. This could limit our ability to acquire new customers and cause us to lose existing customers to competitors, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our sales of products may reduce over time due to technological advancements and to respond successfully to technological advances, we may require substantial capital expenditures and access to related or enabling technologies in order to integrate the new technology with our existing technology. There can be no assurance that we shall have sufficient financial resources necessary in successfully responding to such technological advances and developments in a timely and cost-effective way. Further, a slowdown in demand for our existing products ahead of a new product introduction could result in a write down in the value of inventory on hand related to existing products. and such slowdowns and delays may occur in the future. Further, if our customers, defer or cancel orders for our existing Products due to introduction of alternative products, which are much more suitable and preferred as an option, our operating results could be adversely affected. 

The processes for the manufacture of stainless-steel pipes or tubes have essentially remained unchanged since we began in our business. While we are unaware of any significant new developments in these areas, in case a new way of manufacturing stainless steel pipes or tubes is discovered that significantly decreases the cost of production, in order to compete effectively, we may be required to replace our existing machines with the new ones and thereby incur additional capital expenditure, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

**_10. The pricing in the steel industry is subject to market demand, volatility and economic conditions. Fluctuations in steel prices may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, prospects and financial conditions._** 

Low steel prices adversely affect the businesses and results of operations of steel product producers generally, including ours, resulting in lower revenue and margins and write-downs of products and raw material inventories. Further, substantial decreases in steel and steel product prices during periods of economic weakness have not always been balanced by commensurate price increases during periods of 

28 

economic strength. Any sustained price recovery shall require a broad economic recovery, in order to underpin an increase in real demand for steel and steel products by end users. In addition, the volatility, length and nature of business cycles affecting the steel and steel products industry may become increasingly unpredictable, and the recurrence of another major downturn in the industry may have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

**_11. We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property and may be subject to claims that we infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, each of which could substantially harm our business._** 

We believe that the brand under which our business operates is an important asset which is integral to our success. As of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Company has one registered trademark in respect of “manufacturer of stainless steel and carbon steel pipes and fittings” that has been registered under the Trademarks Act, 1999. For further information, see “ _Government and other Approvals – Approvals in relation to intellectual property of our Company_ ” on page 294.While we intend to defend against any threats to our intellectual property, there can be no assurance that such protection measures shall be sufficient to prevent misappropriation of our intellectual property and that third parties shall not infringe upon our intellectual property, causing damage to our business prospects, brand image, reputation and goodwill. 

We may need to litigate in order to determine the validity of such claims and the scope of the proprietary rights of others. Any such litigation could be time consuming and costly and the outcome cannot be guaranteed. We may not be able to detect any unauthorized use or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce or protect our intellectual property. In the event that the steps we may take and the protections afforded by law do not adequately safeguard our proprietary rights, we could suffer losses in revenues and profits due to competing sales of products unlawfully produced which may have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, we have entered into nondisclosure agreements or confidentiality agreements with some of our employees, consultants or other parties to protect our proprietary rights. However, there can be no assurance that (i) such agreements shall not be breached; or that (ii) we shall be able to secure adequate remedies for any breach under such agreements. 

Our Products are marketed both domestically and internationally and as a part of our endeavour to expand into new markets, we would require a strong brand recall value for our Products in such markets. However, any instances of (i) decrease in product quality due to reasons beyond our control; (ii) circulation of lowquality counterfeit products in the markets (iii) unsubstantiated allegations of product quality may motivate our existing and potential customers to explore business relationships with our competitors. As a result, any adverse publicity involving our brand, our Products, or us, may impair our reputation, dilute the impact of our branding and marketing initiatives and adversely affect our business and our prospects. In the event that such breaches do occur and we are unable to secure adequate remedies in relation thereto, our profitability and reputation may be adversely affected with consequent impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 

**_12. We have historically derived a significant portion of our domestic revenues from our business operations in a limited number of markets. Any adverse developments or loss of business from one or more of these markets may adversely affect our revenues and profitability._** 

We have historically derived a significant portion of our domestic revenue in India from the sale of our products in the states of Gujarat, Maharashtra and Telangana. Set forth below is a summary of our domestic revenue concentration for nine-month period ending December 31, 2021, Fiscal year 2021, 2020 and 2019 and respectively: 

|**Reference**<br>**State**|**Nine**<br>**months**<br>**ending**<br>**Decemb**<br>**er**<br>**31,**<br>**2021**<br>**(in ₹**<br>**Million)**|**Revenue**<br>**Percentage**<br>**Concentrati**<br>**on**<br>**(%)**|**FY 2021**<br>**(in ₹**<br>**Million)**|**Revenue**<br>**Percentag**<br>**e**<br>**Concentra**<br>**tion**<br>**(%)**|**FY 2020**<br>**(in ₹**<br>**Million)**|**Revenue**<br>**Percentag**<br>**e**<br>**Concentra**<br>**tion**<br>**(%)**|**FY**<br>**2019**<br>**(in ₹**<br>**Million)**|**Revenue**<br>**Percentag**<br>**e**<br>**Concentra**<br>**tion**<br>**(%)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Gujarat**|1396.33|90.59|1,964.29|93.81|1,196.11|95.42|660.79|88.81|



29 

|**Maharasht**|752.08||573.17||286.49||219.55||
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|**ra**|||||||||
|**Telangana**|119.63||225.63||156.68||55.30||
|**Others**|235.59|9.41|182.27|6.19|78.71|4.58|117.94|11.19|
|**Total**|**2503.63**|**100.00**|**2,945.36**|**100.00**|**1,717.98**|**100.00**|**1,053.57**|**100.00**|



Accordingly, any materially adverse social, political or economic development, natural calamities, civil disruptions, regulatory developments or changes in the policies of the state or local government in these regions could adversely affect our business operations, result in modification of our business strategy or require us to incur significant capital expenditure, which will in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We believe we have maintained good quality standard of our manufacturing process as well as the products we sell and export, however, there can be no assurance that customers of these states will continue to buy our products, we cannot assure that we shall generate the same quantum of business, or any business at all, from these states, and loss of business from one or more of them may adversely affect our revenues and profitability. As a result of significant reliance on a limited set of states for the majority of our revenue, we may face certain issues such as pricing pressures as well. Further, our sales from these regions may decline as a result of increased competition or any change in the demand for our products by the customers of these states, regulatory action, pricing pressures, fluctuations in the demand for or supply of our products or services, or the outbreak of an infectious disease such as COVID- 19. We may further be subject to counterparty credit risk and any delay in receiving payments or non-receipt of payments from our customers in these states may adversely impact our results of operation. Further, our failure to effectively react to these situations or to successfully introduce new products or sell in these markets to cater to the needs of our customers could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The occurrence of, or our inability to effectively respond to, any such events or effectively manage the competition in these regions, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and future business prospects. 

**_13. Our manufacturing capacity may not correspond precisely to our customers’ demands. An inability to effectively utilize our manufacturing capacities may affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

We believe that with our industry knowledge, expertise and production capabilities, we are in a position to manufacture our Products in order to satisfy our customers’ demands and our manufacturing capacity further enables us to expand our potential customer base. However, our customers may require us to have a certain percentage of excess capacity that would allow us to meet unexpected increases in supply orders. The volume and timing of sales to our customers may vary due to a number of reasons, including but not limited to, manufacturing strategy, growth strategy and macroeconomic factors affecting the economy in general and our customers in particular. 

In the event that we are unable to procure sufficient raw materials, we would not be able to effectively utilize our current manufacturing capacities, resulting in operational inefficiencies which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Further, if our customers place orders for less than anticipated volume or cancel existing orders or change their policies resulting in reduced quantities being supplied by us, it could result in the under-utilization of our manufacturing capacities. 

Further, we make significant decisions, including determining the levels of business that we shall seek and accept, production schedules, personnel requirements and other resource requirements, based on our internal estimates and targets and strive to ensure that our production capacity is, at all times, utilized at optimum levels. For the purposes of achieving the said optimum utilization levels, we endeavour to maintain a tied-up order book for a minimum period of two months. Our marketing team is provided with the production capacity numbers for the third month for the purposes of ensuring that the order book is tiedup for the next block of two months for which our marketing team seeks orders and quotations from existing and potential customers. Although, we have been able to generally achieve optimum capacity levels in the past, there can be no assurance that the same shall be maintained in the future. Further, there can be no assurance that our marketing team would be successful in convincing our existing and potential customers to purchase our Products in a timely manner or at all for reasons, including but not limited to (i) order cancellations, (ii) lack of purchasing capacity of our customers, (iii) more efficient manufacturing and delivery processes of our competitors; (iv) our inability to deliver products with certain specifications. 

30 

Occasionally, our customers may require rapid increase in order quantities beyond our available capacity, and we may not have sufficient capacity at any given time to meet sharp increases in these requirements. 

While we strive to ensure that we achieve and maintain the optimum capacity levels, our inability to forecast the level of customer demand for our Products, as well as inability to accurately schedule our raw material purchases and production and manage our inventory, may result in we not being able to achieve and maintain the optimum capacity levels at all times or at all, which may adversely affect our business and cash flows from operations. In addition, our inability to accurately forecast demand of our Products may result in mismatches in our production demand and our capacity and any such mismatches leading to underutilization of our Manufacturing Facility could affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_14. We have entered into a third-party job work agreement for the purposes of outsourcing a part of our manufacturing process. Lapses on part of the third-party are beyond our control and it could impact our business, financial condition and result of operation._** 

We have entered into a job work agreement dated December 15, 2021 (“ **Job Work Agreement** ”) with a third-party manufacturer (“ **Jobworker** ”) for the purposes of outsourcing annealing of our Products, a common heat-treatment process for dissolving any precipitates present in the material and transforming the material into a single phase structure. This process is commonly used for the purpose of removing internal stress, restores ductility, softens the metal for cold working and enhances electrical conductivity, which can improve machinability and properties of stainless steel. 

We have engaged the services of the Jobworker on the basis of representations and warranties furnished to us that the Jobworker possesses adequate manufacturing capacity at its factory site, along with the necessary labour, personnel, plant, machinery, licenses, statutory approvals and facilities required for the annealing of our Products. Although we have no reasons to believe that such representations and warranties are untrue as on the date on which they were made and thereafter, there can be no assurance that the Jobworker (i) is not presently in breach of such representations and warranties; and/or (ii) shall not be in such breach in the future. Any such breach of representations and warranties may restrict the Jobworker to efficaciously discharge his obligations towards the Company under the Job Work Agreement which may have an adverse impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, in case any regulatory authorities were to take an action against the Jobworker, on account of non-compliance with applicable laws or for any other reason, resulting in a stoppage or inordinate delays in their operations, our production cycle may be adversely impacted which may lead to delays in deliveries of our Products to our end-customers. There can be no assurance that our clients shall be accommodative of delays due to factors outside our control and in such a case we may not be able to successfully (i) retain our existing clients; and (ii) attract new customers which may have an adverse impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, the Jobworker is an independent contract and the Company does not have any direct supervision or control over the manner of execution of its responsibilities under the Job Work Agreement. In case the Jobworker fails to provide quality services commensurate with the standards expected by the Company and its end-customers in a timely manner or at all, the Company may be subject to the risk of (i) losing its clients/customers to its competitors; and/or (ii) being sued by them for supplying products of a sub-standard quality. The Company does not have the right to seek indemnification for such losses from the Jobworker under the Job Work Agreement and may not also be in a position to successfully pass on such losses to its other customers, in part or in full or at all. Any such losses or damages, if incurred, may have an adverse impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Although the Job Work Agreement provides for a confidentiality clause, there can be no assurance that client-sensitive information shall be kept confidential by the Jobworker. Any compromise in any confidential information may expose us to (i) potential actions from our customers, (ii) loss of confidence in the Company; (iii) losing part or whole of our engagement with our clients which may have an adverse effect on not just the current orders with that customer, but also on future orders with other customers. We may enter into similar agreements for other line of manufacturing and may outsource other manufacturing processes in the future. Resultantly, we may not be able to negotiate and execute long form contracts with such jobworkers in the future with adequate precaution and terms favorable to our interest or at all. Such arrangements may expose to product liability claims or financial damages and for which we may not be 

31 

able to seek indemnification for losses due to their lapses which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_15. Our existing international operations and our plans to expand into additional overseas markets subject us to various business, economic, political, regulatory and legal risks._** 

We supply our Products in overseas markets such as the European Union, Brazil, United Kingdom, Israel etc. The revenues from exports aggregated to ₹ 264.06 million, ₹ 147.95 million, ₹ 60.10 million and ₹ 133.95 million for the nine-month period ended December 31, 2021 and Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively and as a percentage of our revenue from operations, were 9.54%, 4.78%, 3.38% and 11.28%, respectively. The decline in our revenues from exports Fiscal 2019 to Fiscal 2020 was on account of unfavourable market conditions persisting in the European market during that period. Although we have not experienced such downward fluctuations in our revenues on a regular basis, there can be no assurance that fluctuations on account of unfavourable market conditions shall not occur in the future. Any such fluctuations, if they occur, may adversely affect our profitability, results of operations and financial condition. We do not possess our own network of distributors and retailers in these markets and have entered into agreements with third parties for the distribution of our Products in some of these markets. If these third parties fail to provide the support and effort necessary to distribute our Products, our ability to expand our operations in such jurisdiction may be negatively impacted. 

We plan to continue to expand our presence in international markets by focusing on target countries globally. The markets in which we operate and plan to operate in the future are diverse and fragmented, with varying levels of economic and infrastructure development and distinct legal and regulatory systems, and do not operate seamlessly across borders as a single or common market. We may require considerable management attention and financial resources for managing our growing business across these international markets. Our multinational operations are subject to inherent risks, including, but not limited to: 

- entry barrier and difficulties in establishing brand recognition; 

- uncertainties in cooperation with new local business partners, including distributors, logistics and transportation partners; 

- inability to adapt to consumers’ preferences and local trends in new regions; 

- exposure to expropriation or other government actions in new regions; 

- existence of onerous clauses like indemnification and liquidated damages in our agreements with international clients/distributors 

- increased costs related to raw materials and marketing our Products in new regions; 

- start-up costs related to establishing offices, infrastructure and services in new regions; 

- longer accounts receivable collection periods and greater difficulty in accounts receivable collection due to lower bargaining power in a less familiar market; 

- potential foreign exchange and repatriation controls on foreign earnings, exchange rate fluctuations and currency conversion restrictions; 

- the burden of complying with a variety of foreign laws, including delays or difficulties in obtaining government approvals and permits, import and export licenses, and regulations and unexpected changes in the legal and regulatory environment, including changes to import and export regulations; 

- increases in distribution and transportation costs; 

- uncertainty regarding liability for products; 

- actions which may be taken by foreign governments pursuant to any applicable trade or other restrictions; 

- difficulties and costs of staffing and managing multiple multinational operations; 

- reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some jurisdictions, at a reasonable cost or at all; 

- • potentially adverse tax consequences, including tax consequences which may arise in connection with intercompany pricing for transactions between separate legal entities within a group operating in different tax jurisdictions; 

- credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud; 

- inability to obtain adequate insurance; 

- challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences, and by commencing business relationship with foreign partners and foreign agencies; and; 

- political and economic instability including potential for political unrest, war or acts of terrorism in countries in which we operate. 

32 

We may be unsuccessful in developing and implementing policies and strategies that shall be effective in managing these risks in each country where we do business or plan to do business. Our failure to manage these risks successfully could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Further, we may face competition in other countries from companies that have more experience with operations in such countries or with international operations generally. We may not be able to compete with such companies if we are unable to offer competitive products at better price points which appeal to consumers in such markets. If we are unable to successfully build our brand reputation in the international markets, it may limit our ability to grow our business. Also, by expanding into new regions and markets, we may be exposed to significant liability and could lose some or all of our investment in such regions, as a result of which our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

**_16. We may not be able to sustain our historical growth rates, and our historical performance may not be indicative of our future growth or financial results._** 

If we are unable to sustain or manage our growth, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. We have experienced significant growth in the past three Fiscals. Our revenue from operations grew at a CAGR of 61 %, our EBITDA grew at a CAGR of 105 % and our profit after tax has increased at a CAGR of 151.04 % from Fiscal 2019 to Fiscal 2021 _._ We cannot assure you that our growth strategy will continue to be successful or that we will be able to continue to expand further, or at the same rate. The success of our business will depend greatly on our ability to effectively implement our business and growth strategy. Our strategy includes, among others, increasing existing capacity, Backward integration and cost optimization to improve margins, tap new geographies to increase exports, continue to improve efficiencies through technology enhancements and strengthen our brand value. For further details, see “ _Our Business –Our Strategies_ ” on page 144. Such a growth strategy will place significant demands on our management as well as our operating systems and require us to continuously evolve and improve our operational, financial and internal controls across our organization. In particular, continued expansion increases the challenges involved in making accurate assessments of the resources we will require; acquiring new customers and increasing or maintaining contribution from existing customers; procuring raw materials at cheap cost; recruiting, training and retaining sufficient skilled management; maintaining high levels of customer satisfaction; and adhering to expected performance and quality standards. The anticipated benefits from these strategies and initiatives are based on several assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate, including assumptions as to the key trends that will drive growth in our business. Moreover, we may not be able to successfully complete these growth initiatives, strategies, and operating plans without making additional expenditures or at all. If we are unable to complete these initiatives, strategies, and operating plans, we may not realize all the benefits we currently anticipate, including the growth targets and cost savings, we expect to achieve. A variety of risks could cause us not to realize some or all the expected benefits. These risks include, among others, delays in the anticipated timing of activities related to such growth initiatives, strategies, and operating plans; the secular trends on which many of our strategies and initiatives are based not materializing or not materializing to the degree expected; increased difficulty and cost in implementing our growth efforts; inability to raise funds in the future, including for the purposes of future capital expenditure, and the incurrence of other unexpected costs associated with operating the business. Many of these factors are beyond our control and there is no assurance that we will succeed in implementing our strategy. If any of the assumptions underlying our growth initiatives prove to be inaccurate or any of the foregoing risks materialize, we may not realize the expected benefits of our initiatives and we may be adversely affected. Further, as we scale-up and diversify our products, we may not be able to execute our operations efficiently, which may result in delays, increased costs and lower quality products. We cannot assure you that our future performance or growth strategy will be in line with our past performance or growth strategy. If, for any reason, the benefits we realize are less than our estimates or the implementation of these growth initiatives, strategies, and operating plans adversely affect our operations or cost more or take longer to effectuate than we expect, or if our assumptions, including our assumptions with respect to growth of our end-markets, prove inaccurate, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 

**_17. A portion of our revenues and expenses are denominated in foreign currencies. As a result, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange risks and regulatory changes in foreign exchange management which may adversely impact our results of operations._** 

Apart from our operations in India of which our sales are denominated in Indian Rupees, we also sell our Products in and source our raw materials from several other countries and receive/make payments in foreign currencies. Fluctuation in foreign currencies exchange rates could have adverse effects on our 

33 

business, results of operations and financial condition. We import a majority of raw material i.e. hollow pipes required for manufacturing of seamless pipes, mainly from China and stainless steel coils are mainly procured from Malaysia and Indonesia. Our imports constituted 12.98%, 14.33%, 5.48%, and 12.94% of our total purchase for the nine-month period ended December 31, 2021 and Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

Further, we source some of our raw materials from China. The rising tension between India and China has resulted in the Government of India imposing restrictions on business relations with Chinese enterprises, such as Press Note No. 3 promulgated by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade, Ministry of Commerce and Industry, in April 2020, which requires that foreign direct investments in India would be allowed from countries sharing land borders with India only after obtaining approval of the Government of India. There is no assurance that there will not be further regulatory restrictions on conducting business activities with Chinese enterprises. 

Our business and results from operations may be affected in the event that the exchange rate between the international currencies and the Indian Rupee fluctuates and. we have in the past experienced net foreign currency exchange losses to the extent of ₹ 2.73 million for the Fiscal 2019. Although in the subsequent periods, viz. for the nine-months period ended December 31, 2021 and Fiscals 2021, 2020 there were net foreign currency exchange gains aggregating to ₹ 1.99 million, ₹12.18 million and ₹1.17 million respectively, there can be no assurance that we shall not be subject to such foreign currency exchange losses in the future. Depreciation of the Indian Rupee against such international currencies may have an adverse effect on our total expenses and profit. Further, volatility in exchange rates would result in an increase in the cost of our Products. We may not be able to pass on such increase in costs to our customers. Certain markets in which we sell our Products may be subject to exchange control risks, which may result in either delayed recovery or even non-realization of revenue. In addition, the policies of the RBI may also change from time to time, which may limit our ability to effectively hedge our foreign currency exposures and may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. For particulars of our foreign exchange risk, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on page 253. 

**_18. The emergence of modern trade channels in the form of online retailers may adversely affect our pricing ability, and result in temporary loss of retail shelf space and disrupt sales of our Products, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition._** 

While currently our product sales are through traditional trade channels on a Business-to Business (“ **B2B** ”) model, in order to address the competition and consumer preferences, we may be expected in the future to sell some or all of our Products to our customers through online retailing considering the increasing popularity of modern trade channels in India which has witnessed the emergence and growth of such online retailers and we believe that the market penetration of online retail in India is likely to continue to increase in coming times. While we believe this may provide us with an opportunity to improve our supply chain efficiencies and increase the visibility of our brands, we may not be able to successfully negotiate such arrangements on terms favorable to us or at all, which some of our large competitors may be in a position to do, placing us in a position of disadvantage. The online retailers may have exclusivity arrangements with our competitors, and may be unable to, or decline to, stock and distribute our Products, which in turn may limit our ability to expand our retail network. Any inability on our part to enter into agreements at all or on terms favourable to us, may have an adverse effect on our pricing and margins, and consequently adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Further, our marketing budgets may not be comparable with such competitors who may be able to secure better online visibility and product promotion leading to deeper client penetration and recall value. Although currently we do not have any concretized business plan to introduce our Products on the modern trade channels, in an event we adopt a business plan on the same in the future, there can be no assurance that we shall be successful in expanding our retail network in accordance with any such plan, or at all, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_19. Our current and future expansion plans may require significant amount of capital. If we are unable to raise additional capital, our business prospects, results and financial condition could be adversely affected._** 

We plan to further penetrate our presence in both India and the international markets and expand our business operations including manufacturing and sales. We may fund these development plans through a 

34 

variety of sources, including borrowings, internal accruals and cash flow from operations. We expect our long-term capital requirements to increase significantly to fund our intended growth and we cannot assure that we shall have sufficient capital resources for these new expansion plans or any future expansion plans that we may have. While we expect our internal accruals, cash flow from operations and available credit facilities to be adequate to fund our existing commitments, there can be no assurance that the same shall be adequate to fund our expansion plans and our ability to secure these amounts is dependent upon the success of our operations. Additionally, the inability to obtain sufficient financing or the inability of one or more of our financiers to provide committed funding could adversely affect our ability to complete expansion plans. Moreover, there can be no assurance that market conditions and other factors would permit us to obtain future financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Our ability to arrange financing and the costs of capital of such financing are dependent on numerous factors, including general economic and capital market conditions, credit availability from banks, investor confidence, the continued success of our operations and other laws that are conducive to our raising capital in this manner. Any downgrade in our credit ratings could increase our borrowing costs and adversely affect our access to capital. Further, in case we decide to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked instruments, the interests of our shareholders may be diluted. Further, if we decide to meet our capital requirements through debt financing, our interest obligations shall increase and we may be subject to additional restrictive covenants under our respective financing arrangements. If we are unable to raise adequate capital in a timely manner and on acceptable terms, or at all, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

We have continuous working capital requirements for maintaining sufficient raw material, stores and inventories of finished products, sundry debtor and other current assets during the course of our business operations. 

Over the periods indicated in the table below, our Company has witnessed (i) improved profitability; and (ii) improved debt to equity ratio whilst maintaining its total borrowings at a significantly lower number (on a consistent basis) vis-a-vis increase in its year-on-year turnover. 

|**Reference**|**For the nine-**<br>**months period**<br>**ended December**<br>**31, 2021**<br>**(in ₹ Million)**|**For the year**<br>**ended March 31,**<br>**2021**<br>**(in ₹ Million)**|**For the year ended**<br>**March 31, 2020**<br>**(in ₹ Million)**|**For the year ended**<br>**March 31, 2019**<br>**(in ₹ Million)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Turnover|2767.69|3,093.31|1778.08|1,187.52|
|Profit and Loss|235.95|236.32|41.28|37.50|
|**Reference**|**As at December**<br>**31, 2021**|**As at March 31,**<br>**2021**|**As at March 31, 2020**|**As at March 31, 2019**|
|Debt-to-Equity<br>Ratio|0.42|0.94|2.62|2.42|
|Long Term<br>Borrowing (A)|163.16|184.89|185.85|144.01|
|Short Term<br>Borrowing (B)|336.90|190.13|240.26|150.18|
|Total Borrowing (A<br>+ B)|500.06|375.02|426.11|294.19|



Although, presently our borrowings are significantly less vis-à-vis our turnover, however, there can be no assurance that we shall not increase our borrowing/leverage levels in the future in order to execute our growth strategy and expanding our business operations for improving our overall profitability. If in future we are unable to provide sufficient collateral to secure the letters of credit, bank guarantees or performance bonds, our ability to enter into new contracts could be limited. Providing security to obtain letters of credit, bank guarantees and performance bonds increases our working capital needs and requirements and limits our ability to repatriate funds in order to meet our contractual obligations or pay dividends. Although we tie up our working capital requirements with our lenders, however, such tie-ups may not be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements in future, considering our expansion plans. Also, there can be no assurance that the budgeting of our working capital requirements for a particular year shall be accurate. There may be situations wherein we may under-budget our working capital requirements, in which case there may be delays in arranging additional working capital, which may consequently disrupt the ongoing operations at our Manufacturing Facility leading to loss of reputation, levy of liquidated damages and an 

35 

adverse effect on the cash flows. Further, we may not be able to continue obtaining new letters of credit, bank guarantees, and performance guarantees in sufficient quantities to meet our business requirements. In case we experience insufficient cash flows or are unable to borrow funds on a timely basis or at all to meet working capital requirement, there may be an adverse effect on our business operations and financial condition. 

Further, as a part of our business operations, we secure materials from our raw material suppliers subsequent to the receipt of orders from our customers. However, there have been instances in the past wherein we have experienced cancellations of our customer orders due to which we were unable to utilize the ordered raw material. Typically, such raw materials are utilized for subsequent orders, however, such a situation increases the holding period for the said raw material requiring us to maintain working capital coverage in relation to the same for a longer period. There can be no assurance that (i) such order cancellations shall not occur in the future and (ii) we shall be able to successfully maintain the necessary working capital requirements, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_20. Our raw material cost constitutes a significant percentage of our total expenses._** 

We undertake procurement of raw materials from both domestic and international sources based on factors including but not limited to market availability, pricing and quality. Our basic raw material includes SS coils and hollow pipes and we procure our raw materials based on market availability, pricing and quality through three main channels: (i) domestic suppliers such as steel manufacturers, stockists and traders; (ii) international suppliers from China, Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore; and (iii) high sea purchases. The cost of materials consumed (including Purchase of Stock in trade and changes in inventory) by us in our operations accounted for 82.09%, 84.53%, 88.29% and 85.58% of our revenue from operations for the ninemonth period ended December 31, 2021 and Fiscals 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. We are exposed to the price risk associated with purchasing our raw materials consumed, which form the highest component of our expenses. Further, in cases where the holding period of the raw material exceeds the average holding period, we may require to have additional working capital coverage, for the purposes of maintaining such raw materials which may increase our raw material cost. Although, we endeavour to accommodate such excessive cost in our subsequent/future orders, there can be no assurance that we shall be successful in passing such costs to our customers in the subsequent orders in part, or in full, or at all. Further, any increase in the price of raw materials consumption, which our Company is unable to pass on the impact of, would have a material adverse effect on our Company’s business and financial position. 

Further, in case of high sea sales, the raw material supplied is on CIF basis wherein the risk with respect to any damage or loss of raw material rests with the supplier who is responsible to secure adequate insurance coverage at the time of supply of raw material. In case of loss, the advance paid to the supplier, if any, is typically recoverable subsequent to the suppler receiving the insurance claim. Although we believe that we enjoy a strong relationship with our suppliers and that our suppliers shall honour their commercial commitments, there can be no assurance any such advance amount paid shall be reversed by our suppliers to us, in a timely manner or at all subsequent to realisation of the insurance claim. Any such failure on the part of our suppliers may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_21. A slowdown or shutdown in our manufacturing operations could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our business is dependent upon our ability to manage our Manufacturing Facility, which are subject to various operating risks, including productivity of our workforce, compliance with regulatory requirements and those beyond our control, such as the breakdown and failure of equipment or industrial accidents, severe weather conditions, natural disasters, as well as loss of licenses, certifications and permits, regulatory changes and government imposition of closure or lockdown. Any significant malfunction or breakdown of our machinery may entail significant repair and maintenance costs, difficulties with production costs, product quality issues, disruption in electrical power or water resources and could cause disruptions in our operations or shut down the affected Manufacturing Facility. Our inability to effectively respond to any shutdown or slowdown and rectify any disruption, in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, could result in us being unable to satisfy our contractual commitments, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For example, our Manufacturing Facility in Kutch was shut down from March 22, 2020 to April 23, 2020 due to a nation-wide lockdown after COVID-19 was 

36 

declared as a pandemic and the operation of such Manufacturing Facility was only resumed from April 24, 2020. 

Further, we have employed a total of 203 permanent employees and 159 employees working on a contractual basis, as of February 28, 2022. Although, we have not experienced any strikes or labour unrest in the past, there can be no assurance that we shall not experience disruptions in work in the future due to disputes or other problems with our work force. Any disagreements with labour unions or labour unrest directed against us, could directly or indirectly prevent or hinder our normal operating activities, and, if not resolved in a timely manner, could lead to disruptions in our operations, which in turn could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows. 

**_22. We rely on our Manufacturing Facility in Kutch, Gujarat, India as our only Manufacturing Facility and any adverse developments affecting this facility and the region could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We currently operate only one Manufacturing Facility for manufacturing all of our Products, which is located in Dhaneti, Kutch, Gujarat, India. For details, see “ _Business - Description of Our Business - Our Operations – Manufacturing_ ”. Our Manufacturing Facility is subject to operating risks, such as the breakdown or failure of equipment, power supply or processes, performance below expected levels of output, efficiency, labour disputes, strikes, environmental issues, lockouts, non-availability of services of our external contractors etc. Further, any significant malfunction or breakdown of our machinery or equipment at the Manufacturing Facility may entail significant repair and maintenance costs and cause delays in our operations. In the event that we are forced to shut down our Manufacturing Facility for a significant period of time, it would have a material adverse effect on our earnings, our results of operations and our financial condition as a whole. 

Our business is dependent on our ability to manage our Manufacturing Facility, including productivity of our workforce, compliance with regulatory requirements and those beyond our control, such as the breakdown and failure of equipment or industrial accidents and severe weather conditions and natural disasters. Our inability to effectively respond to any slowdown or shutdown and to rectify any disruption, in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, could also lead to an inability to comply with our customers’ requirements and would result in us breaching our contractual obligations. Any disruption to the operations at our Manufacturing Facility may result in an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, any significant social, political or economic disruption, or natural calamities or civil disruptions or breakdown of services and utilities in the region where Manufacturing Facility is located, or changes in the policies of the state or local governments of such region, may require us to incur significant capital expenditure, or change our business structure or strategy, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_23. Disruption of our relationships with our stockists, traders, distributors, changes in their business practices, their failure to meet payment schedules and provide timely and accurate information, conflicts among our channels of distribution or our inability to further expand our distribution network could adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations._** 

We have an extensive sales network, both domestically and internationally, comprising of stockists, traders, distributors and a market representative in order to increase our market penetration.  Although we have not entered into long-term agreements with such stockists, traders, distributors and a market representative, we believe that our relationship with these parties has consolidated over a period of time and that the commercial terms and conditions offered by us and agreed to by them are favourable for a continued business relationship. However, there can be no assurance that such commercial relationship shall continue in the future at commercially viable terms or at all. Our competitors may offer our stockists, traders, and distributors more favourable terms or may have more products available to meet their needs or utilize the leverage of broader product lines to be sold through them and consequently these entities may decline to distribute our Products in the relevant jurisdictions. The relevant purchase orders with these parties may be amended or cancelled at any time, and should such an amendment or cancellation take place, it may adversely impact our production schedules and inventories. Further, due to the lack of long-term agreements, these entities are not contractually bound to provide us with a specific volume of business and can terminate our engagement with or without cause, with little or no advance notice and without compensation. Further, our stockists, traders, distributors could change their business practices, such as inventory levels, or seek to modify their contractual terms, such as payment terms. We may face the 

37 

pressure to modify our trading terms if our stockists, traders, distributors are unable or unwilling to continue engaging with us on presently agreed commercial terms. Additionally, unexpected changes in inventory levels or other practices by our stockists, traders, distributors could negatively affect our business, cash flows and results of operations. There can be no assurance that such entities shall be able to successfully maintain or strengthen their relationship with us, and their failure to do so may adversely affect our business, cash flows and results in operations. In order to expand the sales volume of our Products, it is essential that we continue to expand the density as well as the geographic reach of our existing distribution network and ensure that our Products reach every market segment and customer base. If we are unable to continue to expand our relationships with such entities, our business may suffer. 

**_24. We may receive customer complaints and as a result may face product recalls, product liability claims and legal proceedings, if the quality of our Products does not meet our customers’ expectations, in which case our business and revenues, and ultimately our reputation, could be negatively affected._** 

Although in the past we have not received any major complaints from our stockists, traders, distributors and clients with respect to our product quality, we have no control over our stockists, traders, distributors and clients (i) alleging harm/loss caused to them due to the quality of products supplied by us; and (ii) instituting product liability claims, product recall claims and legal proceedings against us and our promoters and directors claiming product recalls, liquidated damages, indemnification claims etc. and therefore, we cannot assure that we shall not experience any product recalls or material product liability losses in the future or that we shall not incur significant costs to defend any such claims. 

In case (i) such actions are instituted against the Company and/or our promoters and directors or are alleged to cause harm/loss to such entities; or (ii) there is a change in applicable law or there are rulings against us by courts or tribunals in relation to the quality of our Products, we may need to make provisions in our financial statements, which could increase our expenses and our current liabilities. Further, any such situation may have a reputational impact on our brand, goodwill and market presence and our stockists, traders, distributors and clients may choose to not do business with us, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Further, we do not have any insurance cover to protect us from claims from customers in our international markets. A product recall or a product liability claim entails significant costs which may be in excess of our available insurance coverage, and may expose us to unanticipated losses/exposures thereby adversely affecting our reputation, business and revenues. 

**_25. There are outstanding litigations pending against us, which, if determined adversely, could affect our operations. We could suffer significant litigation expenses in defending these claims and could be subject to significant damage, compensation, or other remedies._** 

In the ordinary course of our business, we may receive consumer protection claims, product liability claims, general commercial claims related to the conduct of our business and the performance of our Products and services, employment claims and other litigation claims. Litigation resulting from these claims could be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of management and key personnel from our business operations. 

There are certain outstanding legal proceedings against our Company and Directors. These proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals, quasi-judicial authorities and appellate tribunals and, if determined adversely, could adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. While there are currently no litigations against the Company and Directors except for (i) a matter pertaining to indirect taxation involving an amount of ₹11.88 million, and (ii) a matter pertaining to indirect taxation against one of our Directors involving an amount of ₹16.83 million there is no certainty that we shall have no litigations in the future, which may impact our business and result of operation. 

The amounts claimed in these legal proceedings have been disclosed to the extent ascertainable and include amounts claimed jointly and severally. Although the Company has not presently made any provisioning for probable liabilities, if any, arising out of these legal proceedings, in case any new developments arise, such as a change in the applicable laws or rulings against us by appellate courts or tribunals, we may need to make provisions in our financial statements that could increase our expenses and current liabilities. 

There can be no assurance that these legal proceedings shall be decided in favour of our Company and Directors, as the case may be, or that no further liability shall arise out of these proceedings. Further, such 

38 

legal proceedings could divert management time and attention and consume financial resources. Any adverse outcome in any of these proceedings may adversely affect our profitability and reputation and may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. For further details of certain material legal proceedings involving our Company, our Promoters, our Directors and our Group Companies, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” beginning on page 289. 

**_26. The success of our business depends substantially on a number of key management personnel, including our Promoters and management team, and on our operational workforce. Our inability to retain them or to recruit highly skilled technical personnel that are necessary for our business could adversely affect our businesses._** 

Our success substantially depends on the continued service and performance of the members of our senior management team and other key personnel in our business for the management and running of our daily operations and the planning and execution of our business strategy. Our key management personnel are experienced in managing our businesses and are difficult to replace. They provide expertise which enables us to make well informed decisions in relation to our businesses and our future prospects. For details of our key management personnel, see “ _Our Management_ ” on page 168. We cannot assure that we shall continue to retain any or all of the key members of our management. The loss of one or more members of our senior management team could severely impact our ability to execute our growth strategy and grow our revenues. 

While we believe that our future success depends largely on our continued ability to hire, assimilate, retain and leverage the skills of highly qualified and skilled personnel, we may not be as successful as our competitors at recruiting, assimilating, retaining and utilizing the skills of such personnel which may adversely affect our ability to realise our growth strategy. Further, our ability to sustain our growth depends significantly upon training these employees effectively. Additionally, we may take a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel if qualified personnel terminate their employment with us. Further, our overseas competitors may choose to locate research and development facilities in India and would likely be able to offer better compensation packages to such personnel. If we are unable to recruit and retain qualified personnel with the requisite experience, our growth and competitive position maybe adversely affected. 

**_27. We are subject to various government regulations and if we fail to obtain, maintain or renew our statutory and regulatory licenses, permits and approvals required to operate our business, our business, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. In addition, we have certain obligations under policies imposed and schemes launched by the government that may not be directly beneficial or profitable to our business._** 

Our operations are subject to extensive government regulation and we are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules in India and in respective regions that we have operations, generally for carrying out our business, producing and marketing our Products, for our Manufacturing Facility, and our warehouse. For details of applicable regulations and approvals relating to our business and operations, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 293. 

Failure by us to renew, maintain or obtain the required permits or approvals at the requisite time may result in the interruption of our operations and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. While we have obtained key approvals required for our business, we have also applied for, and are awaiting grant/renewal of certain key approvals. Failure to obtain or validly maintain such approvals could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In relation to financing the proposed project cost towards capacity expansion, technological upgradation, cost optimization of its operations and backward integration as disclosed on page 91 of the RHP under “ _Objects of the Issue_ ”, the Company proposes to increase its production capacity (i) from 600 MT per month to 1200 MT per month of welded pipes/tubes; and (ii) from 300 MT per month to 800 MT per month of higher diameter seamless pipes/tubes and installation of a piercing plant with a capacity of 800 MT per month for in-house manufacturing of hollow pipes as our backward integration strategy (“ **Capacity Expansion** ”). For achieving the above indicated Capacity Expansion in line with the Objects of the Issue, the Company is required to obtain modification/amendment to the existing licenses/approvals such as factory license, CTE, CCA at various stages of the Capacity Expansion. 

Further, in line with the prescribed process by GPCB, the Company is required to obtain amendment to CTE for Capacity Expansion prior commencement of construction of Civil and covered structure at its 

39 

manufacturing facilities. As per the revised Schedule of Implementation for the commencement of Civil and covered structure, as indicated on page 97 is June 2022. Accordingly, the Company had applied for the CTE amendment with GPCB vide application number '209123' on December 22, 2021 which was not processed due to submission of incomplete documentation. Thereafter, the Company filed a fresh CTE amendment application bearing number '255708' for establishing its new proposed plant on April 10, 2022 for approval from GPCB. ( **CTE Application** ”), which is currently pending. 

In case of a delay in receipt of CTE amendment approval there may be adverse impact on the schedule of implementation of the Capacity Expansion. For further details, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 293. The approvals required by our Company are subject to numerous conditions and there can be no assurance that these would not be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged noncompliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. If there is any failure by us to comply with the applicable regulations or if the regulations governing our business are amended, we may incur increased costs, be subject to penalties, have our approvals and permits revoked or suffer a disruption in our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business. 

**_28. Our Promoters and Directors, Jayantiram Motiram Choudhary and Megharam Sagramji Choudhary do not have any formal educational qualification._** 

Our ability to implement our business strategy depends largely on our ability to attract, train, motivate and retain highly skilled personnel. Competition for senior management and other key personnel with technical and industry expertise and education in our industry is intense, and we may not be able to recruit and retain suitable persons to replace the loss of any of our senior managers in a timely manner. In such a situation, our ability to realize our strategic objectives could be impaired. For instance, our Promoters and Directors Jayantiram Motiram Choudhary and Megharam Sagramji Choudhary, two of the founding Promoters of our Company, have played a critical role in the incorporation and promotion of our Company. Although Jayantiram Motiram Choudhary and Megharam Sagramji Choudhary have extensive experience of 10 and 15 years in the stainless steel industry, respectively, both of them have not received any formal education. There is no assurance that lack of formal education will not impact our business and operations in the future. 

**_29. Employee misconduct or failure of our internal processes or procedures could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain customers and subject us to significant legal liability and reputational harm._** 

Our business is exposed to the risk of employee misconduct or the failure of our internal processes and procedures. For example, misconduct by employees could involve the improper use or disclosure of confidential information, which could result in costly litigation and serious reputational or financial harm. While we strive to monitor, detect and prevent fraud or misappropriation by our employees, through various internal control measures and internal policies, the precautions we take to prevent and detect such activity may not be effective in all cases and we may be unable to adequately prevent or deter such activities in all cases. While we have not experienced such issues in the past, there could be instances of fraud and misconduct by our employees which may go unnoticed for certain periods of time before corrective action is taken. In addition, we may be subject to regulatory or other proceedings, including claims for alleged negligence, in connection with any such unauthorized transaction, fraud or misappropriation by our employees, which could adversely affect our goodwill, business prospects and future financial performance. Even when we identify instances of fraud and other misconduct and pursue legal recourse or file claims with our insurers, there can be no assurance that we shall recover any amounts lost through such fraud or other misconduct. 

**_30. Upon listing, we may be subject to additional costs/unanticipated expenses arising from the obligations that a listed public company has to comply with, under the applicable regulatory framework in India._** 

We are not a publicly listed company and have not, historically, been subjected to the increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large that is associated with being a listed company. As a listed public company, we shall incur legal, accounting, insurance and other expenses that we have not incurred as an unlisted public company, including costs associated with listed company reporting and corporate governance requirements. We expect that rules and regulations shall increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly, although we are currently unable to estimate these costs with any degree of certainty. Laws and regulations could also make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability 

40 

insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. Laws and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as our senior management. Furthermore, if we are unable to satisfy our obligations as a public company, we could be subject to delisting, fines, sanctions and other regulatory action and potentially civil litigation. Any such action could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flow. 

For instance, we shall be subject to the Listing Regulations which shall require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. Further, as a publicly listed company, we shall need to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention shall be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but there can be no assurance that we shall be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

**_31. Our financing agreements contain covenants that limit our flexibility in operating our business. Our inability to meet our obligations, including financial and other covenants under our debt financing arrangements could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our Company has availed loans in the ordinary course of business for the purposes of meeting working capital requirements and for capital expenditure. As on April 7, 2022, the outstanding amount under the secured fund based borrowings of our Company was ₹ 612.48 million, secured non-fund based facilities availed by our Company, was ₹ 70.55 million and other unsecured loan was ₹ 98.89 million _._ Our ability to meet our debt service obligations and repay our outstanding borrowings shall depend primarily on the cash generated by our business. Our financing agreements contain certain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to undertake certain types of transactions. These restrictive covenants _inter-alia_ require us to obtain either the prior permission of such banks or financial institutions or require us to inform them of various activities, including, among others, alteration of our capital structure, implementing any scheme of expansion/diversification/modernization, amending our articles of association or memorandum of association, undertaking any guarantee obligations on behalf of any third party or any other company or raising of additional debt or equity. In the event that we breach a restrictive covenant, our lenders could deem us to be in default and seek early repayment of loans among other consequences in case of an event of default. An event of default would also affect our ability to raise new funds or renew maturing borrowings as needed to conduct our operations and pursue our growth initiatives. Although we have received consents from our lenders for the Issue, these restrictive covenants may affect some of the rights of our Shareholders. For further information, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” beginning on page 250. 

In addition, certain terms of our borrowings require us to maintain financial ratios which are tested periodically, including on a quarterly or annual basis. In the event we breach any financial or other covenants contained in any of our financing arrangements, we may be required to immediately repay our borrowings either in whole or in part, together with any related costs. Certain of our financing arrangements also contain cross-default provisions which could automatically trigger defaults under other financing arrangements. Our failure to meet our obligations under the debt financing agreements could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_32. In the event our contingent liabilities materialize, our financial condition may be adversely affected._** 

As of December 31, 2021, our aggregate contingent liabilities amounted to ₹289.64 million. The following table sets forth certain information relating to our contingent liabilities as of December 31, 2021: 

# **Contingent liabilities** 

||(_in ₹ million_)|
|---|---|
|**Particulars**|**As of December 31, 2021**|
|Duty on import against Advance licenses for Export obligation|289.64|
|**Total**|**289.64**|



41 

We cannot assure you that these contingent liabilities shall not become established as liabilities. In the event any of these contingent liabilities become established as liabilities, it may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Further, there can be no assurance that we shall not incur similar or increased levels of contingent liabilities in the future. For further details, see also “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on page 253. 

**_33. Our financing agreements may entail interest at variable rates and any increases in interest rates may adversely affect our results of operations._** 

As on April 7, 2022, the aggregate of our long-term borrowings, current maturities of long-term borrowings and short-term borrowings of our Company was ₹781.92 million. The Company has in the past experienced instances of increases in interest rates under its financing arrangements. For instance, the applicable rate of interest in our financing facility availed from Karnataka Bank in terms of the sanction letter dated October 6, 2018 was 11% per annum was revised to 11.45% per annum vide sanction letter dated June 27, 2019 due to revision in the Marginal Cost of Funds based Lending Rate (“ **MCLR** ”), the minimum lending rate below which a bank is not permitted to lend. There was a further revision of the applicable interest rate to 13.5% per annum vide sanction letter dated March 30, 2021 due to migration from MCLR to External Bench Mark Based Lending Rate (“ **EBLR** ”). There can be no assurance that the interest rates would not increase in the future leading to increased interest costs of such loans. Any such increase could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, if interest rates increase, our interest payments shall increase and our ability to obtain additional debt and non-fund-based facilities could be adversely affected with a concurrent adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further details with respect to the description of interest typically payable under our financing agreements, please see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” beginning on page 250. 

**_34. Our Promoters and Directors have provided personal guarantees for loan facilities obtained by our Company, and any failure or default by our Company to repay such loans in accordance with the terms and conditions of the financing documents could trigger repayment obligations, which may affect the ability of our Promoters and Directors to effectively render their duties and thereby, adversely impact our business and operations._** 

Our Company has availed loans and facilities in the ordinary course of its business for, _inter alia_ , meeting working capital requirements, supplier financing and capital expenditure. Our Promoters and Directors Jayantiram Motiram Choudhary, Megharam Sagramji Choudhary, Dhruv Mahendrakumar Patel and Arun Axaykumar Kothari, have personally guaranteed the repayment of certain loan facilities availed by our Company. The details of the same are as below: 

|**S.No.**|**Lender**|**Type of**<br>**Loan**|**Loan**<br>**Amount**<br>**Sanctioned**<br>**(in ₹**<br>**million)**|**Applicable Rate of Interest**|**Guarantors**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|1.|State Bank of India|Cash Credit|450.00|2.75% over 6 months MCLR<br>Rate (Presently at 9.70 % p.a.)|1. Megharam<br>Sagramji<br>|
|2.|State Bank of India|Letter of<br>Credit|70.00|Applicable Commission|Choudhary<br>2. Jayantiram<br>|
|3.|State Bank of India|Term Loan<br>– I|8.53|4.00% over 6 months MCLR<br>Rate (Present at10.95% p.a)|Motiram<br>Choudhary<br>|
|4.|State Bank of India|Term Loan<br>–II|13.02|4.00% over 6 months MCLR<br>Rate (Present at 10.95% p.a)|3. Dhruv<br>Mahendrakumar<br>|
|5.|State Bank of India|Term Loan<br>–III|21.22|4.00% over 6 months MCLR<br>Rate (Present at 10.95% p.a)|Patel<br>4. Arun Axaykumar<br>|
|6.|State Bank of India|Term Loan<br>(GECL)|39.83|100 bps over 6 months MCLR<br>Rate (Presently at 7.95% p.a.)|Kothari|
|7.|State Bank of India|Term Loan<br>(GECL<br>Extension)|15.10|100 bps over 6 months MCLR<br>Rate (Presently at 7.95% p.a.)||
|8.|Tata<br>Capital<br>Financial<br>Services<br>Limited|Supplier<br>Financing|50.00|10.25% i.e. STLR less 7.80%||



42 

As of April 7, 2022, principal outstanding amounts from credit facilities personally guaranteed by them were ₹594.02 million, which constituted of 75.97% of our total outstanding indebtedness as on such date aggregating to ₹781.92 million. For details regarding the guarantees given by our Promoters, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters – Guarantees given by the Promoters_ ” beginning on page 167. 

Our Promoters and Directors may continue to provide such guarantees and other such securities post listing. In case of a default under our loan agreements, any of the guarantees provided by our Promoters and Directors may be invoked, which in turn, could have an impact on their ability to effectively service their obligations as Promoters and Directors of our Company in addition to negatively impacting their reputation and net worth and adversely affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, our Promoters and Directors may be required to liquidate their shareholding in our Company to settle the claims of the lenders, thereby diluting their shareholding in our Company. In the event our Promoters and Directors withdraw or terminate their guarantees, our lenders may require alternate guarantees, repayments of amounts outstanding or even terminate the loan facilities. We may not be successful in providing alternate guarantees satisfactory to the lenders, and as a result may be required to repay outstanding amounts or seek additional sources of capital, which could affect our financial condition and cash flows. 

**_35. Our Promoters, certain of our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel have interests in us other than reimbursement of expenses incurred and normal remuneration or benefits._** 

Our Promoters, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel may be deemed to be interested to the extent of Equity Shares held by them and by members of our Promoter Group, as well as to the extent of any dividends, bonuses or other distributions on such Equity Shares. As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus our Promoters and certain members of our Promoters Group hold 97,82,850 Equity Shares representing 64.27% of the pre-issued, subscribed and paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. Upon completion of the Issue, our Promoters and certain members of the Promoter Group together shall continue to exercise significant control over us, which shall enable them to vote together in capacity as shareholders of our Company on certain matters in general meetings of our Company. Accordingly, the interests of our Promoters and certain members of the Promoter Group in their capacity as shareholders of our Company may conflict with your interests and the interests of other shareholders of the Company. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ”, “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” and “ _Our Management_ ” beginning on pages 78, 184 and 168 respectively **_._** 

**_36. Our Promoters and Promoter Group shall continue to retain significant control in our Company after the Issue, which shall allow them to influence the outcome of matters submitted to shareholders for approval. Such a concentration of ownership may also have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control._** 

As on date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters and certain members of our Promoters Group hold 97,82,850 Equity Shares representing 64.27% of the pre-issued, subscribed and paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company. After the completion of this Issue, our Promoters and Promoter Group shall continue to hold significant shareholding in our Company. As a result, our Promoters and Promoter Group shall continue to exercise significant control over us, including being able to control the composition of our Board of Directors and determine decisions requiring simple or special majority voting, and our other shareholders shall be unable to affect the outcome of such voting. Our Promoters and Promoter Group may take or block actions with respect to our business, which may conflict with our interests or the interests of our minority shareholders, such as actions which delay, defer or cause a change of our control or a change in our capital structure, merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us, or which discourage or encourage a potential acquirer from making a tender Issue or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. We cannot assure that our Promoter and Promoter Group shall act in our interest while exercising their rights in such entities, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. We cannot assure you that our Promoters and Promoter Group shall act to resolve any conflicts of interest in our favour. If our Promoters and Promoter Group sells a substantial number of the Equity Shares in the public market, or if there is a perception that such sale or distribution could occur, the market price of the Equity Shares could be adversely affected. No assurance can be given that such Equity Shares that are held by the Promoter shall not be sold any time after the Issue, which could cause the price of the Equity Shares to decline. 

**_37. Any withdrawal, or termination of, or unavailability of tax benefits and exemptions being currently availed by us may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows._** 

43 

The tax related laws that are applicable to us include the Income Tax Act, 1961, the Customs Act, 1962, Goods and Services Tax Laws (including Central Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017, Integrated Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017, States Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017 and Union Territory Goods and Services Tax Act, 2017) and various rules and notifications issued by taxation authorities thereunder. Although, we are currently not entitled to any tax benefits and incentives under the aforesaid regulations/legislations, we may in the future benefit from credits/relaxations/incentives under the same. There can be no assurance as to the nature of action current or future governments shall implement regarding allowance of tax incentives or duty benefits. However, there is no certainty with respect to the nature and timing of such incentives/benefits, if any, in case any such benefits are extended in favour of the Company in the future, we may not be able to comply with the obligations and stipulations that would allow us to avail ourselves of such benefits or concessions, and consequently, we may lose such benefits and concessions. 

**_38. Our ability to pay dividends in the future may depend upon our future revenues, profits, financial condition, cash flows, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants in our financing arrangements._** 

We have not declared any dividends and all the profits historically have been applied towards the growth and expansion of the business of the Company. Whether we pay dividends in the future and the amount of any such dividends, if declared, may depend upon a number of factors, including our results of operations and financial condition, financing agreements that we have entered into, contractual restrictions (including the terms of some of our financing arrangements that currently restrict our ability to pay dividends) and other factors considered relevant by our Board of Directors and shareholders. We may be unable to pay dividends in the near or medium term, and our future dividend policy may depend on our capital requirements and financing arrangements. Further, dividends, if any distributed by us in the future may cost dividend distribution tax at rates applicable from time to time which may adversely affect our financial position and cash flows. We cannot assure you that our Company shall declare and pay, or have the ability to declare and pay, any dividends on Equity Shares at any point in the future. For further details, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 193. 

**_39. We have experienced negative cash flows in relation to our operating, investing and financing activities in the last three financial years. Any negative cash flows in the future would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition._** 

Cash flow of a company is a key indicator to show the extent of cash generated from operations to meet its capital expenditure, pay dividends, repay loans and make new investments without raising finance from external resources. If we are not able to generate sufficient cash flow, it may adversely affect our business and financial operations. We experienced negative cash flows in the following periods as indicated in the table below: 

|**Particulars**|**Nine-month**<br>**period ended**<br>**December 31,**<br>**2021**|**Year ended**<br>**March 31, 2021**|<br>**Year ended**<br>**March 31, 2020**|_(in ₹ million)_<br>**Year ended**<br>**March 31, 2019**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|Net cash used/ generated from<br>operating activities|(579.63)|113.26|24.12|(66.58)|
|Net cash used/generated from<br>investing activities|484.61|(24.17)|(123.61)|(13.87)|
|Net cash used/ generated from<br>financing activities|94.72|(91.91)|100.15|77.16|
|Net increase/(decrease) in cash<br>and cash equivalent|(0.30)|(2.82)|0.66|(3.30)|



There can be no assurance that our net cash flows shall be positive in the future. Any negative cash flows in the future over extended periods, or significant negative cash flows in the short term, could materially impact our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. As a result, our cash flows, business, future financial performance and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. For further details, see “ _Financial Statements_ ” and “ _Management‘s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” beginning on pages 194 and 253, respectively. 

44 

**_40. Our insurance coverage may not be adequate to protect us against all potential losses to which we may be subject and this may have an adverse effect on our business._** 

We face the risk of loss resulting from product liability, intellectual property, contractual, warranty, and other lawsuits, whether or not such claims are valid. In addition, our insurance may not be adequate to cover such claims or may not be available to the extent we expect. For details of the insurance policies that we maintain, see “ _Our Business – Insurance_ ” on page 157. A successful claim that exceeds or is not covered by our policies could require us to pay substantial sums. Our Company has maintained various insurance policies, in amounts that we believe are commercially appropriate, including insurance policies for employees compensation, common law (which includes accidental insurance), occupational diseases, contractors employees, medical expenses, standard fire and special perils, industrial, commercial vehicles package, and export marine policy. The following table sets forth our insurance cover figures for the ninemonth period ending December 31, 2021, financial years ended March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019: 

||**Particulars**|**Book Value as on December 31, 2021**<br>**(****_in ₹ million_)**|**Insured Value**<br>**(****_in ₹ million_)**|
|---|---|---|---|
|Property|, Plant and Equipment|273.00|290.00|
||Stock|861.02|1,000.00|
||**Particulars**|**Book Value as on March 31, 2021**<br>**(****_in ₹ million_) **|**Insured Value**<br>**(****_in ₹ million_) **|
|Property,|Plant and Equipment|245.79|102.71|
|Stock||441.80|520.00|
||**Particulars**|**Book Value as on March 31, 2020**<br>**(****_in ₹ million_) **|**Insured Value**<br>**(****_in ₹ million_)**|
|Property,|Plant and Equipment|163.15|35.76|
|Stock||442.76|350.00|
||**Particulars**|**Book Value as on March 31, 2019**<br>**(****_in ₹million_)**|**Insured Value**<br>**(****_in ₹million_)**|
|Property,|Plant and Equipment|117.62|5.16|
|Stock||361.67|200.00|



Based on our property, plant and equipment and stock as on December 31, 2021, our presently valid insurance policies cover the risk to the extent of (i) 106.23% of the value of our property, plant and equipment; (ii) 116.14% of the value of our stock. Although, we attempt to obtain coverage for and mitigate our liability for damages arising from negligent acts, errors or omissions through insurance policies, our liability may sometimes not be covered as a result of the limitations of liability set forth in our insurance policies. In such event, our insurance policies may not protect us from liability for damages, which may lead to financial liability and other adverse consequences 

Further, while we believe that adequate insurance coverage shall be available in the future, there can be no assurance that such coverage shall be available at costs and terms acceptable to us or that such coverage shall be adequate with respect to future claims that may arise. Although we have not experienced instances in the past where our claims have exceeded the insurance cover, in case we are not able to adequately insure against the risks we face, or the insurance coverage we have taken is inadequate to cover our losses, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, our insurance policies are subject to annual review, and there can be no assurance that we shall be able to renew these policies on similar or otherwise acceptable terms, or at all. If we were to incur a serious uninsured loss or a loss that significantly exceeds the limits of our insurance policies, it could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

45 

**_41. Our ability to acquire new businesses overseas, may be constrained by Indian and foreign laws, which could adversely affect our growth strategy, business and prospects._** 

Under Indian foreign investment laws, an Indian company is permitted to invest in, or provide financial commitment to overseas joint ventures or wholly owned subsidiaries, to the extent of 400.00% of the Indian company’s net worth as at the date of its last audited balance sheet (subject to certain exceptions), and any financial commitment exceeding USD 1.00 million (or its equivalent) in a Financial Year shall require prior approval of the RBI. This limitation also applies to any other form of financial commitment by the Indian company, including in terms of any loan, guarantee or counter guarantee issued by such Indian company. Further, there may be limitations stipulated in the host country for foreign investment. Investment or financial commitment not complying with the stipulated requirements is permitted with prior approval of the RBI. Additionally, there are also further requirements specified under the Companies Act and Indian foreign exchange laws in relation to any acquisition that we propose to undertake in the future. These limitations on overseas direct investment could constrain our ability to acquire overseas entities as well as to provide other forms of financial assistance or support to such entities, which may adversely affect our growth strategy, business and prospects. 

**_42. We have commissioned and paid for a report from Dun & Bradstreet which have been used for industry related data in this Red Herring Prospectus._** 

Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus include information based on, or derived from, Industry Risk Report titled _“Stainless Steel Pipes & Tubes_ ” (the “ **D&B Report** ”) dated April, 2022 prepared and released by Dun & Bradstreet on April 4, 2022. 

We had commissioned Dun & Bradstreet in July, 2021 and paid them to produce the D&B Report, which has been used for industry related data disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus. We commissioned the D&B Report for the purposes of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Issue. This report uses certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. Investors should read the industry related disclosure in this Red Herring Prospectus in this context. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. While industry sources take due care and caution while preparing reports, they do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the data. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information. 

You should consult your own advisors and undertake an independent assessment of information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the D&B Report before making any investment decision regarding the Issue. 

**_43. We have entered into, and may continue to enter into, related party transactions. We cannot assure you that such transactions, individuals or in the aggregate, shall not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

We have entered into certain transactions with related parties, including purchase of raw materials from and sale of Products to a related party. For the nine-month period ended December 31, 2021, Fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, the related party transactions accounted for approximately 6.01%, 11.61%, 23.84%, and 13.49% respectively, of our revenue from operations. For further information on our related party transactions, see “ _Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 19. While we believe that all our related party transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, there can be no assurance that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. It is possible that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. Although all related party transactions that we may enter post-listing, shall be subject to board or shareholder approval, as necessary under the Companies Act and the SEBI LODR Regulations. We cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, shall not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations or that we could not have achieved more favourable terms if such transactions had not been entered into with related parties. For details of the related party transactions see “ _Restated Financial Statements – Annexure V Note 29 – Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 232. 

46 

**_44. Our registered and corporate office, guest house, warehouse, godown and a portion of our factory are located on leased premises. There can be no assurance that these lease agreements shall be renewed upon termination or that we shall be able to obtain other premises on lease on same or similar commercial terms._** 

We utilize our registered and corporate office, guest house, warehouse, godown and a portion of our factory on leasehold basis. The details of the same are as below: 

|**S.**<br>**No.**|**Reference**|**Property Description**|**Area (In**<br>**Sq.**<br>**Mtrs.)**|**Term**|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|1.|Corporate Office<br>(Leave<br>and<br>License)|Tripada Complex, Plot No 275, Sector 1/A,<br>Near Mamlatdar office, Office No 1, Ground<br>FloorGandhidham,Kutch, Gujarat–370201|74.32|Period of 22 months<br>beginning on September<br>10,2021tillJuly 9,2023|
|2.|Mumbai<br>Marketing Office<br>(Leave<br>and<br>License)|Shop<br>No.<br>11,<br>Ground<br>Floor,<br>Salsar<br>Commercial Center, C.T.S No. 1, Phatak<br>Road, Opposite Dham Kata Bhayander East,<br>Maharashtra–401105|57.14|Period of 11 months<br>commencing from March<br>16, 2022 and ending on<br>February 15, 2023.|
|3.|Factory Premises<br>(Lease)|Revenue Survey No. 233/2, Dhaneti, Bhuj<br>(Kutch), Gujarat – 370 020|18,919|Period<br>of<br>10<br>years<br>commencing from June<br>15, 2015 and ending on<br>June 14, 2025.|
|4.|Godown<br>(Ahmedabad)<br>[Lease]|Property<br>No.<br>83/2,<br>Gujarat<br>Vepar<br>Mahamandal, Odhav, Vatva, Ahmedabad,<br>Gujarat – 382 440|334.45|Period of 11 months and<br>29<br>days<br>commencing<br>from July 26, 2021 to<br>July 24, 2022.|
|5.|Guest House|Plot No 319, Ward 8A Subhash Nagar<br>Gandhidham, Gujarat -  370 201|170|Period of 11 months<br>commencing from March<br>10, 2022 and ending on<br>February 9,2023|



Our leases may expire in the ordinary course. We cannot assure you that we shall continue to be able to operate out of our existing premises or renew our existing leases at favourable terms or at all. Any such event may adversely impact our operations and cash flows and may divert management attention from our business operations. In case of any deficiency in the title of the owners from whose premises we operate, breach of the contractual terms of any lease, or if any of the owners of these premises do not renew the agreements under which we occupy the premises, or if they seek to renew such agreements on terms and conditions unfavourable to us, or if they terminate our agreements, we may suffer a disruption in our operations and shall have to look for alternate premises. 

Given that our business operations are conducted on premises leased, any encumbrance or adverse impact, or deficiency in, the title, ownership rights or development rights of the owners from whose premises we operate, breach of the contractual terms of any lease or leave and license agreements, or any inability to renew such agreements on acceptable terms or at all may adversely affect our business operations. In the event of relocation, we may be required to obtain fresh regulatory licenses and approvals. Until we receive these, we may suffer disruptions in our operations and our business which may adversely affect our financial condition. 

Although stamp duty was paid at the time of execution of the lease agreements, such arrangements may be finally adjudicated by relevant revenue authorities to be inadequately stamped or duly registered. Unless such documents are adequately stamped or duly registered, such documents may be rendered inadmissible as evidence in a court in India or may not be authenticated by any public officer and the same may attract penalty as prescribed under applicable law or may impact our ability to enforce these agreements legally, which may result in an adverse effect on the continuance of our operations and business. For details in relation to our premises, see “ _Our Business – Material Properties_ ” on page 158. 

47 

**_45. Compliance with, and changes in, safety, health and environmental laws and various labour, workplace related laws and regulations, including terms of the approvals granted to us, may increase our compliance costs and as such adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We are subject to a broad range of safety, health and environmental related laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, which impose controls on the disposal and storage of raw materials, noise emissions, air and water discharges; on the storage, handling, discharge and disposal of chemicals, employee exposure to hazardous substances and other aspects of our operations. For example, laws in India limit the amount of hazardous and pollutant discharge that our Manufacturing Facility may release into the air and water. The discharge of substances that are chemical in nature or of other hazardous substances into the air, soil or water beyond these limits may cause us to be liable to regulatory bodies and incur costs to remedy the damage caused by such discharges. Any of the foregoing could subject us to litigation, which may increase our expenses in the event we are found liable, and could adversely affect our reputation. 

The adoption of stricter health and safety laws and regulations, stricter interpretations of existing laws, increased governmental enforcement of laws or other developments in the future may require that we make additional capital expenditures, incur additional expenses or take other actions in order to remain compliant and maintain our current operations. Complying with, and changes in, these laws and regulations or terms of approval may increase our compliance costs and adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, our business operations are subject to stringent compliance with labour laws and regulations including those governing detailed procedures for the establishment of unions, dispute resolution and employee removal and legislation that imposes certain financial obligations on employers upon retrenchment. We are also subject to laws and regulations governing relationships with employees in such areas as minimum wage and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and termination of employees, contract labour and work permits, and consequently, may be party to statutory or regulatory proceedings in this respect. For instance, the Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation (“ **EPFO** ”) has issued a notice dated October 20, 2021 alleging that our Company did not deposit provident fund dues aggregating to ₹ 0.12 million for a period from July, 2020 till March 2021. Our Company has responded to the notice clarifying that provident fund dues for the applicable period were duly deposited by our Company. Although the Company has deposited the due amounts as directed by the EPFO, there can be no assurance that the EPFO shall not initiate any further action against us in relation thereto or that we shall not be exposed to similar proceedings in the future. Further, in the past there have been several instances of delays on the part of the Company for the payment of the provident fund amount with EPFO. We cannot assure that EPFO will not initiate any further action against us for such delays in the future For further details of the current outstanding litigations, please see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments— Action by statutory or regulatory authorities against our Company_ ” beginning on page 290 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Our business is also subject to, among other things, the receipt of all required licenses, permits and authorizations including manufacturing permits, and environmental, health and safety permits. For licenses, permits and authorization obtained by us, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” beginning from page 293. There is a risk that we may inadvertently fail to comply with such regulations, which could lead to enforced shutdowns and other sanctions imposed by the relevant authorities, as well as the withholding or delay in receipt of regulatory approvals for our new products. 

**_46. Some of our agreements may have not been adequately stamped and/or signed making them inadmissible as evidence in the court of law and as a result of which our operations may be impaired._** 

We have not entered into long-form contracts for our business operations and typically we conduct our business by way of purchase orders/supply orders/contracts both with our raw material suppliers and our customers.  Further, our contractual arrangements with third parties may not be adequately stamped making them inadmissible as evidence in the court of law. Even though the commercial terms agreed may have been negotiated in our favour, inadequate stamping may restrict our ability to produce such documents before the court of law and efficaciously seek legal remedies to protect our legal and contractual rights. The court of law, in such cases, may issue a verdict or prescribe restrictions and conditions that may legally and 

48 

commercially prohibit us from benefitting from a pre-agreed position which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_47. Any downward revision of our credit ratings could result in an increase in the interest rates we pay on any new borrowings and could decrease our ability to borrow as much money as we require to finance our business._** 

In relation to our long-term financing facilities aggregating to ₹388.20 million and with respect to our shortterm letter of credit facilities/forward contract aggregating to ₹220.00 million, Infomerics Valuation and Rating Private Limited vide letter dated April 19, 2022 has assigned the following credit rating valid till April 18, 2023: 

|**Month/Year**|**April, 2022**|
|---|---|
|**Short-Term Rating**|IVR A3+ (IVR Single A Three Plus)|
|**Long-Term Rating**|IVR BBB/Stable Outlook (IVR Triple B with Stable outlook)|



Further, in the last three (3) Financial Years, we have experienced downgrades in our short-term and long-term credit ratings primarily on account of (i) non-availability of sufficient information and data with the relevant rating agency from the Company; and (ii) change in the credit rating agency appointed by the Company. For an instance, the short-term/long term ratings provided to us by Brickwork Ratings India Pvt. Ltd. (“ **Brickwork** ”) were downgraded from “ _BWR A4+_ ” Assignment on March 12, 2020 to “ _BWR A4 Downgrade/ISSUER NOT COOPERATING_ ” on June 23, 2021 on account of the Company appointing Infomerics Valuation and Rating Private Limited on March 2, 2021 due to which no data was shared with Brickwork and their ratings were migrated to “Not Reviewed” category and therefore downgraded. Similarly, Acuité Ratings & Research Limited downgraded our ratings from “ _ACUITE BB/Outlook: Stable_ ” on March 22, 2019 to “ _ACUITE BB-_ “ (Downgraded and Indicative) on May 13, 2020 on account of lack of sufficient information leading to information risk for the credit rating agency. Further, the ratings from CARE Ratings Limited were reaffirmed from “ _CARE BB-; Stable_ ” on March 30, 2018 to “ _CARE BB- Stable Issuer Not Cooperating_ ” on April 4, 2019 and downgraded to “ _Care B+; stable Issuer_ ” not Cooperating on May 28, 2020 on account of insufficient information available to arrive at a fair rating. There can be no assurance that such downgrades in credit ratings shall not occur in the future and any downward revision of our currently valid credit ratings could result in adverse changes to the terms of new borrowings, including, but not limited to, an increase in the interest rates we pay on any new borrowings and could decrease our ability to borrow as much money as we require to finance our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations: 

# _Short-Term Ratings_ 

|**S No.**|**Name of Credit Rating**<br>**Agency**|**Details of Credit Rating Downgrade**|
|---|---|---|
|1.|CARE Ratings Limited|Reaffirmed from CARE A4 (A Four) on March 30, 2018 to CARE A4:<br>Issuer Not Cooperating (A Four Issuer Not Cooperating) on April 4, 2019<br>and May 28, 2020 and further to Reaffirmed and Withdrawn on December 8,<br>2020.|
|2.|Acuité Ratings &<br>Research Limited|Reaffirmed from ACUITE A4+ on March 22, 2019 to ACUITE A4+<br>(Indicative) on May 13, 2020 and further to ACUITE A4+ (Withdrawn) on<br>January 7, 2021.|
|3.|Brickwork Ratings India<br>Pvt. Ltd.|Downgraded from BWR A4+ Assignment on March 12, 2020 to BWR A4<br>Downgrade/ISSUER NOT COOPERATING on June 23, 2021 and<br>(Withdrawn) on April 2, 2022.|



49 

_Long-Term Ratings_ 

|**S No.**|**Name of Credit Rating**<br>**Agency**|**Details of Credit Rating Downgrade**|
|---|---|---|
|1.|CARE Ratings Limited|Reaffirmed from CARE BB-; Stable on March 30, 2018 to CARE BB-;<br>Stable Issuer Not Cooperating on April 4, 2019 and downgraded to Care<br>B+; stable Issuer not Cooperating on May 28, 2020 and further to<br>Reaffirmed and Withdrawn on December 8, 2020.|
|2.|Acuité Ratings & Research<br>Limited|Downgraded from ACUITE BB/Outlook: Stable on March 22, 2019 to<br>ACUITE BB-(Downgraded and Indicative) on May 13, 2020 and further<br>to ACUITE BB- (Withdrawn) on January 7, 2021.|
|3.|Brickwork Ratings India Pvt. Ltd.|Downgraded from BWR BB+/ Stable Assignment on March 12, 2020 to<br>BWR BB/Stable.<br>Downgrade/ISSUER NOT COOPERATING on June 23, 2021 and<br>(Withdrawn) on April 2, 2022.|



There can be no assurance that such downgrades in credit ratings shall not occur in the future and any downward revision of our currently valid credit ratings could result in adverse changes to the terms of new borrowings, including, but not limited to, an increase in the interest rates we pay on any new borrowings and could decrease our ability to borrow as much money as we require to finance our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

**_48. We have issued the following shares in the last one year prior to the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, which could have been issued at a price lower than the Issue Price._** 

The following shares of the Company have been issued in the last one year: 

|**Date of**<br>**allotment***|**No. of**<br>**Equity**<br>**Shares**<br>**allotted**|**Face**<br>**value**<br>**(In ₹)**|**Issue**<br>**price**<br>**per**<br>**Equity**<br>**Share**<br>**(In ₹) **|**Nature of**<br>**allotment**|**Nature of**<br>**consideration**<br>|**Cumulative**<br>**number of**<br>**equity**<br>**shares**|**Cumulative**<br>**paid-up equity**<br>**share capital**<br>**(₹)**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|September<br>10,<br>2021|43,66,35<br>0|10|-|Bonus Issue|Other<br>than<br>cash|1,30,99,050|13,09,90,500|
|October<br>21,<br>2021|21,22,96<br>0|10|280|Private<br>Placement|Cash|1,52,22,010|15,22,20,100|



The price at which Equity Shares have been issued by our Company in the immediately preceding one year is not indicative of the Issue Price at which the Equity Shares shall be issued and traded (subsequent to listing). For further information, please see section “ _Capital Structure_ ” beginning on page 78. 

# **_49. Unsecured loans of ₹ 80.00 million taken by our Company from related party can be recalled at any time._** 

As on April 7, 2022, we have one outstanding unsecured loan aggregating to ₹80.00 million taken by our Company from one of our related parties, Ambaji Warehouse Park for general corporate purposes with a tenure of three to five years in the form of a memorandum of understanding. Although, as on date, neither the loan arrangement has been terminated nor the outstanding amounts have been called to be repaid by the said related party. However, there can be no assurance that such party shall not recall the outstanding amount (in part, or in full) at any time. We intend to repay the said loan in due course, however, any failure to service such indebtedness, or discharging any obligations thereunder could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further details refer to the section entitled “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” beginning on page 250. 

50 

**_50. Certain statutory filings made by our Company may contain discrepancies/errors with respect to any of the information required therein. We cannot assure you that our Company shall not be subjected to any liability on account of such discrepancies._** 

We monitor compliances with applicable laws and regulations by implementing stringent internal checks and controls. Although we have generally been in compliance with applicable laws, there have been certain instances of delayed statutory filings/discrepancies/ errors. Although, no regulatory action has been taken against us with respect to the aforesaid non-compliances/errors, there can be no assurance that a regulatory action shall not be taken by the relevant authorities against us in the future. In an event such an action is taken, we may be subject to penalties and other consequences that may adversely impact our business, reputation, and results of operation and there can be no assurance that we shall be able to successfully defend any action/allegation raised by such regulatory authorities. Our compliance team meticulously follows a detailed compliance calendar providing for compliances under various applicable laws, including but not limited to, Companies Act. As we continue to grow, there can be no assurance that deficiencies in our internal controls shall not arise, or that we shall be able to implement, and continue to maintain, adequate measures to rectify or mitigate any such deficiencies in our internal controls, in a timely manner or at all. There may be recurrences of similar discrepancies/errors in the future that could subject our Company to penal consequences under applicable laws. Any such action could adversely impact our business, reputation, and results of operation. 

**_51. We rely on contractors for the recruitment of contract labourers, and are therefore exposed to execution risks, including the risk of the unavailability of requisite manpower when needed, and liability towards labourers under applicable Indian laws._** 

We enter into arrangements with contractors for recruitment of contract labourers as per our requirements for a fixed period of time. There is no assurance that we may be able to renew these arrangements on a timely basis or at all. We do not have direct control over the timing or quality of the services and supplies provided by such third parties. Contractors hired by us may be unable to provide the requisite manpower on a timely basis, or at all, or may be subjected to disputes with their personnel, which, in turn, may affect production at our Manufacturing Facility and timely delivery of our Products to our customers. Although we do not engage contract labourers directly, we may be held responsible under applicable Indian laws for wage payments to such labourers should our contractors’ default on wage payments, which shall adversely affect our financial condition and results of operation. 

**_52. Our customers may be unable to pay their debts due to local economic conditions, which may affect payment for our Products used by them on credit leading to adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Generally, we sell our Products against future payment with credit terms varying according to local market practice. Our credit terms typically vary from 7 days to 60 days. However, our customers may be adversely affected by a number of factors beyond their control which could affect their financial condition and consequently their ability to pay us for products that have sold or are present in their inventory. Although we have not experienced any significant defaults in the past, in periods of declining economic conditions and sustained adverse weather, there can be no assurance that such losses shall not be material, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, in the event of any dispute or a default regarding our payments, we may be constrained to initiate appropriate recovery proceedings which may adversely affect our relations with customers whose loyalties may change in favour of our competitors thereby negatively impacting our order book numbers. There can be no assurance that any legal action taken by our Company against such defaulting customers shall be adjudicated in our favour, and in case of an adverse finding, we may not be able to recover our dues from them, which shall adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Further, we may be subject to reputational losses and we may not be perceived as a favoured supplier as potential customers may not be desirous of engaging in commercial arrangements with us in anticipation of similar proceedings being instituted against them as well. This could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

51 

**_53. We may not be able to recover our advances from our related parties supplying us raw materials for our final products which may adversely affect our cash flows and financial condition._** 

We have, in the past, during the ordinary course of our business, entered into certain transactions with our related parties for purchase of raw materials and consumables in lieu of which certain advances were paid to such related parties. For further details, see “ _Financial Information_ ” on page 194 of this Red Herring Prospectus. While historically we have received the raw materials and consumables from our related parties in a timely manner and there have been no instances where we had to recover such advances from them, there can be no assurance that our related parties shall not default in supplying us the raw materials and consumables in a timely manner or at all. We typically have credit periods ranging between ten (10) to onehundred and twenty (120) days for our related parties supplying raw materials and consumables, however, there can be no assurance that we shall be able to successfully recover such amounts, in parts or in full, in a timely manner, or at all within such credit period. In such a case, we may be required to take the necessary steps to recover the advances already paid to such related parties and there can be no assurance that we shall be able to successfully recover such amounts. Any such delays in recovering such amounts may adversely impact our cash flows and results of operations. A successful recovery action from our related parties shall also depend on our ability to complete our contractual commitments. If we are unable to meet our contractual obligations, we may experience delays in the collection of, or be unable to collect our advances, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows. For details, see “ _Financial Information_ ” beginning on page 194 of this Red Herring Prospectus. 

Furthermore, macroeconomic conditions, which are beyond our control, could also result in financial difficulties for our related parties, including limited access to the credit markets, insolvency or bankruptcy. Such conditions could cause our related parties to delay raw material supply, request modifications to their payment terms, or default on their contractual obligations to us, all of which could increase our bad debts and/or write-offs of amounts due to us _._ 

**_54. Our manufacturing process requires our labourers to work under potentially dangerous circumstances. In the event of any accidents, our Company may be held liable for damages and penalties which may impact the financials of our Company._** 

Our employees/labour may be required to work under potentially dangerous circumstances in the operation of our manufacturing unit associated with the handling, storage, movement and production of our Products, as well as accidents such as fire and explosions. Any mishandling of our equipment and machineries could also lead to serious and sometimes fatal accidents. These accidents can cause personal injury and loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment, environmental damage and may result in the suspension of operations and the imposition of civil and criminal liabilities. Liabilities incurred as a result of these events have the potential to adversely impact our financial position and reputation. Events like these could result in liabilities, or adversely affect our reputation with suppliers, customers, regulators, employees and the public, which could in turn affect our financial condition and business performance. 

**_55. Information relating to the historical installed capacities of our manufacturing unit located in Kutch, Gujarat included in this Red Herring Prospectus may be based on certain assumptions and estimates by the chartered engineer verifying such information and future production and capacity utilisation may vary._** 

Information relating to our installed capacities and the historical capacity utilisation of our manufacturing unit located in Kutch, Gujarat included in this Red Herring Prospectus may be based on certain assumptions and estimates, including assumptions relating to availability and quality of raw materials and assumptions relating to potential utilization levels and operational efficiencies. While we have obtained a certificate dated March 25, 2022 from Rajesh Panjwani, chartered engineer, in relation to such capacities and actual production levels, future capacity utilisation rates may vary significantly from the estimated production capacities of our production facility and historical capacity utilisation rates. In addition, capacity utilisation is calculated differently in different countries, industries and for the kinds of products we manufacture. Actual utilisation rates may differ significantly from the estimated installed capacities or historical estimated capacity utilization information of our facilities. If we are unable to fully utilize our installed capacities in the future, there could be a negative impact on our cost and profitability and thereby adversely affecting our financial condition. Undue reliance should therefore not be placed on our installed capacity or historical estimated capacity utilisation information for our existing facilities included in this Red Herring 

52 

Prospectus. For further details of our production and capacity utilization, please see the section titled “ _Our Business_ ” on page 139. 

**_56. We may be exposed to the risks of significant breaches of data security, and malfunctions or disruptions of information technology systems._** 

We have deployed information technology systems and accounting system to support our business processes, including sales, order processing, production, procurement, inventory management, quality control, product costing, human resources, distribution and finance.  Although, we are not dependent on any third-party storage facility to protect the confidentiality of our business data, we have installed (i) Fortinet network firewall to protect our data from a potential malware or data breach, and (ii) Network Attached Storage (NAS) server of 4TB capacity for in-house storage and backup of the data. These technology initiatives are intended to increase productivity and operating efficiencies, they may not achieve such intended results. These systems may be potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by employees or others, which may result in unauthorized persons getting access to sensitive data. Such data security breaches could lead to the loss of and the data related to our Products and other proprietary information could be compromised. These systems are also susceptible to outages due to fire, floods, earthquakes, power loss, telecommunications failures, natural disasters, computer viruses or malware, break-ins and similar events. Effective response to such disruptions or malfunctions shall require effort and diligence on the part of our third-party distribution partners and employees to avoid any adverse effect to our information technology systems. 

**_57. A shortage or unavailability of electricity or water could affect our manufacturing operations and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition_** 

Our manufacturing operations require continuous supply of electricity. for which we depend on state board electricity supply. For the Manufacturing Facility, we have a connected load of 475 KVA from Paschim Gujarat Vij Company Limited. Further, we have a power backup at our Manufacturing Facility through a DG set with a capacity of 200 KVA supporting our critical manufacturing operations. Any shortage or nonavailability of electricity or failure of the state electricity grid could delay our operations at the Manufacturing Facility which may consequently adversely affect our delivery timelines to our customers. Any such delay may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, we require regular water supply for our manufacturing processes which is currently being sourced from private water tanker suppliers _._ Although, we have not witnessed any major shortfall in supply of water, we do not have long-term supply arrangements with these suppliers, and there can be no assurance that we shall be able to secure our water requirements through these suppliers in a timely manner or at all. Any shortage or non-availability water supply could delay our operations at the Manufacturing Facility which may consequently adversely affect our delivery timelines to our customers. Any such delay may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_58. If we are subject to any frauds, theft, or embezzlement by our employees, contractors and customers, it could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our operations may be subject to incidents of theft, prior to or during stocking. We may also encounter some inventory loss on account of employee/contractor/vendor fraud, theft, or embezzlement. Although, we have set up various security measures, including CCTV at our Manufacturing Facility, deployment of security guards and operational processes, such as periodic stock taking, there can be no assurance that we shall not experience any fraud, theft, employee negligence, loss in transit or similar incidents in the future, which could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_59. Our Statutory Auditors have included certain emphasis of matters in our Restated Financial Information._** 

Our Statutory Auditors have included certain emphasis of matters in our Restated Financial Information with respect to the uncertainty relating to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on Company’s operations and other related matters. The opinion of our auditors is not modified in respect of these matters and while these emphasis of matters do not require any adjustments to the Restated Financial Information, there is no assurance that our audit reports for any future fiscal periods will not contain qualifications, adverse remarks, matters of emphasis or other observations which could subject us to additional liabilities due to 

53 

which our reputation and financial condition may be adversely affected. For further information, see “ _Financial Information_ ” on page 194 of this RHP. 

# **_60. Some of our Group Companies have incurred losses during recent financial years._** 

Some of our Group Companies have incurred losses in the recent financial years. The following table sets forth details of these losses suffered in the financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019: 

|**Name of /Group**<br>**Company**|**Financial Year 2021**<br>**(₹ million)**|**Financial Year 2020**<br>**(₹ million)**|**Financial Year**<br>**2019 (₹ million)**|
|---|---|---|---|
|Ambaji Imports Private<br>Limited|(9.22)|(29.08)|(15.68)|
|Sunshine Liquid Storage<br>Private Limited|(4.32)|(41.00)|(39.20)|



We cannot assure you we, or our Group Companies, shall not make losses in the future, which may have an adverse impact on our reputation and business. 

**_61. Our Company has entered into exclusive distributorship agreements with certain distributors overseas and may continue to do so in the future. Such commercial arrangements expose us to various kinds of risks that could impact our profit margins and results of operations._** 

We have entered into an exclusive distributorship arrangement with one of our overseas distributors for the purposes of distribution of our manufactured products. Such an exclusive agreement may restrain the Company from exploring and leveraging opportunities from other distributors in a specific location, and may force us to pay a price that is higher than the prevailing market price for distribution services, which may negatively impact our cash flows and results of operations. Further, the agreement provides that the said distributor shall have the sole authority to determine the prices of our Products in its territory. Such right may lead us to lose out on revenue in case the said distributor’s pricing strategy for the relevant territory is not optimum or leads to the sale of our Products in that territory at a price below the prevailing market rate. Further, risks relating to the product shall pass on to the said distributor only once the goods arrive at its local port. Although we have an insurance coverage for risks for goods in transit, there can be no assurance that the said insurance coverage shall be adequate to cover the potential losses due to any loss/damage to goods during the transit. In such a case, our profits and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

In consonance with our strategy to further penetrate our business operations in the international markets by way of expansion of our sales and distribution operations, we may enter into such arrangements in the future that may have equivalent or even more stringent terms than the existing contractual agreements. Further, considering that we are in an expansion stage and would be new to such overseas territories, our negotiating power may be comparatively restricted as compared to such overseas distributors which may not result in the best possible commercial terms being determined in our favour and we may need to incur losses for an uncertain period to competitively position our Products in such international markets. Further, we may take considerable time to establish our credentials and reputation in such markets during which our local competitors with established history of operations shall be at a relatively advantageous position to capture the market. Despite execution of such distribution agreements, there can be no assurance that we shall be able to penetrate such markets in a timely manner or at all. In case of failure to do so, along with any adverse publicity involving our brand, our Products, or us in such territories, may impair our reputation, dilute the impact of our branding and marketing initiatives including digital/social media marketing and adversely affect our business and our prospects. 

**_62. The objects of the Issue for which funds have been raised and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds of the Issue have not been appraised by a bank or a financial institution. The deployment of funds is entirely at the discretion of our management and as per the details mentioned in the section titled “Objects of the Issue”. Any revision in the estimates may require us to reschedule our expenditure and may have a bearing on our expected revenues and earnings. Further, if there are any delays or cost overruns, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected._** 

We intend to utilise the Net Proceeds of the Issue as set forth in “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” on page 90. The funding requirements mentioned for the objects of the Issue are purely based on internal management estimates, and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. They are based on current 

54 

conditions and is subject to change in light of changes in external circumstances such as financial and market conditions, business and strategy, competition, negotiation with suppliers, variation in cost estimates on account of factors, including changes in design or configuration of the equipment due to variation in prices which may not be within the control of our management _._ Our actual expenditure may exceed our internal estimates which may have a bearing on our expected revenues and earnings further requiring us to reschedule our planned expenditure. Further, the deployment of the funds towards the Objects of the Issue is entirely at the discretion of our management. The exact amounts that shall be utilised from the Net Proceeds towards the stated objects shall depend upon our business plans, market conditions, our Board’s analysis of economic trends and business requirements, competitive landscape, ability to identity and conclude inorganic acquisitions as well as general factors affecting our results of operations, financial condition and access to capital. Further, if there are any delays or cost overruns, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Various risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in this section, may limit or delay our efforts to use the Net Proceeds to achieve profitable growth in our business. We may also use funds for future businesses which may have risks significantly different from what we currently face or may expect. Accordingly, use of the Net Proceeds for purposes identified by our management may not result in actual growth of our business, increased profitability or an increase in the value of our business. For further details, see “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” beginning on page 90. 

# **_63. Our Company is yet to place some orders for the plant and machinery for the proposed expansion of our production capacity pursuant to the Objects of the Issue._** 

We plan to scale up our existing facility for enhancing our current production capacity and for backward integration of manufacturing of hollow pipes utilizing the amount of ₹1,079.45 million proposed to be funded for capital expenditure from the Issue Proceeds. For this purpose, we intend to install additional latest machineries for expansion of our existing Manufacturing Facility from 600 MT per month to 1200 MT per month for ERW Pipe and from 300 MT per month to 800 MT per month for seamless pipes. 

The cost of the machineries is based on the quotations received from suppliers and such quotations are subject to change due to various factors such as, change in supplier of equipment, change in the government regulations and policies, change in management’s view of desirability of the current plans, possible cost overruns, etc. Since, we have not yet placed orders for some of the plant and machinery for the proposed capacity expansion, we cannot assure that we shall be able to procure the same in a timely manner and at the same price at which the quotations have been received. As a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 

The cost of the machineries is based on the quotations received from suppliers and such quotations are subject to change due to various factors such as, change in supplier of equipment, change in the government regulations and policies, change in management’s view of desirability of the current plans, possible cost overruns, etc. We have not entered into definitive agreements with some of these vendors and there can be no assurance that the same vendors would be engaged to eventually supply the equipment or at the same costs. Further, as we are yet to place orders for some of our plant and machinery for the proposed capacity expansion, we cannot assure that we shall be able to procure the same in a timely manner and at the same price at which the quotations have been received. As a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 

Further, the quantity of equipment to be purchased is based on the present management estimates. In case we engage with vendors other than the vendors from whom we have obtained quotations or if the quotations obtained expire, such vendor’s estimates and actual costs for the services may differ from the current estimates. In view of the same, we have earmarked an amount of ₹ 53.13 million towards any cost overrun or any additional costs to be incurred for acquisition of plant and machinery. However, there can be no assurance that such an amount shall be sufficient for covering up such additional cost and in case of such a shortfall, we may not be in a position to purchase suitable plant and machinery for the purposes of the proposed expansion, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 

55 

# **External Risks** 

# **_Risks Related to India_** 

**_64. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and its capital markets are influenced by economic, political and market conditions in India and globally including the volatility in the securities markets in other countries. We are dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India and our results of operations are affected by factors influencing the Indian economy. Further, the following external risks may have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations, should any of them materialize: 

- increase in interest rates may adversely affect our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs, which may constrain our ability to grow our business and operate profitably; 

- downgrade of India’s sovereign debt rating by an independent agency; 

- political instability, resulting from a change in governmental or economic and fiscal policies, may adversely affect economic conditions in India. In recent years, India has implemented various economic and political reforms. Reforms in relation to land acquisition policies and trade barriers have led to increased incidents of social unrest in India over which we have no control; 

- India has experienced epidemics and natural calamities such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, and drought in recent years. 

- contagious diseases such as the COVID-19 pandemic, the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine. A worsening of the current COVID-19 pandemic or any similar future outbreaks of COVID-19, avian or swine influenza or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region. 

Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. Our performance and the growth of our business depend on the overall performance of the Indian economy as well as the economies of the regional markets in which we operate. 

Further, conditions outside India, such as slowdowns in the economic growth of other countries, could have an impact on the growth of the Indian economy and government policy may change in response to such conditions. The Indian economy and financial markets are also significantly influenced by worldwide economic, financial and market conditions. Any financial turmoil, especially in the United States, Europe or China or Asian emerging market countries, may have an impact on the Indian economy. Although economic conditions differ in each country, investors’ reactions to any significant developments in one country can have adverse effects on the financial and market conditions in other countries. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems, particularly in other emerging markets, may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets, and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_65. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including adverse application of corporate and tax laws, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects._** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes, including the instances mentioned below, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. For example: 

- the GAAR became effective from April 1, 2017. The tax consequences of the GAAR provisions being applied to an arrangement could result in denial of tax benefit amongst other consequences. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is uncertain. If the GAAR provisions are made applicable to our Company, it may have an adverse tax impact on us; and 

56 

- the Government of India has implemented a comprehensive national GST regime that combines taxes and levies by the Central and State Governments into a unified rate structure. In this regard, the Constitution (One hundred and first Amendment) Act, 2016 enables the Government of India and state governments to introduce GST. Any future increases or amendments may affect the overall tax efficiency of companies operating in India and may result in significant additional taxes becoming payable. If, as a result of a particular tax risk materializing, the tax costs associated with certain transactions are greater than anticipated, it could affect the profitability of such transactions. 

Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the application, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

**_66. We may be affected by competition law in India and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could in turn adversely affect our business._** 

The Competition Act, 2002, as amended (“ **Competition Act** ”), regulates practices having an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India and was enacted for the purpose of preventing practices that have or are likely to have an adverse effect on competition in India and has mandated the Competition Commission of India (“ **CCI** ”) to prevent such practices. Under the Competition Act, any formal or informal arrangement, understanding or action in concert, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition is considered void and results in the imposition of substantial monetary penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly: (i) involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or provision of services; (ii) shares the market or source of production or provision of services by way of allocation of geographical area, type of goods or services or number of customers in the relevant market; or (iii) directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition. The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. On March 4, 2011, the GoI notified and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to, and pre-approved by, the CCI. Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued the Competition Commission of India (Procedure for Transaction of Business Relating to Combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. The Competition Act aims to, among others, prohibit all agreements and transactions which may have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. Further, the CCI, has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. Further, if it is proved that any contravention committed by a company took place with the consent or connivance or is attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other officer of such company, that person shall be guilty of the contravention and may be punished. It is unclear as to how the Competition Act and the CCI shall affect the business environment in India. 

In the event that we enter into any agreements or transactions that are held to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India, the provisions of the Competition Act shall be applicable. Any prohibition or substantial penalties levied under the Competition Act in addition to any enforcement proceedings initiated by CCI for alleged violation of provisions of the Competition Act may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us may be subject to the provisions of the Competition Act and we are unable to predict the impact of the provisions of the Competition Act on such agreements. We cannot assure you that we shall be able to obtain approval for any future acquisitions on satisfactory terms, or at all. If we are affected directly or indirectly by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act or any proceedings initiated by the CCI or any other relevant authority (or any other claim by any other 

57 

party under the Competition Act) or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution under the Competition Act, including by way of financial penalties, our reputation may also be materially and adversely affected. We are not currently party to any outstanding proceedings, nor have we received notice in relation to non-compliance with the Competition Act or the agreements entered into by us. 

**_67. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, pandemic and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

**_68. Delay / obstruction of trading routes may disrupt the sale of our Products and purchase of raw material from our suppliers._** 

The sale of our Products and purchase of raw material is routed through various trade routes in the high seas and is thereby subject to extraneous conditions beyond our control. For instance, during the obstruction of the Suez Canal in March, 2021, the sale of our Products to our customers were delayed as a result of the obstruction. While such obstruction is not usual and they caused as a result thereto was minor, there can be no assurance that such obstruction may never occur in the future causing delay in the sale of our Products, and purchase of raw material from our suppliers. 

**_69. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against our Company outside India._** 

Our Company is incorporated under the laws of India. Our Company’s assets are located in India and all of our Company’s Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are residents of India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce against them judgments obtained in courts outside India. Moreover, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with Indian public policy. 

India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions, which includes, the United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong. A judgment from certain specified courts located in a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the Civil Code. The United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in a non-reciprocating territory, such as the United States, for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general securities laws of the United States, would not be enforceable in India under the Civil Code as a decree of an Indian court. 

The United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong have been declared by the Government of India to be reciprocating territories for purposes of Section 44A of the Civil Code. A judgment of a court of a country which is not a reciprocating territory may be enforced in India only by a suit on the judgment under Section 13 of the Civil Code, and not by proceedings in execution. Section 13 of the Civil Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated on except (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case, (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable, (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed 

58 

to natural justice, (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the Civil Code, a court in India shall, on the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. The Civil Code only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be enforceable in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. 

However, the party in whose favor such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States or other such jurisdiction within three years of obtaining such final judgment. It is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action is brought in India. Moreover, it is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages to the extent awarded in a final judgment rendered outside India if it believes that the amount of damages awarded were excessive or inconsistent with Indian practice. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered. 

**_70. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Foreign ownership of Indian securities is subject to Government regulation. Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to compliance with sectoral norms and certain other restrictions), if they comply with the pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If the transfer of shares, which are sought to be transferred, is not in compliance with such pricing guidelines or reporting requirements and does not fall under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the RBI’s prior approval shall be required. Further, unless specifically restricted, foreign investment is freely permitted in all sectors of the Indian economy up to any extent and without any prior approvals, but the foreign investor is required to follow certain prescribed procedures for making such investment. The RBI and the concerned ministries/departments are responsible for granting approval for foreign investment.  Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. As provided in the foreign exchange controls currently in effect in India, the RBI has provided that the price at which the Equity Shares are transferred be calculated in accordance with internationally accepted pricing methodology for the valuation of shares at an arm’s length basis, and a higher (or lower, as applicable) price per share may not be permitted. Further, pursuant to Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020 issued by the DPIIT and the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Amendment Rules, 2020 which came into effect from April 22, 2020, any investment, subscription, purchase or sale of equity instruments by entities of a country which shares a land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, can only be made through Government approval route,  as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy and the FEMA Rules. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular term or at all. For further details, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 329. 

**_71. Significant differences exist between Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles, such as the Generally accepted accounting principles of the United States of America (“US GAAP”) and the International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), which may be material to investors' assessments of our financial condition._** 

The financial statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus have been prepared in accordance with Ind AS. We have not attempted to quantify the impact of US GAAP or IFRS on the financial data included in this  Red Herring Prospectus, nor do we provide a reconciliation of our financial statements to those of US GAAP or IFRS. US GAAP and IFRS differ in significant respects from Ind AS. Accordingly, the 

59 

degree to which the Ind AS financial statements, which are restated as per the SEBI ICDR Regulations included in this Red Herring Prospectus, shall provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should be limited accordingly. 

# **_72. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may differ to those under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be similar to the shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. 

# **_Risks Related to the Issue_** 

**_73. The Issue Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Issue._** 

The Issue Price of the Equity Shares shall be determined by us in consultation with the BRLM, and through the Book Building Process. This price shall be based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Issue Price_ ” on page 105 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Issue. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Issue, and may decline below the Issue Price. We cannot assure you that the investor shall be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price. 

**_74. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Issue, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop._** 

Prior to the Issue, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Issue. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares shall develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Issue Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a bookbuilding process and shall be based on numerous factors, as described in the section “ _Basis for Issue Price_ ” on page 105. This price may not necessarily be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. You may not be able to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price and may as a result lose all or part of your investment. 

Our Equity Shares are expected to trade on NSE and BSE after the Issue, but there can be no assurance that active trading in our Equity Shares shall develop after the Issue, or if such trading develops that it shall continue. The Bidders may not be able to sell our Equity Shares at the quoted price if there is no active trading in our Equity Shares. 

There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and the trading price of our Equity Shares after this Issue may be subject to significant fluctuations as a result of market volatility or due to various internal or external risks, including but not limited to those described in this Red Herring Prospectus. The market price of our Equity Shares may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

- Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows 

- The history and prospects for our business 

- An assessment of our management, our past and present operations and the prospects for as well as timing of our future revenues and cost structures 

- The valuation of publicly traded companies that are engaged in business activities similar to ours 

- Quarterly variations in our results of operations 

- Results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors 

- Results of operations that vary from those of our competitors 

- Changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by research analysts and investors 

- A change in research analysts’ recommendations 

60 

- Announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint operations or capital commitments 

- Announcements of significant claims or proceedings against us 

- New laws and government regulations that directly or indirectly affecting our business 

- Additions or departures of Key Management Personnel changes in the interest rates 

- Fluctuations in stock market prices and volume 

- General economic conditions 

The Indian stock markets have, from time to time, experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected market prices for the securities of Indian companies. As a result, investors in our Equity Shares may experience a decrease in the value of our Equity Shares regardless of our financial performance or prospects. A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

**_75. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares shall be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares shall also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors (if any). In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Equity Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

**_76. The Equity Shares subscribed in this Issue may not be able to be immediately sold on any Indian Stock Exchange._** 

The Equity Shares shall be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to the applicable Indian laws and practice, permission for listing of the Equity Shares shall not be granted till the Equity Shares in this Issue have been issued and allotted and all relevant documents are submitted to the Stock Exchanges. Further, certain actions must be completed prior to the commencement of listing and trading of the Equity Shares such as the Investor’s book entry or ‘demat’ accounts with the depository participants in India, expected to be credited within one Working Day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is finalised with the Designated Stock Exchange. In addition, the Allotment of Equity Shares in the Issue and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with the depository participant could take approximately five Working Days from the Bid/Issue Closing Date and trading in Equity Shares upon receipt of listing and trading approval from the Stock Exchanges, trading of Equity Shares is expected to commence within six Working Days from Bid/ Issue Closing Date. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in Equity Shares would restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. There can be no assurance you that the Equity Shares shall be credited to investor’s demat accounts or that trading in the Equity Shares shall commence in a timely manner (as specified herein) or at all. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if the allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

**_77. There is no assurance that our Equity Shares shall remain listed on the stock exchange._** 

Although it is currently intended that the Equity Shares shall remain listed on the Stock Exchanges, there is no guarantee of the continued listing of the Equity Shares. Among other factors, we may not continue to satisfy the listing requirements of the Stock Exchanges. Accordingly, Shareholders shall not be able to sell their Equity Shares through trading on the Stock Exchanges if the Equity Shares are no longer listed on the Stock Exchange. 

61 

**_78. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity-linked securities by us may dilute your shareholding and the sale of Equity Shares by the Promoters may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

We may be required to finance our growth, whether organic or inorganic, through future equity offerings. Any future issuance of the Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us, including through exercise of employee stock options under an employee benefit scheme may lead to dilution of your shareholding in our Company. Any future equity issuances by us (including under an employee benefit scheme) or disposal of our Equity Shares by the Promoters or any of our other principal shareholders or any other change in our shareholding structure to comply with the minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India or any public perception regarding such issuance or sales may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of our equity shares or incurring additional debt. 

Except as disclosed in “ _Capital Structure_ ” beginning on page 78, there can be no assurance that we shall not issue further Equity Shares or that our existing shareholders including our Promoters shall not dispose of further Equity Shares after the completion of the Issue (subject to compliance with the lock-in provisions under the SEBI ICDR Regulations) or pledge or encumber their Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of shareholder’s investment in the Equity Shares and adversely affect the trading price of our Equity Shares. Such securities may also be issued at prices below the Issue Price. We may also issue convertible debt securities to finance our future growth or fund our business activities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_79. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. The Income Tax Act levies taxes on such longterm capital gains exceeding ₹100,000 arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while continuing to exempt the unrealised capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on such equity shares subject to specific conditions. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long-term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of a securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT shall be levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. 

Further, any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less shall be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares shall be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

The Finance Act, 2019, had clarified that in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the buyer shall be liable to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges, and the transferor shall be liable to pay stamp duty in case of transfer for consideration through a depository. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. These provisions have been notified with effect from July 1, 2020. The Government of India had announced the union budget for financial year 2022 and the Finance Act, 2021 received assent from the President of India on March 28, 2021 and was made effective from April 1, 2021. There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2021 may have on our business and operations or in the industry we operate in. 

62 

**_80. Qualified Institutional Buyers and Non-Institutional Bidders are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid and the Retail Individual Bidders are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after the Bid/Issue Closing Date._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders are required to block the Bid amount on the submission of the Bid and not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Similarly, RIBs can revise or withdraw their Bids at any time during the Bid/Issue Period and until the Bid/Issue Closing Date, but not thereafter. While our Company is required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all the Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed, including Allotment within six Working Days from the Bid/Issue Closing Date or such other period as may be prescribed by SEBI, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Issue or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. Therefore, QIBs and Non-Institutional Bidders shall not be able to withdraw or lower their bids following adverse developments in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operations, cash flows or otherwise between the dates of submission of their Bids and Allotment. 

63 

