# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in Equity Shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, the industry and segments in which we operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are currently deemed immaterial, actually occur, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could suffer, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. To obtain a complete understanding of our Company, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business”, “Industry Overview”, “Financial Statements” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 110, 79, 161 and 225, respectively, as well as the financial, statistical and other information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_Our financial year ends on March 31 of each year, so all references to a particular financial or fiscal year are to the twelvemonth period ended March 31 of that year. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the financial information for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and 2020 and the financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019 included herein is derived from the Restated Financial Information, included in this Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Financial Statements” on page 161._ 

_To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and results of operations, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and the terms of the Offer including the merits and risks involved. You should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences to you of an investment in our Equity Shares._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. See “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 20._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section have been derived from the report “Assessment of the diagnostic industry in India” dated May 2021 and its addendum to the report dated August 2021 (the “_ **_CRISIL Report_** _”) prepared and released by CRISIL Limited and commissioned and paid for by our Company to confirm our understanding of our industry specifically for the purpose of the Offer._ 

_Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implications of any of the risks described in this section._ 

# **Internal Risk Factors** 

# **_Risks relating to our Business_** 

# **_1. Our business and prospects may be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain and grow our brand name and brand image._** 

Since we primarily derive almost all of our revenues from walk-in customers, our brand and reputation are critical for the success of our business and operations. Our ability to maintain and improve our brand name and brand image is dependent on factors such as quality, accuracy and efficiency of our diagnostic tests, turnaround time and patient satisfaction, the performance of our service network, the introduction of new tests and services. Further, as we expand into new geographic markets within India, and as the market becomes increasingly competitive, maintaining and enhancing our brand may become costly and difficult. 

Our services are designed to diagnose and detect early symptoms of diseases and to help prevent diseases and other health conditions by monitoring a variety of health indicators. While there have not been any past material incidences of errors, users of our services have a greater sensitivity to errors than users of services or products that are not intended for the diagnosis, treatment and prevention of diseases. There are three instances of alleged negligence in the accuracy of diagnosis. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving our Company_ ” on page 244. We train our medical personnel, including physicians, radiologists, technicians and other staff to provide accurate and timely test results. However, any delays or inaccuracies in the results we provide, including due to inherent limitations in the technology and equipment used or due to wrong interpretation of test results by doctors, may result in the wrong treatment being prescribed to a patient, which may cause potential harm to such patient and may induce negative publicity and cause other harm to our brand and reputation. In addition, if our personnel make errors in the handling and labelling of patient specimens, or in the operation of our complex medical equipment, or if they inadequately or improperly extract specimens from patients causing bodily harm, our test results may not be accurate and we may become liable under healthcare or other laws for acts or omissions by our employees, which may adversely affect our brand and reputation. 

21 

Further, our quality certifications and accreditations are critical for our brand image. As of June 30, 2021, all of our laboratories hold NABL accreditations and three of our diagnostic centres hold NABH accreditations. If our testing services fail to meet accreditation standards, or if we fail to adapt to evolving diagnostic standards, we could lose one or more of our accreditations, which may adversely affect our business and prospects. 

# **_2. Our CEO, Sura Suprita Reddy was named in a criminal proceeding._** 

Our CEO, Sura Suprita Reddy, was charged in a criminal proceeding wherein the State alleged that Sura Suprita Reddy with another (collectively the “ **Defendants** ) had committed offences under Sections 304-A, 336 and 338 of the Indian Penal Code, 1860 due to an accident resulting in a fire at the Park Hospital, Hyderabad in which several persons were injured and three persons subsequently lost their lives while undergoing treatment. 

Sura Suprita Reddy was a non-executive director on the board of directors of Park Health Systems Private Limited (“ **Park Health** ”), the company which operated the Park Hospital, at the time of the accident. The matter was tried before the XXIII Special Magistrate, Hyderabad, who by his judgement dated November 24, 2017 (the “ **Judgement** ”) held the Defendants were guilty and sentenced the Defendants to (I) (a) undergo six months imprisonment each; and (b) a fine of ₹10,000 each and in default two months simple imprisonment for offence under section 304-A of the IPC; (II) (a) undergo simple imprisonment for a period of six months each; and (b) a fine of ₹1,000 each and in default one month simple imprisonment each, for offence under Section 338 of the IPC; and (III) a fine of ₹250 each and in default one week simple imprisonment for offence under Section 336 of the IPC. All the aforesaid sentences pronounced pursuant to the Judgement were to run concurrently. The Defendants have already paid monetary penalty imposed under the Judgement. 

Aggrieved by the above Judgement, the Defendants filed a criminal appeal before the Hon’ble Metropolitan Sessions Judge, Hyderabad (“ **Sessions Judge** ”) praying for (i) the Judgement to be set aside; (ii) their acquittal; and (iii) suspension of the sentence pending disposal of the appeal. The Sessions Judge by way of its order dated December 20, 2017 suspended the sentence of imprisonment. The matter is currently pending. 

Any adverse order or dismissal of such appeal or any further appeals may lead to our CEO not being able to continue in such position, and for our Board to have to look for a replacement for her. Such adverse decision may also lead to negative publicity for our Company and affect our business and reputation. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Outstanding Criminal Litigations against our Chief Executive Officer_ ” on page 248. 

**_3. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by global health epidemics, including the recent COVID-19 outbreak, and the continuing effect of the same cannot be predicted._** 

During the first half of 2020, COVID-19 spread to a majority of countries across the world, including India. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, significant repercussions across local, national and global economies and financial markets. The global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has been rapidly evolving and public health officials and governmental authorities have responded by taking measures, such as prohibiting people from assembling in large numbers, instituting quarantines, restricting travel, issuing “stay-at-home” orders and restricting the types of businesses that may continue to operate, among many others. On March 14, 2020, India declared COVID-19 as a “notified disaster” and imposed a nationwide lockdown beginning on March 25, 2020. The lockdown lasted until May 31, 2020, and was extended periodically by varying degrees by state governments and local administrations. The lifting of the lockdown across various regions has been regulated with limited and progressive relaxations being granted for movement of goods and people in other places and calibrated re-opening of businesses and offices. The recent surge in COVID-19 infections has led to states in India having imposed and other states considering the imposition of additional regional or local lockdowns or curfews. For example, the state of Telangana on May 12, 2021 and the state of Andhra Pradesh on May 5, 2021, imposed partial lock downs, each to prevent the further spread of COVID-19. 

There is significant uncertainty regarding the duration and long-term impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as possible future responses by the Government, which makes it impossible for us to predict with certainty the impact that COVID-19 will have on our business, operations or potential expansion plans in the future. The COVID-19 pandemic has affected and may continue to affect our business, results of operations and financial condition in a number of ways such as reduction of working hours at a few of our centres, reduction of demand of certain tests, preference of COVID-19 test over the others and delays in expansion plans. We currently provide RT-PCR tests for detection of COVID-19 at 25 diagnostic centres across nine cities and towns. The impact of COVID-19 pandemic on our future results of operations and financial condition remains uncertain and is dependent on the spread of COVID-19 and steps taken by the Government to mitigate the economic impact and may differ from our estimates. We are closely monitoring the impact of COVID-19 on our financial condition, liquidity, operations, suppliers and work force. Any intensification of the COVID-19 pandemic or any future outbreak of another highly infectious or contagious disease may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Further, we have experienced and may further experience, Government instructions to reduce or cap the price of COVID-19 tests, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. For example, the Government of Telangana had in November 2020 reduced the maximum price of the RT-PCR tests from ₹ 2,200 to ₹ 850 and subsequently in December 2020 to ₹ 500 (for samples collected at laboratories), and the Government of Andhra Pradesh had fixed the price of the RT-PCR tests for samples sent by individuals to approved laboratories from to ₹ 2,900 to ₹ 1,000 in November 2020 and subsequently to ₹ 499 in December 2020, though our Company is not aware of any material financial impact to our Company brought by the 

22 

pricing policies implemented for the RT-PCR tests. For further details relating to risks relating to implementation of pricing policies by the Government or other authorities, see “- _Non-compliance with and changes in any of the applicable laws, rules or regulations, including pricing, safety, health and environmental laws, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and cash flows._ ” on page 26. 

**_4. Any interruptions at our flagship centre and other diagnostic centres may affect our ability to process diagnostic tests, which in turn may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our flagship centre, which is located in Himayatnagar, Hyderabad, is our main ‘hub’ and equipped to conduct majority of the tests offered by us. In addition to walk-in patients, our flagship centre also receives test requests and related specimens from certain other diagnostic centres in our network. Revenues from our flagship centre constituted 14.63%, 17.75%, 17.53% and 20.51% of our revenue from operations for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and the financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Though we have not encountered any interruption to our flagship centre in the past three years, if we experience any interruptions at our flagship centre, or if it fails to function, in whole or in part, because of events such as a fire, natural disaster or a loss of licenses, certifications or permits or other reasons or events beyond our control, our services at such diagnostic centre may be adversely affected or suspended. Further, while we have two other diagnostic centres (located at Dilshunagar and Habsiguda) in the vicinity of our flagship centre to maintain our continuity of services, there are certain tests that we only perform at our flagship centre. As a result, the occurrence of such events could also cause us to lose our patients and we may face significant increase in costs for test processing, transport and logistics which we may not be able to pass on to our patients. Any failure, malfunction, shutdown or partial or complete destruction of our flagship centre could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, we have 20 hub centres, which are equipped to conduct all of pathology specimens collection, basic radiology tests and certain advanced radiology tests. Revenues from our hub centres constituted 49.16%, 45.66%, 46.06% and 44.24% of our revenue from operations for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and the financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Any interruptions at these service centres or any failure in operating in whole or in part of these facilities may also adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_5. Our operations are concentrated in south India, and any loss of business in such region could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

While we have presence across 13 cities and towns in India, as of June 30, 2021, a significant portion of our operations are concentrated in the states of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh in south India. We derived 87.18% , 86.21%, 89.83% and 88.04% of our revenue from operations from Telangana for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and the financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. We also derived 8.73%, 9.99%, 6.62% and 6.64% of our revenue from operations from Andhra Pradesh for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and the financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Further, as of June 30, 2021, 64 out of 81 of our diagnostic centres are in Hyderabad. In the event of a regional slowdown in the economic activity in south India, or any other developments including political or civil unrest, disruption or sustained economic downturn that reduce the demand for our services in the states of Telangana and Andhra Pradesh, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, which are largely dependent on the performance and other prevailing conditions affecting the economies of south India. 

**_6. One of our Subsidiaries MDSL was in non-compliance of the Listing Regulations in the past which have since been rectified. Further our Company has made a delayed filing under regulation 31(4) of the Takeover Regulations in relation to the equity shares held by it in its capacity as a promoter of MDSL. We cannot assure you that the SEBI or BSE will not take any further action against us or MDSL as a result of such non-compliance or delayed filing_** 

Our Subsidiary, MDSL’s equity shares are listed on the BSE. MDSL is therefore required to comply with the provisions as prescribed by SEBI including the SEBI Act, the rules and regulations thereunder including the Listing Regulations and various circulars issued thereunder. In terms of regulation 33(1)(d) of the Listing Regulations a listed entity is required to ensure that the limited review reports or audit reports submitted to the stock exchanges on a quarterly or annual basis are to be given only by an auditor who has subject himself to a peer review process of the ICAI. In the past MDSL’s erstwhile statutory auditor did not hold a peer review certificate of the ICAI. MDSL has since appointed a statutory auditor which holds a valid peer reviewed certificate of the ICAI. 

Further under regulation 31(4) of the Takeover Regulations, a promoter of every listed company is required to file on a yearly basis, within seven working days from the end of each financial year to every stock exchange where the shares of the listed company are listed, a declaration that the promoter along with the persons acting in concert have not made any encumbrance, directly or indirectly, other than those disclosed during the financial year. Our Company has made a delayed filing under regulation 31(4) of the Takeover Regulations for the financial year ended March 31, 2021 by eight days in respect of the equity shares of MDSL held by it in its capacity as a promoter. We cannot assure you that the SEBI or BSE will not take any further action against us or MDSL as a result of such non-compliance or delayed filing. 

**_7. There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company, Subsidiaries and Directors which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations_** 

23 

There are outstanding legal proceedings involving our Company, Subsidiaries and Directors. These proceedings are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals, enquiry officers and appellate tribunals. Such proceedings could divert management time and attention, and consume financial resources in their defence. Further, an adverse judgment in some of these proceedings could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

A summary of the outstanding proceedings involving our Company, Subsidiaries and Directors as disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus, to the extent quantifiable, have been set out below: 

||_(_<br>|_₹ in million, unless otherwise specified)_<br> <sup>**^**</sup>|
|---|---|---|
|**Nature of cases**|**No. of cases**|**Total amount involved**|
|**Litigation involving ourCompany**|||
|**_Against ourCompany_**<br>|||
|_Material civil litigationproceedings _|1|9.90|
|_Criminal cases_|2|Notquantifiable|
|_Action taken by statutory and regulatory authorities_|Nil|Nil|
|_Taxation cases_|4|4.03|
|**_By ourCompany_**|||
|_Civil cases_|Nil|Nil|
|_Criminal cases_|1|0.50|
|**Litigation involving our Subsidiaries**|||
|**_Against ourSubsidiaries_**|||
|_Civil cases_|2|26.72|
|_Criminal cases_|11|Notquantifiable|
|_Action taken by statutory and regulatory authorities_|1|Notquantifiable|
|_Taxation cases_|Nil|Nil|
|**_By ourSubsidiaries_**|||
|_Civil cases_|1|0.50|
|_Criminal cases_|Nil|Nil|
|**Litigation involving our Directors**|||
|**_Against our Directors_**|||
|_Civil cases_|1|26.72|
|_Criminal cases_|Nil|Nil|
|_Action taken by statutory and regulatory authorities_|Nil|Nil|
|_Taxation cases_|Nil|Nil|
|**_By our Directors_**|||
|_Civil cases_|Nil|Nil|
|_Criminal cases_|Nil|Nil|
|**Litigation involving our Promoter**|||
|**_Against our Promoter_**|||
|_Civil cases_|Nil|Nil|
|_Criminal cases_|Nil|Nil|
|_Action taken by statutory and regulatory authorities_|Nil|Nil|
|_Disciplinary actions including penalties imposed by SEBI or the Stock_<br>_Exchanges in the last five financial years including any outstanding_<br>_action_|Nil|Nil|
|_Taxation cases_|Nil|Nil|
|**_By our Promoter_**|||
|_Civil cases_|Nil|Nil|
|_Criminal cases_|Nil|Nil|



For further details of legal proceedings and notices involving our Company and Directors, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 244. 

Our Company has received an order from the Directorate of Enforcement, Government of India (“ **ED** ”) through a letter dated July 5, 2021 (“ **ED Letter** ”) directing us to produce certain documents/information, such as details of our Directors, details of foreign inward/outward remittances along with supporting documents, and financials and income tax returns of our Company for the last five years, for the purpose of an investigation under the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999. Our Company has responded to the ED Letter by way of a letter dated August 5, 2021 and submitted requisite documents and information sought in the ED Letter. Though the ED Letter makes no allegations as to any violation by our Company, we cannot assure you that this investigation will not result in initiation of further inquiries, proceedings or legal actions against us. In the event the ED were to commence proceedings against us, it may result in the diversion of our management’s time and attention and could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, future cash flows and results of operations. 

We cannot provide assurance that these legal proceedings will be decided in our favour. Decisions in such proceedings may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_8. We have commissioned and paid for an industry report and its addendum from CRISIL Limited specifically for the purpose of the Offer, which have been used for industry related data in this Red Herring Prospectus_** 

24 

We have commissioned and paid for an industry report titled “Assessment of the diagnostic industry in India” dated May 2021 and its addendum to the report dated August 2021 specifically for the purpose of the Offer. The report uses certain methodologies for market sizing and forecasting. We cannot assure you that the report is complete or reliable. Accordingly, investors should read the industry related disclosure in this Red Herring Prospectus in this context. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. While industry sources take due care and caution while preparing their reports, they do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the data. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information. 

While we believe data obtained from industry publications and other industry sources referred to in this Red Herring Prospectus to be true, we cannot assure you that such data is complete or reliable. Such data may also be produced on different bases from those used in the industry publications we have referenced. Therefore, discussions of matters relating to India, its economy and the industry and geography in which we currently operate are subject to the caveat that the statistical and other data upon which such discussions are based may be incomplete or unreliable and prospective investors are advised not to place undue reliance on such data. See “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 79. 

# **9.** **_Our Group Companies have incurred losses in the past and may incur losses in the future_** 

Our Group Companies have incurred loss in the past. The following table sets forth information on losses incurred by our Group Companies in the past: 

|||||_(_₹_in million)_|
|---|---|---|---|---|
|**Name of the Group Company**|**Particulars**|**For the finan**|**cial year ended Ma**|**rch 31,**|
|||**2020**|**2019**|**2018**|
|Park Health Systems Private Limited|Profit/(Loss) after tax|25.35|(39.27)|14.27|
|VijayaHospitalsPrivateLimited|Profit/(Loss) after Tax|4.68|6.42|(1.18)|



There can be no assurance that our Group Companies will not incur losses in the future, which may have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. 

**_10. We will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. The Selling Shareholders will receive the net proceeds from the Offer for Sale._** 

The Offer consists of the Offer for Sale. The Selling Shareholders shall be entitled to the net proceeds from the Offer for Sale, which comprise proceeds from the Offer for Sale net of Offer expenses shared by the Selling Shareholders, and our Company will not receive any proceeds from the Offer for Sale. 

**_11. We depend on third-parties to provide us our testing equipment and reagents, and any failure to continue to do so or recall of existing testing equipment and reagents could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We depend on third-party vendors and suppliers to procure our testing equipment and reagents and we enter into lease agreements and rental agreements with fixed term with them. Certain of these agreements require us to purchase minimum quantity or value of purchases. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to obtain adequate supplies of equipment, reagents and test kits, in a timely manner and without any defects, in the future. Any disruption in our business may also result in us not meeting our minimum purchase obligations under these agreements resulting in an event of default and leading to potential disruption to our supply of equipment or reagents. Any such reductions or interruptions in the supply of equipment or reagents, defects in reagent and test kits and any inability on our part to find alternate sources for the procurement of such items, may have an adverse effect on our ability to provide our services in a timely or cost effective manner. Further, the procurement cost of testing equipment and reagents produced outside India may increase due to depreciation of Indian Rupee, and the suppliers may therefore demand to re-negotiate the supply contracts with us. In the event of an increase in the price of such items, we cannot assure you that we will be able to correspondingly increase the price of our services. 

In addition, under our lease and reagent supply agreements, the supplier typically has the discretion to terminate the agreement with written notice in the event of a breach of any material term or condition of such agreement, including on account of a default in the purchase of a committed amount of reagents, movement of the leased equipment without prior consent of the manufacturer. Further, the equipment is at all times the exclusive property of the manufacturer and our Company has rights only as a lessee. In addition, manufacturers may discontinue the supply of, or recall reagents, test kits, instruments or equipment which could adversely affect our operations. Any such recall or termination and consequent removal of the installed equipment can adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, in fiscal 2017 one of our subsidiaries, MDSL, has defaulted on certain equipment loans availed from its lenders. Due to these defaults, MDSL paid ₹ 0.07 million in delay charges and interest payment on delay charges to the lender. Further, Medinova Millennium MRI Services LLP, one of our Subsidiaries, has delayed the payment of instalments of its equipment loans in fiscal years 2017, 2018 and 2019 and as a result paid delay charges and interest payment on delay charges of ₹ 0.51 million to the lender. We cannot assure you that the Company or its subsidiaries will not default on any of their financing facilities in the future. Any such default can adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

25 

# **_12. Failure or malfunction of our equipment could adversely affect our ability to conduct our operations._** 

Our operations are subject to risks inherent in the use of complex medical equipment. We have experienced routine breakdowns and may experience breakdowns and failures or there could be injury to our employees or others either because of defects, faulty maintenance or repair, or improper use or lack of timely servicing of our equipment. Our Company has entered into comprehensive maintenance  contracts for which we pay fixed fees for maintenance of major medical equipment and have not incurred any material costs associated with repair and maintenance of medical equipment in the past three fiscal years. However, any significant malfunction or breakdown of our equipment may entail significant repair and maintenance costs and cause disruptions and delays in our operations. Any injury caused by our medical equipment in our diagnostic centres due to equipment defects, improper maintenance or improper operation could subject us to liability claims. We cannot assure you that we would be able to effectively respond to any such events, in a timely manner and at an acceptable cost, which could lead to an inability to effectively provide our services and, therefore, affect our business and reputation. 

# **_13. Non-compliance with and changes in any of the applicable laws, rules or regulations, including pricing, safety, health and environmental laws, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and cash flows._** 

Our diagnostic centres through which we provide our services are subject to stringent health and safety laws. We are required to maintain licenses under various health and safety legislations and regulations which, among others, include registration under the Clinical Establishments (Registration and Regulations) Act, 2010 or under respective State clinical establishment legislation, specifically Telangana Allopathic Private Medical Care Establishments (Registration and Regulation) Act, 2002 and Andhra Pradesh Allopathic Private Medical Care Establishments (Registration and Regulation) Act, 2002 and rules thereunder, as applicable, issued by the appropriate State authority, authorizations under the Bio-Medical Waste (Management and Handling) Rules, 2016, issued by the respective State Pollution Control Boards, registration for operation of medical diagnostic x-ray equipment issued by the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board and no objection certificates for the radioactive substances which are in our possession and covered under the applicable Shops and Establishments Acts, in Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Haryana and West Bengal. Additionally, our diagnostic centres also possess licenses to operate X-ray equipment, such as the bone densitometer, mammography machine and computer tomography (CT) scanners, as required under the Atomic Energy Rules. 

In addition to this, our Company and our diagnostic centres are also required to obtain trade licenses as issued by appropriate local municipalities under applicable local laws, relevant registrations under the Employees’ State Insurance Act, 1948, the Contract Labour (Registration and Abolition) Act, 1970, Telangana Tax on Profession Trade, Calling and Employment Act, 1987 and a shops and establishments registration, in the states that we operate. For some of our diagnostic centres we are also required, depending on the height and the proportion of the premises we occupy, to obtain a fire no objection certificate (“ **Fire NOC** ”) from the relevant local authorities. For certain diagnostic centres located in multistoried buildings, we occupy part of the building with other tenants occupying the balance building. As on the date of the Red Herring Prospectus, (i) our Company was not required to obtain a Fire NOC for certain diagnostic centres (a) since the height of the building in which such diagnostic centres are located is less than the height statutorily prescribed for obtaining Fire NOCs; or (b) because we occupy only a part of the building even though the height of the building is more than the height statutorily prescribed for obtaining Fire NOCs since the owner of such building is required to obtain the Fire NOCs; and (ii) our Company has been unable to apply for the Fire NOC for one diagnostic centre in Hyderabad, namely at Himayatnagar, due to the non-availability of the stipulated setback area around the premises as per the National Building Code of India, 2016. However, our Company made an application dated June 13, 2021 to the Government of Telangana for a fire audit certificate for the above referred diagnostic centre at Himayatnagar. Subsequently, the Government of Telangana by way of a fire audit letters dated July 5, 2021 and July 8, 2021 has provided additional fire safety observations for the Himayatnagar diagnostic centre such as deficiencies in open spaces around the building, deficiencies in fire fighting equipment, emergency power and safety systems and fire safety equipment. The Himayatnagar diagnostic centre contributes 14.63% and 17.75% of our revenue from operations for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and the financial year 2021, respectively. While we have ensured that and our staff is well versed with the fire safety protocols and all our diagnostic centres are equipped with the requisite fire-fighting equipment and have been recently audited by a retired fire officer, due to structural issues at Himayatnagar diagnostic centre there maybe challenges in case of any untoward incident. The relevant local authorities may also institute any civil or criminal actions (including the temporary sealing of the premises) for any non-compliance of this requirement at this aforesaid location which may in turn interrupt our operations or collections at this diagnostic centre, and consequently our results of operations, financial conditions and cash flows. 

Our business operations are primarily conducted on premises leased from third parties (including certain related parties). The owners of these premises are required to obtain, depending on the date of completion of construction of the premises, an occupancy certificate. As on the date of the Red Herring Prospectus, the owners for certain locations in which our diagnostic centres are located have not applied for an occupancy certificate. We cannot assure you that such owners will apply for or obtain the occupancy certificate for such premises in a timely manner or at all. Any non-possession of occupancy certificates may result in the functional agencies not providing a regular connections for electricity, water, drainage and sewerage or imposition of higher property tax and water and electricity charges. 

If a determination is made that we are in violation of any of the applicable laws, rules or regulations, including conditions in the permits required for our operations, we may be subjected to regulatory sanctions, have to pay fines, modify or discontinue our operations, incur additional operating costs or make capital expenditures which would adversely affect our business, results 

26 

of operations, financial position and cash flows. Uncertainty in the applicability, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, applicable laws, rules or regulations or policies, may also adversely affect the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. Further, the adoption of stricter applicable laws and regulations, stricter interpretations of existing laws, increased governmental enforcement of laws or other developments in the future may require that we make additional capital expenditures, incur additional expenses or take other actions in order to remain compliant and maintain our current operations. Complying with, and changes in, these laws and regulations or terms of approval may increase our compliance costs and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We are also subject to the laws and regulations governing relationships with employees in such areas as minimum wage, gratuity, provident fund and maximum working hours, overtime, working conditions, hiring and termination of employees, contract labour and work permits. There is a risk that we may inadvertently fail to comply with such regulations, which could lead to enforced shutdowns and other sanctions imposed by the relevant authorities, as well as the withholding or delay in receipt of regulatory approvals. We cannot assure you that we will not be involved in future litigation or other proceedings or be held liable in any litigation or proceedings including in relation to safety, health and environmental matters, the costs of which may be significant. 

# **_14. We require certain approvals, licenses, registrations and permits for conducting our business and our inability to obtain, retain or renew them in a timely manner, or at all, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our operations are subject to extensive government regulation and we are required to obtain and maintain a number of statutory and regulatory registrations, permits and approvals under central, state and local government rules in India, generally for carrying out our business and for each of our facilities. Our Company has made applications for the renewal of certain licenses, such as trade licenses granted by the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation for some of our branches and we await the receipt of such licenses. Further, the authorizations under the Bio-medical waste management (Management and Handling) Rule, 2016, Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (Regulation and Prevention of Misuse) Act, 1994, Bio-Medical Waste (Management and Handling) Rules, 2016, Telangana Allopathic Private Medical Care Establishments (Registration and Regulation) Act, 2002 and Andhra Pradesh Allopathic Private Medical Care Establishments (Registration and Regulation) Act, 2002 for some of its diagnostic centres are pending renewal. For details, see “ _Government and Other Approvals – Approvals applied for but not received_ ” on page 251. The regulatory licenses that we require are typically granted for a limited term and are subject to renewal at the end of such terms. We cannot assure that we will be able to obtain or renew all necessary licenses and registrations as and when required, within a reasonable time, or at all. 

Our diagnostic centres are located on properties leased by us, and it is the responsibility of the lessors to procure occupancy certificates. An absence of such certificates on accord of the lessors could also adversely affect our business and operations. 

Our licenses and approvals are subject to various conditions, including periodic renewal and maintenance of standards that are subject to inspection and may require us to incur substantial expenditure. Any actual or alleged failure on our part to comply with the terms and conditions of such regulatory licenses and registrations could expose us to significant compliance costs or liabilities or could affect our ability to continue our operations. Further, in the event certain accreditations, are made compulsory, either by law or as a condition for empanelment, our business and operations may be adversely affected until such time we receive such accreditations. 

If we fail to obtain or renew any applicable approvals, licenses, registrations or consents in a timely manner, we may not be able to undertake certain operations of our business, or at all, which may affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We cannot assure you that the approvals, licenses, registrations or permits issued to us will not be suspended or revoked in the event of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with any terms or conditions thereof, or pursuant to any regulatory action. In addition, any suspension, revocation or termination of one or more of our operational licenses may also lead to consequences under the terms of our other licenses. Any failure to renew the approvals that have expired, or to apply for and obtain the required approvals, licenses, registrations or consents, or any suspension or revocation of any of the approvals, licenses, registrations or consents that have been or may be issued to us, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_15. Our inability to effectively manage our growth or to successfully implement our business plan and growth strategy could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

We have experienced considerable growth and we have significantly expanded our operations from 61 diagnostic centres as on March 31, 2019 to 81 diagnostic centres as on June 30, 2021. Our revenue from operations was ₹ 1,226.86 million and our profit/(loss) was ₹ 333.25 million for the three months ended June 30, 2021. Our revenue from operations grew from ₹ 2,925.87 million for the financial year 2019 to ₹ 3,767.46 million for the financial year 2021, while our profit/(loss) for the year grew from ₹ 462.72 million for the financial year 2019 to ₹ 849.11 million for the financial year 2021. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to grow further, or at such rate. 

27 

As part of our growth strategy, among others, we seek to increase the penetration of our existing test services in the Indian market by opening new diagnostic centres and make strategic acquisitions of other diagnostic service providers. See “ _Our Business – Our Strategy_ ” on page 113. Our inability to manage our expansion effectively and execute our growth strategy in a timely manner, or within budget estimates or our inability to meet the expectations of our stakeholders could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We cannot assure you that our existing or future management, operational and financial systems, procedures and controls will be adequate to support our future operations, or establish or develop business relationships beneficial to our future operations. Failure to manage growth effectively could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_16. We operate in a highly competitive business environment, and our inability to compete effectively could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The diagnostics industry in India is highly competitive with several companies present in the market, and therefore it is challenging to improve market share and profitability. Our competitors include diagnostic healthcare service providers in India, hospital-based laboratories, independent clinical laboratories, other smaller-scale providers of diagnostic services (with more established local and regional presence in certain geographies) such as pathology, radiology laboratories and preventive care providers as well as international service providers, which may establish and expand their operations in future. We compete on the breadth of our test offerings, the geographical reach of our network, our ability to accurately process specimens and report data in a timely manner and our customer relationships. Some of our competitors may have greater financial, research and development, marketing and other resources, broader service offerings, more experience in obtaining regulatory approvals or greater geographic reach or economies of scale. Further, the diagnostics industry is highly fragmented, the lack of regulations and low entry barriers allow a multitude of organised and unorganised players to compete in the market. 

Also, the pricing-related competition may intensify in the near future which may have an adverse effect on the results of our operations, including our profit margins. Increase in the number of comparable diagnostic healthcare facilities may exert additional pricing pressure on some or all of our services. The manufacturers of laboratory equipment and test kits may also enter the diagnostic industry by marketing point-of-care laboratory equipment to physicians and by selling self-test kits, which may be more convenient to the patients and cheaper than our services. If we are unable to compete effectively, our business could decline or contract and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

**_17. We may become subject to professional malpractice liability claims, which could be costly and, therefore, could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The delivery of diagnostic services involve certain inherent risks. Although we do not believe our operations or activities constitute the practice of medicine, nevertheless, claims, suits or complaints relating to services provided by our employees at our diagnostic centres may be asserted against us in the future. We provide advanced radiology testing services such as MRI, CT, Spect and Pet CT. While performing these tests, we might need to do certain invasive or anesthetic procedures based on the prescription given by the doctors. There is a risk that patient suffers injury and inconvenience, or develops any kind of reaction and we may face claims from such patients and/or regulatory authorities, whether it includes medical negligence by our staff or doctors or not. For instance, there are two complaints (one consumer complaint and one criminal complaint) against us and certain of our employees for alleged gross negligence and recklessness in the accuracy of diagnosis and subsequent treatment. The total damages claimed under the consumer complaint is ₹9.90 million. In addition, we may be subject to professional liability claims, including, without limitation, for improper use or malfunction of our diagnostic equipment or for accidental contamination or injury from exposure to radiation. For further details see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving our Company – Litigation against our Company_ ” on page 245. 

Any claim made against our Company that is not fully covered by insurance could be costly to defend, result in a substantial damage award against us and divert the attention of our management from our operations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_18. Any inadequacy in collection of, or failure or delay in the delivery of, specimens to our processing laboratories could compromise or destroy the integrity of such specimens, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The process of collecting specimens is highly dependent on the skill and performance of our front-end employees. Any losses, errors or delays in the specimen collection, preparation, labelling and storage process could result in us not being able to effectively provide our services and adversely affect our business and reputation. 

The timely pickup, transportation and delivery of specimens depend on several factors beyond our control, including weather and road conditions. Any disruptions in transportation services on account of natural disasters, strikes, lock-outs, terrorism, inadequacies in the road or air infrastructure, weather related problems, or other events could affect our ability to receive specimens and generate test results in a timely manner. For example, the lockdown due to the outbreak of COVID-19 has marginally affected the process and timeliness of collection and delivery of specimens. While most of our diagnostic centres are serviced through our in-house logistics team, we also rely on the services of third-party phlebotomists and logistics providers including for collection of COVID-19 samples. As a result, we may experience loss of specimens, delays and inefficiencies, including mislabeling of specimen, which are not within our control. If we are unable to deliver or receive specimens at our 

28 

processing laboratories in a timely manner, their integrity as well as the outcome of results may be compromised, or the reporting of results of tests to patients may be delayed, which could adversely affect our reputation. Further, specimens may be lost, damaged or contaminated due to mishandling while in transit. In the event specimens are lost, destroyed, damaged or contaminated, we may incur additional costs, such as the cost of re-administering tests or from delays in the generation of critical test results. The occurrence of any such events could adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Further, certain agreements we entered into with the third-party phlebotomists and logistics providers include clauses for termination without cause with advance notice. In the event the services provided by these third-party phlebotomists and logistics providers are terminated, we may not be able to find replace in a timely manner, or at all, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_19. Our inability to protect or use our intellectual property rights or comply with intellectual property rights of others may adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 



We filed an application for the registration of our corporate logo ‘ ’, under class 44 of the Trade Mark Act, 1999 and received partial approval to the extent of words “Vijaya Diagnostic Centre”. Additionally, as on the date of this Red Herring 



Prospectus, seven of our trademarks have been objected to by various third parties, including an objection to which forms part of our corporate logo, and the proceedings in respect of these objections are currently ongoing. Our inability to obtain or maintain these registrations may adversely affect our competitive business position. The measures we take to protect our intellectual property include relying on Indian laws and initiating legal proceedings, which may not be adequate to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property by third parties. Notwithstanding the precautions we take to protect our intellectual property rights, it is possible that third parties may copy or otherwise infringe on our rights, which may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We may also be unable to prevent infringement of our trademarks. In the event our application for our corporate logo is rejected, we will take necessary steps to appeal such rejection and apply for alternative designs and logo as suggested by the Board of Directors. 

**_20. We are dependent on a number of key personnel, including our senior management and qualified and experienced laboratory professionals, and the loss of, or our inability to attract or retain such persons could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

Our performance depends largely on the efforts and abilities of our Key Managerial Personnel. Our individual Promoter and Executive Chairman, Dr. S. Surendranath Reddy, our Executive Director, Sunil Chandra Kondapally and our CEO, Sura Suprita Reddy, have an average of over 18 years each in the medical diagnostic industry. The inputs and experience of our Key Managerial Personnel are valuable for the development of business and operations and the strategic directions taken by our Company. Within our Key Managerial Personnel, we faced attrition of one person during the three months ended June 30, 2021 and three, two and one persons during the financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019. We cannot assure you that we will be able to retain these employees or find adequate replacements in a timely manner, or at all. We may require a long period of time to hire and train replacement personnel when qualified personnel terminate their employment with our Company. We may also be required to increase our levels of employee compensation more rapidly than in the past to remain competitive in attracting employees that our business requires. 

In addition, our sustained growth depends on our ability to attract, train, motivate and retain qualified and experienced laboratory professionals, including physicians, radiologists and technicians. Our diagnostic services are provided by a medical professional team consisting of 74 laboratory doctors, 19 physicians and 105 radiologists and 1,027 well-trained technical staff in our network, as of June 30, 2021. We faced attrition of 9% laboratory and radiology professionals during the three months ended June 30, 2021 and 31%, 39% and 31% laboratory and radiology professionals during the financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019. Our inability to retain and/or attract such skilled personnel, especially in smaller cities in India, could result in a decrease in the quality of our services. We also cannot assure you that these individuals will not leave us or join a competitor. Therefore, the loss of services of our healthcare professionals and technicians, failure to recruit suitable replacements in a timely manner or the need to incur additional expenses to recruit and train new personnel could adversely affect our operations. 

Further, if any of our executive officers or key employees joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose know-how, trade secrets, customers and key professionals and staff. The occurrence of any such events could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_21. Implementation of pricing policies by the Government or other authorities could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The prices that we charge for our services could become subject to recommended or maximum fees set by the Government or other authorities. For example, the government could introduce “price lists” for services that could be mandatory or, even if not mandatory, result in guidance for the prices we charge for our diagnostic healthcare services. Further, we are empanelled diagnostic centre under the Central Government Health Scheme (“ **CGHS** ”), beneficiaries of CGHS are entitled to enjoy our services at CGHS rates and/or CGHS recommended rates. We generated 2.39%, 2.55%, 2.99% and 2.87% of our revenue from 

29 

operations from CGHS for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and the financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The implementation of such policies and the restriction under CGHS affecting the prices we charge could, in effect, limit our ability to charge customers higher prices for our services, which may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_22. Failure to introduce new tests, services and technologies or acquire new or improved equipment could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The diagnostic healthcare services industry is subject to constant innovations in, and improvements to tests and services, processes and technologies. In order to maintain our position in our industry, we must continue to anticipate and keep abreast of the demands and needs of our patients through investing in technologies and equipment to develop new tests and services and improve existing tests and services. If we fail to anticipate trends in the industry, or we are not able to introduce or develop new tests, services and technologies before or at least concurrently with our competitors and at competitive prices, we may consequently be unable to deliver our diagnostic healthcare services involving new tests, services or technologies in an efficient and effective manner. As a result, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

In addition, technological advancement could lead to the development of more cost-effective technologies or non-invasive diagnostic healthcare tests which are more convenient or less expensive than the tests that we offer. The introduction of such technology and its subsequent use by our existing and potential patients could lead to a decline in the demand for our services. Advances in technology may lead to the development of more cost-effective tests that can be performed outside a commercial clinical laboratory, such as tests that can be performed by hospitals in their own laboratories, point-of-care tests that can be performed by doctors in their surgeries, or home-testing that can be performed by patients or other non-medical professionals themselves, such as pregnancy and diabetes tests. In addition, manufacturers of laboratory equipment and test kits could seek to increase their sales by marketing point-of-care laboratory equipment to physicians and by selling test kits approved for home use to both physicians and patients. Increased testing by physicians in their offices and home use by patients could affect the market for our services and, therefore, adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_23. We rely on our information technology systems and third-party platform for the operation of our business and any disruption to our systems and/or third-party platform could adversely affect our business and reputation and result in litigation._** 

We rely on information technology systems and third-party website to support our business processes, including for placing order for tests by our customers, conducting tests, transmission of testing results, billing services, quality control, tracking logistics, human resources, finance and other patient service functions. As a result, our business depends on the capacity and reliability of third-party vendors whom we engage and will continue to do so. Interruptions in these technology systems and/or the third-party website, whether due to fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, system failures or errors, human errors, malicious software, physical or electronic break-ins, denial-of-service attacks, or otherwise could affect the availability of our services and prevent or hinder the ability of consumers to access our services. For example, from time to time, we have suffered interruptions in our technology systems, for short durations at one or more of our centres due telecommunications failures. Effective response to such interruptions will require effort and diligence on the part of our third-party vendors and employees to avoid any adverse effect to our business operations. Sustained system failures or interruption of our information technology systems (including systems of third-party vendors) in one or more of our diagnostic centre operations could disrupt our ability to process laboratory requisitions, perform testing, provide test results in a timely manner and bill the appropriate party. The occurrence of any such events could adversely affect our business, interrupt our operations, subject us to increased operating costs and expose us to litigation. 

# **_24. Cyber threats and non-compliance with and changes in privacy laws and regulations may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and cash flows._** 

We may face cyber threats such as (i) phishing and trojans - targeting constituents, wherein fraudsters send unsolicited mails to the constituents seeking account sensitive information or to infect their systems to search and attempt ex-filtration of account sensitive information; (ii) hacking – wherein attackers seek to hack into our website and portal with the primary intention of causing reputational damage to us by disrupting services; (iii) data theft – wherein cyber criminals may attempt to intrude into our network with the intention of stealing our data or information; and (iv) advanced persistent threat – a network attack in which an unauthorised person gains access to our network and remains undetected for a long period of time with an intention to steal our data or information rather than to cause damage to our network or organization. 

Our systems are also potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by our employees, or others that may expose sensitive data to unauthorised persons. We process and transfer data, including personal information, financial information and other confidential data provided to us by constituents. Although we maintain systems and procedures to prevent unauthorised access and other security breaches, it is possible that unauthorised individuals could improperly access our systems, or improperly obtain or disclose sensitive data that we process or handle. Data security breaches could lead to the loss of intellectual property or could lead to the public exposure of personal information (including sensitive financial and personal information) of constituents. Any such security breaches or compromises of technology systems could result in damage to our reputation, institution of legal proceedings against us and potential imposition of penalties, which may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

30 

Further, we must comply with privacy laws and regulations with respect to the use, storage and disclosure of protected patients’ health information, as well as laws pertaining to the electronic transmission of such information, such as the Information Technology (Reasonable security practices and procedures and sensitive personal data on information) Rules, 2011 (“ **IT Rules** ”). In the ordinary course of our business, we receive certain personal information about our customers and their patients, including by electronic means. Under the provisions of the IT Rules, we are required to and we have ensured security of all personal data collected by us, formulated a privacy policy and subsequently published such policy on our website. Accordingly, we depend upon our internal information technology system for the storage and transmission of such confidential information. A compromise in our security systems (including systems of third-party information technology vendors) that results in customer or patient personal information being obtained by unauthorised persons or our failure to comply with security requirements for use, storage and transmission of sensitive information could adversely affect our reputation with our customers and result in litigation against us or the imposition of penalties and fines, all of which may adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Further, new requirements for additional security and protection of the privacy of patient information could prove technically difficult, time-consuming or expensive to implement. Failure to comply with privacy laws and regulations may adversely impact our business and reputation and result in litigation. 

# **_25. If we pursue strategic acquisitions, we may not be able to successfully consummate favourable transactions or successfully integrate acquired businesses._** 

From time to time, we may evaluate potential acquisitions that would further the strategic objectives of our Company. However, we may not be able to (i) identify or secure suitable investment or acquisition opportunities, or our competitors may capitalise on such opportunities before we do; (ii) obtain requisite approvals from governmental authorities on a timely basis; (iii) consummate a transaction without delay and on terms that are favourable to us; or (iv) achieve expected returns and other benefits as a result of integration challenges or anti-monopoly regulations. Further, companies or operations acquired by us may not be profitable and may have unidentified issues not discovered in our due diligence process including hidden liabilities and legal contingencies or may not achieve sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made. Our corporate development activities may entail financial and operational risks, including diversion of management attention and other resources from our existing core businesses, difficulty in integrating, retaining or separating personnel and financial and other systems, and negative impacts on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers, difficulty in maintaining standards among diagnostic centres in different regions and complexity of large scale business operations. If we fail to successfully source, execute and integrate investments or acquisitions, we may have to discontinue the operations of acquired companies and write off our investments, and as a result our overall growth could be impaired, and our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Future acquisitions could also result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities and increased operating expenses, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

# **_26. Employee misconduct or failure of our internal processes or procedures could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain patients and subject us to significant legal liability and reputational harm._** 

Our business is exposed to the risk of employee misconduct or the failure of our internal processes and procedures. For example, misconduct by employees could involve the improper use or disclosure of confidential information, which could result in costly litigation and serious reputational or financial harm. While we strive to monitor, detect and prevent fraud or misappropriation by our employees, through various internal control measures, internal policies and insurance coverage, we may be unable to adequately prevent or deter such activities in all cases. While we have been able to identify such issues in the past, there could be instances of fraud and misconduct by our employees, which may go unnoticed for certain periods of time before corrective action is taken. For instance, there was one instance of cash misappropriation by one our employees at the billing counter at one of our centres for ₹0.10 million in March 2019. In addition, we may be subject to regulatory or other proceedings in connection with any such unauthorised transaction, fraud or misappropriation by our employees, which could adversely affect our goodwill, business prospects and future financial performance. Even when we identify instances of fraud and other misconduct and pursue legal recourse or file claims with our insurance carriers, we cannot assure you that we will recover any amounts lost through such fraud or other misconduct. 

**27.** **_If we are unable to establish and maintain an effective internal controls and compliance system, over financial reporting, our reputation could be adversely affected._** 

We take reasonable steps to maintain appropriate procedures for compliance and disclosure and to maintain effective internal controls over our financial reporting so that we produce reliable financial reports and prevent financial fraud. As risks evolve and develop, internal controls must be reviewed on an ongoing basis. Maintaining such internal controls requires human diligence and compliance and is therefore subject to lapses in judgment and failures that result from human error. Any lapses in judgment or failures that result from human error can affect the accuracy of our financial reporting, resulting in a loss of investor confidence and a decline in the price of our equity shares. 

**_28. Our business operations are being conducted on premises owned by and leased from third parties, including our Promoter and members of our Promoter Group. Our inability to continue operating from such premises, or to seek renewal or extension of such leases may adversely affect our business and results of operations_** 

31 

Our business operations are primarily conducted on premises owned by and leased from third parties, including our Promoter and members of our Promoter Group, and we may continue to enter such transactions in future. Our Registered Office, Corporate Office and all our diagnostic centres, except two of our diagnostic centres, are situated and operated from leased premises. Our leases may expire in the ordinary course. We cannot assure you that we will continue to be able to continue operating out of our existing premises or renew our leases at favourable terms or at all. For example, the lease for the diagnostic centre operated by MDSL has expired and the lessors have filed a suit for eviction against MDSL and MDSL has filed a suit for specific performance against the lessors for the renewal of such lease. For further details see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Other Material Developments_ ” on page 244. Any such event may adversely impact our operations (including by way of temporary disruptions) and cash flows and may divert management attention from our business operations. In case of any deficiency in the title of the owners from whose premises we operate, breach of the contractual terms of any lease, leave and license agreements, or if any of the owners of these premises do not renew the agreements under which we occupy the premises, or if they seek to renew such agreements on terms and conditions unfavourable to us, or if they terminate our agreements, we may suffer a disruption in our operations and will have to look for alternate premises. 

Given that our operations are conducted on premises leased from third parties, any encumbrance or adverse impact, or deficiency in, the title, ownership rights or development rights of the owners from whose premises we operate, breach of the contractual terms of any lease or leave and license agreements, or any inability to renew such agreements on acceptable terms or at all may adversely affect our business and results of operations. In the event of relocation, we may be required to obtain fresh regulatory licenses and approvals. Until we receive these, we may suffer disruptions in our operations and our business which may also adversely affect our business and results of operations. For further details, see “ _Our Promoter and Promotor Group - Interests of our Promoter_ ” and “ _Our Promoter and Promotor Group - Payment or benefits to our Promoter or our Promoter Group_ ” on page 154. 

# **_29. Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient or may not adequately protect us against all material hazards, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition._** 

The principal types of coverage under our insurance policies include directors’ and officers’ liability, fire and special perils policy for all centres and godown, money insurance policy for certain centres, burglary (house breaking) policy for our diagnostic centres and godowns, errors and omissions policy and fidelity guarantee policy for all the centres, commercial vehicle insurance policies and two wheeler package policies. The insurance coverage which we maintain is reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with the operation of our businesses. Even if we have insurance for the incident giving rise to the loss, we may be required to pay a significant deductible on any claim for recovery of such a loss, or the amount of the loss may exceed our coverage for the loss. However, we cannot assure you that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have obtained sufficient insurance to cover all our losses. In addition, our insurance coverage expires from time to time. We apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business, and while we have no reason to believe that we will not be able to renew our existing insurance coverage as and when such policies expire, or obtain comparable coverage from similar institutions as may be necessary or appropriate to conduct our businesses as now conducted, we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, or at acceptable cost, or at all. To the extent that we suffer loss or damage, or successful assertion of one or more large claims against us for events for which we are not insured, or for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, or which is not covered in full or part by insurance, exceeds our insurance coverage or where our insurance claims are rejected, the loss would have to be borne by us and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected. We carry insurance in total amount in excess of our total assets as of June 30, 2021. For further details on our insurance arrangements, see “ _Our Business – Insurance_ ” on page 124. 

# **_30. Our ability to attract individual patients is largely dependent on the disposable income and increasing general health awareness of India’s general population, which could decline due to a variety of factors._** 

Our key source of income is from individual patients. Our individual consumer business contributed to 92.09% of our revenue from operations for the fiscal year 2021. The growth of these types of customers is dependent on brand recognition, wider acceptance of our business in the communities in which we operate and our ability to compete effectively within our industry, all of which we may be negatively affected by a wide variety of reasons. For example, individual decisions regarding when to access healthcare services may be impaired by the absence of a developed health insurance sector or the lack of appropriate government programs to cover the costs of healthcare. Moreover, given the small proportion of people in India presently with health insurance, customers in India generally are responsible for all or part of the cost of diagnostic healthcare services, which means that a decrease in disposable income that can be allocated for healthcare services, or even the perception thereof, such as during times of economic downturn, can lead to a reduction in individuals’ expenditures for healthcare services. In addition, we cannot assure you that the current increasing trend in health awareness and demand for preventive healthcare services will continue, and it may even reverse. Any of the above reasons may affect our ability to maintain or increase growth in walk-in customers, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **_31. We face foreign exchange risks that could adversely affect our results of operations._** 

We make payment for most of our equipment in Indian Rupees. However, most of our third-party vendors and suppliers of our testing equipment and reagents import materials from countries other than India, as such, the prices of the testing equipment and reagents may be exposed to fluctuations in exchange rates against the Indian Rupee. We may incur additional costs if 

32 

currencies fluctuate significantly. Any such increase in costs due to foreign exchange fluctuations may adversely affect our results of operations. 

# **_32. Our Promoter and Promoter Group will continue to hold a significant equity stake and control in our Company after the Offer and their interests may differ from those of the other shareholders_** 

As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoter and Promoter Group together hold 59.79% (including nominee shareholding) of our pre-Offer Equity Share capital. For further details, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” page 55. Following the completion of the Offer, our Promoter and Promoter Group, shall continue to hold a majority of our Company’s post-Offer Equity Share capital. This concentration of ownership could limit your ability to influence corporate matters requiring shareholders’ approval. Our Promoter and Promoter Group will have the ability to significantly influence matters requiring shareholders’ approval, including the ability to appoint Directors on our Board and the right to approve significant actions at Board and at shareholders’ meetings, including the issuance of Equity Shares and dividend payments, business plans, mergers and acquisitions, any consolidation or joint venture arrangements, any amendment to our Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association. In addition, if our shareholders do not act together, such matters requiring shareholders’ approval may be delayed or may not occur at all, which could adversely affect our business. Moreover, these shareholders are not obligated to provide any business opportunities to us. If such other shareholders invest in another company in competition with us, we may lose the support provided to us by them, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. While efforts shall be made to resolve any conflict of interests between our existing shareholders with other shareholders or our Company, we cannot assure you that such conflicts of interest will not arise or be resolved. Any such conflict may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy or to operate our business. 

# **_33. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future._** 

We have entered into various transactions with related parties, such as for rental of properties, purchase of consumables, sale of services, loans incurred and laboratory services to Park Health. For further details of the laboratory services to Park Health, see “ _Our Group Companies - Business interest of our Group Companies in our Company_ ” on page 158. While we have encountered delay in certain payments from Park Health, we did not face any difficulties in payment collections and we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis and contain commercially reasonable terms, which are in the interest of the Company and its minority shareholders and in compliance with the Listing Regulations and will continue to adhere to these aforementioned standards in the future, we cannot assure you that we could not have achieved more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. It is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. For details on our related party transactions, see “ _Financial Statements – Annexure VII – Note 45_ ” on page 207. While we have in the past written-off trade receivables from one of our subsidiaries, Medinova Diagnostic Services Limited of an amount of ₹18.90 million for Fiscal 2017, and made investments and loans to other loss making subsidiaries, we cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, even if entered into at arm’s length terms will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **_34. Certain of our Promoter, members of Promoter Group, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel have interests in our Company in addition to their normal remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses incurred._** 

Certain of our Promoter, members of Promoter Group, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel have interests in our Company that are in addition to reimbursement of expenses and normal remuneration payable to them. Our Promoter, Directors and Key Managerial Personnel may be deemed to be interested to the extent of Equity Shares held by them, as well as to the extent of any dividends, bonuses or other distributions on such Equity Shares. Further, as of June 30 2021, 16 diagnostic centres were leased by our Promoter, Promoter Group, certain members of Promoter Group, certain of our Directors and one Key Managerial Personnel of our Company and they are interested in certain lease agreements entered into by the Company. Such diagnostic centres include premises located at (i) Himayatnagar, Kukatpally, Dilsuknagar (all of which are located in Hyderabad), which are co-owned by our Promoter, S. Geeta Reddy, Sura Suprita Reddy and Sunil Chandra Kondapally; (ii) Chandanagar, Hyderabad Kurnool, Bakaram, Hyderabad Santosh Nagar, Hyderabad and Madina, Hyderabad which are owned by our Promoter; (iii) Habsiguda and Safilguda (both in Hyderabad) which are co-owned by our Promoter and S Geeta Reddy; (iv) Vizag which is co-owned by our Promoter, S. Geeta Reddy, Sura Supritta Reddy, Sunil Chandra Kondapally and Vishnu Priya; (v) Gurgaon which is co-owned by our Promoter, S. Geeta Reddy and Sunil Chandra Kondapally; (vi) Ameerpet, Hyderabad which is co-owned by our Promoter, S. Geeta Reddy and Sura Suprita Reddy; (vii) AS Rao Nagar which is co-owned by S. Geeta Reddy and Sura Suprita Reddy; (viii) Vijayanagar, Hyderabad which is co-owned by S. Geeta Reddy, Sura Suprita Reddy and Sunil Chandra Kondapally; and (xi) Karimnagar is owned by S. Geeta Reddy. These lease agreements are valid as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus and the term of these lease agreements typically range from seven to 15 years. The rent paid to them accounted for 2.17%, 2.11%, 2.50% and 2.60% of our total revenue from operations for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and the financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. While we believe that our Promoter, Directors and our Key Management Personnel shall exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of the Company, there can be no assurance our Promoter, Directors and our Key Management Personnel shall do so. For further details of such interests, see “ _Our Management_ ” and “ _Financial Statements_ ” on pages 138 and 161, respectively. For further details of our Promoter, see “ _Our Promoter and Promotor Group - Interests of our Promoter_ ” and “ _Our Promoter and Promotor Group - Payment or benefits to our Promoter or our Promoter Group_ ” on page 154. 

33 

**_35. Certain information in this Red Herring Prospectus is based on our internal classification methodologies, which may change and which may or may not be consistent with companies operating in our industry, and hence we cannot assure you of the completeness or the accuracy of such data._** 

Certain statements contained in this Red Herring Prospectus, such as the categorisation of our customers and revenues generated from our individual consumer business and our institutional business is based on our internal classification methodologies and the way we operate our business. For example, our individual consumer business customers comprise of: (i) customers who visit our diagnostic centres and avail our services as per our price list; (ii) customers whose samples are collected at their residence and processed by us; (iii) customers who avail our services basis discretionary discounts provided by us as part of our various marketing and other initiatives; and (iv) customers who are employees of Government companies or are covered under Government initiatives or are beneficiaries of life / health insurance policies and choose to undergo tests at our diagnostic centres. For further details, see “ _Our Business - Description of Our Business - Our Customers_ ” on page 119. There may be variation in the manner in which we and other companies operating in our industry categorise customers. Depending on our assessment and focus from time to time, this mix may change and there is no assurance that we will continue to see a substantial part of our business as being individual consumer business. In the future, we may have to focus more on our institutional business, which may result in the reduction of the proportion of our individual consumer business to our total business, and subject us to competitive pricing, increased discounts and reduced margins, which in turn may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_36. We have a contingent liability that has not been provided for in our financial statements, which, if it materialises, may adversely affect our results of operations._** 

The following table sets forth certain information relating to our contingent liability, which has not been provided for, as of June 30, 2021: 

|**Particulars**|**Amount (₹ in million)**|
|---|---|
|Demandfor ProvidentFundforthe year 1998-2001|0.56|
|**Total**|**0.56**|



If this liability materialises, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. For further details, see “ _Financial Statements – Annexure VII – Note 38_ ” on page 203. Our Company has not made provisions for the above contingent liabilities, as they are either probable obligations whose existence will be confirmed only by future uncertain events outside the control of our Company, or are present obligations where the outflow of economic resources may not be probable or cannot be measured reliably. 

# **37.** **_We have incurred other expenses including but not limited to legal and professional expenses._** 

We have incurred other expenses for the three months ended June 30, 2021 and the financial years 2021, 2020 and 2019 in the amount of ₹286.00 million, ₹962.39 million, ₹998.93 million and ₹901.09 million, respectively, which mainly consist of legal and professional fees in the amount of ₹145.09 million, ₹462.01 million, ₹507.03 million and ₹454.43 million during the same period/ year. The other expenses and legal and professional fees are not fixed in nature. We cannot provide assurance that these other expenses and such legal and professional fees will not be increased in the future and may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_38. One of our Subsidiaries, MDSL and one of our Group Companies, PHSPL, has delayed in depositing its undisputed statutory dues_** 

One of our Group Companies, PHSPL, has delayed in depositing undisputed statutory dues such as tax deducted at source, provident fund, ESI dues, PT dues, sales tax, professional tax and tax deducted at source for contractors and interest for the financial years ended March 31, 2018, 2019 and 2020. For further details, see “ _Our Group Companies – Park Health Systems Private Limited_ ” on page 156. Further, our subsidiary, MDSL, has delayed in making certain interest and penalty payments under the Customs Act, 1962 and Income Tax, Act, 1961. For details, see " _Financial Statements - Annexure VI_ " on page 171. 

# **_39. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements and capital expenditure. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. Additionally, our ability to pay dividends may also be restricted by the terms of financing arrangements that we may enter into. Dividends distributed by us will attract dividend distribution tax at rates applicable from time to time. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. For further details, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 160. 

34 

**External Risk Factors** 

# **_Risks relating to India_** 

# **_40. Political, economic or other factors that are beyond our control may have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations._** 

The Indian economy and capital markets are influenced by economic, political and market conditions in India and globally. Adverse economic developments, such as rising fiscal or trade deficit, in other emerging market countries may also affect investor confidence and cause increased volatility in Indian securities markets and indirectly affect the Indian economy in general. Our Company is incorporated in India, and our assets and employees are all located in India. As a result, we are dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India and our results of operations are affected by factors influencing the Indian economy. Further, the following external risks may have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations, should any of them materialise. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the price of the Equity Shares: 

- increase in interest rates may adversely affect our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs, if any, which may constrain our ability to grow our business and operate profitably; 

- downgrade of India’s sovereign debt rating by an independent agency; 

- political instability, resulting from a change in governmental or economic and fiscal policies, may adversely affect economic conditions in India; 

- strikes, lock-outs, work stoppages or increased wage demands by employees, suppliers or other service providers; 

- civil unrest, acts of violence, terrorist attacks, regional conflicts or situations or war; 

- fires and/or severe weather, which can result in damage to our property or inventory and generally reduce our productivity and may require us to evacuate personnel and suspend operations. 

- India has experienced epidemics and natural calamities such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, and drought in recent years; 

- financial instability and turmoil in other countries; and 

- contagious diseases such as the COVID-19 pandemic, the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine. A worsening of the current COVID-19 pandemic or any similar future outbreaks of COVID-19, avian or swine influenza or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region. 

We are dependent on domestic and regional economic and market conditions. Our performance, growth and market price of our Equity Shares are and will be dependent to a large extent on the health of the economy in which we operate. Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. Our performance and the growth of our business depend on the overall performance of the Indian economy as well as the economies of the regional markets in which we operate. 

**_41. Our operations may be adversely affected by the effects of health pandemics, civil disturbances, social unrest, hostilities or acts of terrorism, natural disasters such as extreme weather events and other criminal activities._** 

Certain events that are beyond our control, such as health pandemics, terrorist attacks, natural calamities and other acts of violence or war, may adversely affect worldwide financial and Indian markets, and could potentially lead to a severe economic recession, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and more generally, any of these events could lower confidence in India’s economy. 

India has experienced social unrest in some parts of the country. If such tensions occur in other parts of the country leading to overall political and economic instability, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and the trading price of our Equity Shares. India has also experienced natural calamities such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods and droughts in the past. Instances of floods or other natural calamities could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and the trading price of our Equity Shares. Such events may result in a temporary decline in the number of patients who seek clinical testing services or in our employees’ ability to perform their duties. In addition, such events may temporarily interrupt our ability to transport specimens, to receive materials from our suppliers or otherwise to provide our services. 

35 

# **_42. Changing laws, rules and regulations and legal uncertainties, including any adverse application of tax laws and regulations across the multiple states we operate in, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows_** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and subject to change. Such changes, including the instances mentioned below, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects, to the extent that we are unable to suitably respond to and comply with any such changes in applicable law and policy. For example: 

- the Government of India has implemented a comprehensive national GST regime that combines taxes and levies by the Central and State Governments into a unified rate structure. In this regard, the Constitution (One hundred and first Amendment) Act, 2016 enables the Government of India and state governments to introduce GST. Any future increases or amendments may adversely affect the overall tax efficiency of companies operating in India and may result in significant additional taxes becoming payable. If, as a result of a particular tax risk materializing, the tax costs associated with certain transactions become greater than anticipated, it could affect the profitability of such transactions; and 

- the Finance Act, 2021 has introduced various amendments having an impact across various sectors including the sector in which we operate. For further details in relation to the risks relating to the Finance Act, 2021, see “ _- Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of Equity Shares”_ on page 39. 

Unfavourable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new, laws, rules and regulations including foreign investment and stamp duty laws governing our business and operations could result in us being deemed to be in contravention of such laws and may require us to apply for additional approvals. For instance, the Supreme Court of India has in a decision clarified the components of basic wages which need to be considered by companies while making provident fund payments, which resulted in an increase in the provident fund payments to be made by companies. Any such decisions in future or any further changes in interpretation of laws may have an impact on our results of operations. We may incur increased costs and other burdens relating to compliance with such new requirements, which may also require significant management time and other resources, and any failure to comply may adversely affect our business, results of operations and prospects. Uncertainty in the application, interpretation or implementation of any amendment to, or change in, governing law, regulation or policy, including by reason of an absence, or a limited body, of administrative or judicial precedent may be time consuming as well as costly for us to resolve and may impact the viability of our current business or restrict our ability to grow our businesses in the future. 

# **_43. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us, our Directors, the Book Running Lead Managers or any of their directors and executive officers in India respectively, except by way of a law suit in India_** 

Our Company is incorporated under the laws of India. Our Company’s assets are located in India and all of our Company’s Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are residents of India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce against them judgments obtained in courts outside India. Moreover, it is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India or that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if it viewed the amount of damages as excessive or inconsistent with Indian public policy or if judgments are in breach or contrary to Indian law. 

Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 and Section 44A of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (“ **CPC** ”). India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with a limited number of jurisdictions, which includes, the United Kingdom, Singapore, United Arab Emirates and Hong Kong. A judgment from certain specified courts located in a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements of the CPC. The United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in a non-reciprocating territory, such as the United States, for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws, including securities laws of the non-reciprocating territory, including United States, would not be enforceable in India under the CPC as a decree of an Indian court. 

The United Kingdom, Singapore, United Arab Emirates and Hong Kong have been declared by the Government of India to be reciprocating territories for purposes of Section 44A of the Civil Code. Section 13 of the Civil Code provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated upon between the same parties or parties litigating under the same title, except (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case, (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or refusal to recognise the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable, (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice, (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud or (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the Civil Code, a court in India shall, on the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. The CPC only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India 

36 

cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Even if an investor obtained a judgment in such a jurisdiction against us, our officers or directors, it may be required to institute a new proceeding in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. 

However, the party in whose favour such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States or other such jurisdiction within three years of obtaining such final judgment. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain the prior approval of the RBI to repatriate any amount recovered. 

# **_44. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Foreign ownership of Indian securities is subject to Government regulation. Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions), if they comply with the pricing and reporting requirements specified under applicable laws. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and does not fall under any of the exceptions specified under such applicable laws, then prior regulatory or government approval is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. As provided in the foreign exchange controls currently in effect in India, the RBI has provided that the price at which the Equity Shares are transferred be calculated in accordance with internationally accepted pricing methodology for the valuation of shares at an arm’s length basis, and a higher (or lower, as applicable) price per share may not be permitted. Further, in accordance with Press Note No. 3 (2020 Series), dated April 17, 2020 issued by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade and the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Amendment Rules, 2020 which came into effect from April 22, 2020, any investment, subscription, purchase or sale of equity instruments by entities of a country which shares a land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country, will require prior approval of the Government of India, as prescribed in the Consolidated FDI Policy and the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-Debt Instrument) Rules, 2019. These investment restrictions shall also apply to subscribers of offshore derivative instruments. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular term or at all. For further details, see “ _Restrictions on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities_ ” on page 285. 

# **_45. Rights of shareholders under Indian laws may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions_** 

Indian legal principles related to corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights including in relation to class actions, under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholder of a corporation in another jurisdiction. 

**_46. A slowdown in economic growth in India or political instability or changes in the Government in India could adversely affect our business._** 

Our performance and the growth of our business are necessarily dependent on the health of the overall Indian economy. In the recent past, Indian economy has been affected by global economic uncertainties and liquidity crisis, domestic policy and political environment, volatility in interest rates, currency exchange rates, commodity and electricity prices, adverse conditions affecting agriculture, rising inflation rates and various other factors. Risk management initiatives by banks and lenders in such circumstances could affect the availability of funds in the future or the withdrawal of our existing credit facilities. The Indian economy is undergoing many changes and it is difficult to predict the impact of certain fundamental economic changes on our business. Conditions outside India, such as a slowdown or recession in the economic growth of other major countries, have an impact on the growth of the Indian economy. Additionally, an increase in trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and the trading price of our Equity Shares. Volatility, negativity, or uncertain economic conditions could undermine the business confidence and could have a significant impact on our results of operations. Changing demand patterns from economic volatility and uncertainty could have a significant negative impact on our results of operations. 

# **_47. Any adverse change in India’s sovereign credit rating by an international rating agency could adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows._** 

Our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating decreased from Baa2 with a “negative” outlook to Baa3 with a “negative” outlook by Moody’s and from BBB with a “stable” outlook to BBB with a “negative” outlook (Fitch) in June 2020; and from BBB “stable” to BBB “negative” by DBRS in May 2020. India’s sovereign ratings from S&P is BBB-with a “stable” outlook. Any such adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise debt financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favourable terms and consequently adversely affect our 

37 

business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_Risks relating to the Equity Shares and the Offer_** 

# **_48. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer._** 

The Offer Price of the Equity Shares shall be determined by our Company and the Selling Shareholders in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers, and through the Book Building Process. This price would be based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 71 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Offer, and may decline below the Offer Price. We cannot assure you that you will be able to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

**_49. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop._** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares shall be determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

**_50. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Equity Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the U.S. dollar has fluctuated in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

# **_51. You may not be able to immediately sell any of the Equity Shares you subscribe to in this Offer on an Indian Stock Exchange._** 

In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing of the Equity Shares will not be granted till the Equity Shares in this Offer have been issued and allotted and all relevant documents are submitted to the Stock Exchanges. Further, certain actions must be completed prior to the commencement of listing and trading of the Equity Shares such as the demat accounts of the Investors are expected to be credited within three Working Days of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is finalised with the Designated Stock Exchange. In addition, upon receipt of listing and trading approval from the Stock Exchanges, trading of Equity Shares is expected to commence within six Working Days from Bid/ Offer Closing Date. However, we cannot assure you that the trading in the Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approvals would restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. 

# **_52. There is no assurance that our Equity Shares will remain listed on the stock exchange._** 

Although it is currently intended that the Equity Shares will remain listed on the Stock Exchanges, there is no guarantee of the continued listing of the Equity Shares. Among other factors, we may not continue to satisfy the listing requirements of the Stock Exchanges. Accordingly, Shareholders will not be able to sell their Equity Shares through trading on the Stock Exchanges if the Equity Shares are no longer listed on the Stock Exchange. 

# **_53. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity-linked securities by us may dilute your shareholding and adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Any future issuance of the Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us, including through exercise of employee stock options may dilute your shareholding in our Company, adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issue of our securities. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. We cannot assure you that we will not issue additional Equity Shares or convertible securities or other equity-linked securities. 

38 

# **_54. Holders of Equity Shares may be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position._** 

A public company incorporated in India must offer its equity shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of equity shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the equity shares voting on such resolution. 

However, if the law of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without our filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights, unless we make such a filing. If we elect not to file a registration statement, the new securities may be issued to a custodian, who may sell the securities for your benefit. The value such custodian receives on the sale of any such securities and the related transaction costs cannot be predicted. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of our Equity Shares, your proportional interests in our Company would be diluted. 

# **_55. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. The Income Tax Act levies taxes on such long-term capital gains exceeding ₹100,000 arising from sale of equity shares on or after April 1, 2018, while continuing to exempt the unrealised capital gains earned up to January 31, 2018 on such equity shares subject to specific conditions. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of longterm capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of a securities transaction tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months. STT will be levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. 

Further, any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where the exemption from taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

The Finance Act, 2019, had clarified that in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the buyer shall be liable to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges, and the transferor shall be liable to pay stamp duty in case of transfer for consideration through a depository. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non-delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. These provisions have been notified with effect from July 1, 2020. The Government of India had announced the union budget for financial year 2022 and the Finance Act, 2021 received assent from the President of India on March 28, 2021 and was made effective from April 1, 2021. There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2021 may have on our business and operations or in the industry we operate in. 

# **_56. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. RIBs can revise or withdraw their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period. While our Company is required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of our Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed and the Allotment pursuant to the Offer within such period as may be prescribed under applicable law, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

# **_57. Government regulation of foreign ownership of Indian securities may have an adverse effect on the price of our Equity Shares._** 

Foreign ownership of Indian securities is subject to Government regulation. In accordance with foreign exchange regulations currently in effect in India, under certain circumstances RBI must approve the sale of the Equity Shares from a non-resident of India to a resident of India or vice-versa if the sale does not meet certain requirements specified by RBI. Additionally, any person who seeks to convert the Rupee proceeds from any such sale into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India is required to obtain a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. As provided in the foreign exchange controls currently in effect in India, RBI has provided that the price at which the Equity Shares are transferred be calculated in accordance with internationally accepted pricing methodology for the valuation of shares at an arm’s length basis, and a higher (or lower, as applicable) price per share may not be permitted. We cannot assure investors that any required approval from RBI or any other government agency can be obtained on terms favourable to a non-resident investor 

39 

in a timely manner or at all. Because of possible delays in obtaining requisite approvals, investors in the Equity Shares may be prevented from realising gains during periods of price increase or limiting losses during periods of price decline. 

# **_58. Our ability to raise foreign capital may be constrained by Indian Law._** 

As a company registered in India, we are subject to exchange controls that regulate borrowing in foreign currencies. Such regulatory restrictions limit our financing sources and could constrain our ability to obtain financings on competitive terms and refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, we cannot assure you that any required regulatory approvals for borrowing in foreign currencies will be granted to us without onerous conditions, or at all. Limitations on foreign debt may have an adverse effect on our business growth, results of operations and financial condition. 

40 

