# **SECTION II – RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider all the information in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described below are not the only ones relevant to us or our Equity Shares, but also to the industry in which we operate or to India. Additional risks and uncertainties, not currently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may also adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If any of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are not currently deemed material, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, the price of our Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Our Business” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 110 and 280, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and our business and the terms of the Issue including the merits and risks involved. Potential investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Issue. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factors below, we are unable to quantify the financial or other impact of any of the risks described in this section._ 

_This Draft Red Herring Prospectus also contains certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forwardlooking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 14._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information included herein is based on our Restated Standalone Financial Information for Fiscal 2016 and Restated Consolidated Financial Information for Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2018, included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. For further information, see “Financial Information” beginning on page 150. Unless the context otherwise requires, in this section, references to “we”, “us”, “our”, or “Company” refers to Xelpmoc Design & Tech Limited on a standalone basis in Fiscal 2016 and on a consolidated basis in Fiscal 2017 and Fiscal 2018. We have, in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, included various operational and financial performance indicators, some of which may not be derived from our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements and may not have been subjected to an audit or review by our Statutory Auditor. The manner in which such operational and financial performance indicators are calculated and presented, and the assumptions and estimates used in such calculation, may vary from that used by other companies in India and other jurisdictions. Investors are accordingly cautioned against placing undue reliance on such information in making an investment decision and should consult their own advisors and evaluate such information in the context of the Restated Consolidated Financial Statements and other information relating to our business and operations included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus._ 

**_1. We are dependent on our ability to develop new services and products, and enhance our existing services and products. If our products and services do not gain market acceptance, our operating results may be negatively affected._** 

Rapid technological advances, changing delivery models and evolving standards in software development and communications infrastructure, changing and increasingly sophisticated customer needs and frequent new product introductions and enhancements characterise the industry in which we operate. Digitization is driving major changes in the global business software market, with IT leaders looking to adopt new technologies and software platforms to meet business needs, including revenue growth driven through new products and services, better customer experience and delivery mechanisms, and growth in revenue and profits. Our success depends upon our ability to anticipate, design, develop, test, market, license and support new software products, services, and enhancements of current products and services in response to evolving industry requirements. 

To effectively meet customer demand, it is important that we continue to enhance our products and service offerings. We have developed progressive web apps and data services. The markets for our offerings are rapidly evolving due to which the level of acceptance of such products and services is not certain. 

The software industry is increasingly focused on cloud computing, mobility, social media and platform as a service among other continually evolving trends. In addition, our products, services, and enhancements must remain 

16 

compatible with standard platforms and file formats. Often, we must integrate software licensed or acquired from third parties with our proprietary software to create or improve our products. If we are unable to successfully integrate third party software to develop new software products, services, and enhancements to existing products and services, or to complete the development of new products and services which we license or acquire from third parties, our operating results will materially suffer. 

If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance our product offerings and support services in a timely manner or position and price our products and services to meet demand including in response to new industry standards, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our software products or cloud offerings or renew software support or cloud subscription contracts. Renewals of these contracts are important to the growth of our business. 

If the markets for our services fail to develop, develop slower than expected or experience increased competition, our business may suffer. As a result, we may be unable to successfully market our existing services and products, develop and successfully launch new products and services and enhancements to existing products and services, complete customer implementations on a timely basis, or complete products and services currently under development. If our services are not accepted by our customers or by associated businesses in our target verticals and markets, our business, operating results and financial condition will be materially adversely affected. 

**_2. The business practices of our customers with respect to the collection, use and management of personal information could give rise to operational interruption, liabilities or reputational harm as a result of governmental regulation, legal requirements or industry standards relating to consumer privacy and data protection._** 

As regulatory focus on privacy issues continues to increase and global laws and regulations concerning the handling of personal information expand and become more complex, potential risks related to data collection and use within our and our customers' business will intensify. In addition, many governments have enacted or are considering enacting legislation or regulations, or may in the near future interpret existing legislation or regulations, in a manner that could significantly impact our ability and that of our customers and data partners to collect, augment, analyse, use, transfer and share personal and other information that is integral to certain services we provide. This could be true particularly in those jurisdictions where privacy laws or regulators take a broader view of how personal information is defined, therefore subjecting the handling of such data to heightened restrictions that may be obstructive to our operations of that of our customers and data providers. For instance, Directive 95/46/EC or the Data Protection Directive in the European Union has been replaced by the European General Data Protection Regulation in May 2018, which imposes additional obligations and risks upon our business with respect to processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data. 

We may expand our operations to countries which have passed or are considering passing legislation that requires data to remain localised “in country,” as this imposes financial costs on any service provider that is required to store data in jurisdictions not of its choosing and non-standard operational processes that are difficult and costly to integrate with global processes. Changes in laws or regulations associated with the enhanced protection of certain types of sensitive data could greatly increase our cost of providing our products and services or even prevent us from offering certain of our products and services in jurisdictions that we operate. 

Regulators globally are also imposing greater monetary fines for privacy violations and some regulators may pass legislation that would impose fines for privacy violations based on a percentage of global revenues. Responding to an investigation or enforcement action could divert attention and resources of our management, which would cause us to incur investigation, compliance and defence costs and other professional fees, and adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 

Any systems failure or security breach or lapse on our part or on the part of our employees and other ecosystem participants that results in the release of user data could harm our reputation and brand and, consequently, our business, in addition to exposing us to potential legal liability. Any such legal proceedings or actions may subject us to significant penalties and negative publicity, require us to change our business practices, increase our costs and severely disrupt our business. 

Additionally, public perception and standards related to the privacy of personal information can shift rapidly, in ways that may affect our business operations or influence regulators to enact regulations and laws that may limit our 

17 

ability to provide certain products and services. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with Indian or foreign laws and regulations, including laws and regulations regulating privacy, data security, or consumer protection, or other policies, public perception, standards, self-regulatory requirements or legal obligations, could result in lost or restricted business, proceedings, actions or fines brought against us or levied by governmental entities or could adversely affect our business and our reputation. 

Further, the costs of compliance with, and other conditions imposed by laws, regulations and policies that are applicable to the businesses of our customers may limit the use and adoption of, and reduce the overall demand for, our products and services. Privacy and personal information security concerns may inhibit market adoption of our products and services, particularly in certain industries and foreign countries. Any such changes in the laws of any of the markets in which we operate or intend to in the future may adversely affect our results of operations and business prospects. 

**_3. Interruptions or performance problems associated with our technology and infrastructure may harm our business and results of operations._** 

Our continued growth depends in part on the ability of our existing and potential customers to access our solutions at any time. Although there have not been instances in the past where interruptions or problems with our technology and infrastructure have caused performance issues, we may in future experience disruptions, data loss, outages and other performance problems with our technology infrastructure due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, introductions of new functionality, human or software errors, capacity constraints, denial of service attacks or other security-related incidents. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within an acceptable period of time. It may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve our performance, especially during peak usage times and as our products and websites of our customers become more complex and user traffic increases. If our products and websites of our customers are unavailable or if users of such products and websites are unable to access products and websites within a reasonable amount of time, or at all, our business would also be harmed. Any disruptions in these services, including as a result of actions outside of our control, would significantly impact the continued performance of our products. Any loss of the right to use any of these services could result in decreased functionality of our products until equivalent technology is either developed by us or, if available from another provider, is identified, obtained and integrated into our infrastructure. To the extent that we do not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade our systems as needed, and continually develop our technology and network architecture to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. 

**_4. The length of our sales cycle may fluctuate significantly and depends on several external factors which may result in significant fluctuations in our revenues._** 

A customer's decision to purchase our services or products often involves a comprehensive implementation process across the customer’s network(s) which includes customer education, evaluation by a number of employees in our customers’ organisations and, often, a significant strategic or operational decision by our customers. Our sales efforts involve educating our customers about the use and benefits of our products and solutions, including any potential cost savings achievable by organisations that partner with us. 

Customers typically undertake a significantly long evaluation process which also involves evaluation of our competitors’ services and can result in a lengthy sales cycle. Moreover, a purchase decision by a potential customer typically requires extended evaluation, testing and the approval of senior decision makers, including the boards of directors of our customers. We spend substantial time, effort and money on our sales efforts without any assurance that our efforts will produce any sales. Additionally, licensing and implementing our products and any related services may entail a significant commitment of resources by prospective customers, accompanied by the risks and delays frequently associated with significant technology implementation projects. Such delays and fluctuations could cause our revenues and results of operation to fluctuate significantly across time periods, and we may not be able to adjust our costs quickly enough to offset such lower revenues, potentially adversely impacting our business, operating results and financial condition. 

**_5. The Promoter Group of our Company does not include Digamber Koora, brother of Srinivas Koora, our individual Promoter, or any entity in which Digamber Koora may have an interest._** 

18 

The Promoter Group of our Company does not include Digamber Koora, brother of Srinivas Koora, our individual Promoter, or any entity in which Digamber Koora may have an interest. Our Promoter, Srinivas Koora has disassociated himself from Digamber Koora. However, there are no formal disassociation arrangements between Srinivas Koora and Digamber Koora. Further to the disassociation, Digamber Koora and any entity in which Digamber Koora may have an interest are not included in the Promoter Group of our Company since Digamber Koora has not provided any information pertaining to himself or an entity in which they may have an interest. For further information, see “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” on page 143. 

**_6. Our business and results of operations are dependent on the contracts that we enter into with our customers. Any breach of the conditions under these contracts may adversely affect our business and results of operations._** 

We have entered into contracts/ master service agreements with our customers which, depending on the customer, may contain terms and conditions which typically include: (i) the nature and specification of services to be provided by us, (ii) customisation and integration of the software with our customers' pre-existing systems, (iii) manner of inspection, testing and acceptance of software provided by us, (iv) assignment of the work and non – compete (v) representations, warranties and disclaimers made by us in relation to the services provided by us, (vi) delays, corrective steps and damages, (viii) undertakings in relation to protection of intellectual property of our customers, (ix) indemnification of our customers due to our negligence or breach of any term of the agreement, and (x) limitation of liability. 

At times, we may have to agree with certain onerous terms laid down by our customers. Our customers may require us to furnish a service guarantee pursuant to the issuance of a statement of work. For instance, some of our customers are also entitled to terminate their contracts with us unilaterally, and in most cases, without cause and by providing a notice. Further, certain customers prohibit us from deploying any employees, agents or subcontractors to provide services to competitors of our existing customers. These onerous terms may affect our future growth and expansion of our customer base. 

In addition, our agreements with customers and other third parties include indemnification or other provisions under which we agree to indemnify or otherwise be liable to them for losses suffered or incurred as a result of claims of intellectual property infringement, or any default, breach or omission by us in relation to the agreements. The term of these contractual provisions often survives termination or expiration of the applicable agreement. Large indemnity payments or damage claims from contractual breach could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Although we normally contractually limit our liability with respect to such obligations, we may still incur substantial liability related to them. Any dispute with a customer with respect to such obligations could have adverse effects on our relationship with that customer and other current and prospective customers, reduce demand for our products, damage our reputation and harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

While we internally consider all such factors prior to entering into these contracts, we cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to enter into similar such contracts in the future, which are not more onerous than the contracts we enter into currently. Additionally, non-compliance with the terms of our contracts, including breach of confidentiality provisions, may subject us to damages or penalties, lead to termination of the contracts and also result in us being unable to attract further business in the future. 

**_7. We may become liable to our customers and lose customers if we have defects or disruptions in our service or if we provide poor service. We may also be liable in the event of misuse of our services or platforms._** 

We deliver technology as a service, and errors or defects in the software applications underlying our services, or a failure of our hosting infrastructure, may make our services unavailable to our customers. Majority of our contracts or master service agreements involve projects that are critical to the operations of our clients’ businesses. Any failure in a client’s system and any direct damages, expenses, costs, obligations could result in a claim for substantial damages against us, regardless of our responsibility for such failure. Any errors, defects, disruptions in service or other performance problems with our services, whether in connection with the day-to-day operation of our services, upgrades or otherwise, could damage our customers’ businesses. 

If we have any errors, defects, disruptions in service or other performance problems with our services, our customers could elect not to renew our contract, or delay or withhold payments to us and we could lose future sales. Further, 

19 

our customers may make claims against us, which could result in an increase in our provision for doubtful accounts, an increase in collection cycles for accounts receivable or litigation costs. We may in the future experience, misuse of our services or platforms. The occurrence of any such events in the future could lead to user dissatisfaction and discourage the use of our products and services. Such events may also give rise to complaints and actions against us. All these factors could adversely affect our business and results of operation. 

**_8. We have a limited operating and financial history, which makes it difficult to accurately assess our future growth prospects. Further, our restated financial statements for Fiscal 2016 (September 16, 2015 to March 31, 2016) and Fiscal 2017 (12 months ended March 31, 2017) are not comparable due to our Company’s formation in September 2015._** 

Our Company was incorporated on September 16, 2015 and commenced operations in Fiscal 2016. For further information, see _“History and Certain Corporate Matters”_ on page 122. Consequently, our financial statements, including the details of our profit and loss account, as set out in the section “ _Financial Statements_ ” on page 150, are available only from Fiscal 2016. As such, we have a very limited operating history, and our success is dependent on our ability to effectively implement our businesses. Our limited financial and operating history may not provide an accurate basis for investors to understand our business and financial history for comparative analysis and evaluate our future business and financial prospects. In addition, our results of operations for Fiscal 2016 include the period beginning from September 16, 2015 to March 31, 2016 and is therefore, not comparable to our results of operations for Fiscal 2017. Further, until Fiscal 2016, our Company did not have any subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, and no consolidated financial statements were prepared. In Fiscal 2017, we acquired 25.00% of the shareholding in IFTOSI Jewels Private Limited which was considered as an associate for the purpose of preparing the Restated Consolidated Financial Statements for Fiscal 2017. Accordingly, our results of operations in Fiscal 2016 are not comparable to that in Fiscal 2017 not only due to the difference in the length of the fiscal period but also since our consolidated results of operations in Fiscal 2017 includes the consolidated results of operations of IFTOSI Jewels Private Limited with effect from the relevant acquisition date. Therefore, our Restated Consolidated Financial Statements relating to such fiscal periods are not comparable to each other. 

Assessing the future prospects of our business is challenging in light of both known and unknown risks and difficulties we may encounter, and could place significant demands on the management team and our other resources. We will be subject to all the business risks and uncertainties associated with setting up any new business venture, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

**_9. Our work with government departments and agencies expose us to business volatility and risks, including government budgeting cycles and appropriations._** 

Historically, we have derived some of our revenues from contracts with the central and state governments of India and their respective agencies and public sector undertakings (“PSUs”). Typically government / PSU contracts are subject to several approvals to fund the expenditures under these contracts. We are exposed to business volatility and risks associated with government business including termination of contracts, delayed payments, expropriations, suspension of business and debarment from future government business, without in many cases the possibility of effective legal or financial recourse. Further, agreements with government departments and agencies or PSUs are typically in relation to a specified set of requirements and deliverables and may not be renewed. Finally, sales to government departments and agencies may involve longer payment cycles which may increase our trade receivables and average debtor days. If our sales to government departments and agencies fall in the future, our results of operations may be adversely affected. 

# **_10. We may be sued by third parties for alleged infringement or misappropriation of their proprietary rights._** 

There is considerable intellectual property development activity in our industry. Our future success depends in part on not infringing upon or misappropriating the intellectual property rights of others. Our competitors or other third parties may claim that we are infringing upon or misappropriating their intellectual property rights, and we may be found to be infringing upon or misappropriating such rights. We may be unaware of the intellectual property rights of others that may cover some or all of our technology, or technology that we obtain from third parties. Any claims or litigation could cause us to incur significant expenses and, if successfully asserted against us, could require that we pay substantial damages, prevent us from offering our products or using certain technologies, require us to implement expensive work-arounds or require that we comply with other unfavourable terms. In the case of infringement or misappropriation caused by technology that we obtain from third parties, any indemnification or 

20 

other contractual protections we obtain from such third parties, if any, may be insufficient to cover the liabilities we incur as a result of such infringement or misappropriation. We may also be obligated to indemnify our customers or business partners in connection with any such claims or litigation and to obtain licenses, modify our products or refund fees, which could further exhaust our resources. In addition, we may incur substantial costs to resolve claims or litigation, whether or not successfully asserted against us, which could include payment of significant settlement, or license fees, modification of our products or refunds to customers of fees. Even if we were to prevail in the event of claims or litigation against us, any claim or litigation regarding our intellectual property could be costly and timeconsuming and divert the attention of our management and other employees from our business operations and disrupt our business. 

**_11. Our Company has made investments in other companies including in relatively newly established companies. While the investments offer the opportunity for substantial returns and capital gains, they also involve a high degree of risk that can result in substantial losses_** 

We have made investments in newly established companies in the past and may continue to make such investments in the future with parties that we believe can provide access to new markets, capabilities or assets. The acquisition and investments subject us to risks and we cannot assure that any such investments will be successful or meet our expectations. There can be no assurance that our Company will correctly evaluate the nature and magnitude of the various factors that may affect the value of such investments. If it does not, we may suffer losses, dilute value to shareholders, may not be able to take advantage of appropriate investment opportunities or complete transactions on terms commercially acceptable to us. In addition, our Company has not made any provision in the Restated Financial Statements for a decline in the value of such investments. The value of the investments may fluctuate due to variety of factors that are difficult to predict, such as domestic or international economic and political developments, which may significantly affect the value of our investments and thereby affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, newly established companies may have little or no operating history, unproven methodology, untested or newly assembled management and unknown future capital requirements. These companies often face intense competition from larger and/ or more experienced companies with much greater financial and technical resources, more marketing and service capabilities and a greater number of qualified personnel, which can give rise to operational difficulties. While we conduct due diligence exercises and evaluate the financial and business model of potential investee companies, there can be no assurance that such investee company is, and will continue to be, fully compliant with all necessary regulations. We may also fail to discover liabilities that are not properly disclosed or we may be unable to assess adequately as party of our diligence efforts liabilities that may arise out of regulatory non-compliance, contractual obligations or breaches. If we are unable to obtain indemnification protection or other contractual protections or relief for any material liabilities associated with our acquisitions or investments, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 

Further, our Company has given unsecured loans amounting to ₹ 4,692.12 thousand to certain third parties as on March 31, 2018. Unsecured loans are at higher credit risk for us because they may not be supported by realisable collateral that could help ensure an adequate source of repayment for the loan. Any failure to recover in part or all the unsecured advances given to the borrower would expose us to a potential loss, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_12. We may need to change our pricing models to compete successfully._** 

The competition we face in the sales of our products and services and general economic and business conditions as well as changes in the IT industry standards and landscape, can put pressure on us to change our pricing models. If our competitors offer deep discounts on certain products or services or develop products that the marketplace considers more valuable, we may need to lower prices or offer other favourable terms in order to compete successfully. Any such changes may reduce our sales or margins and could adversely affect our business and operating results. The increased availability and adoption of open source software may also cause us to change our pricing models in the short term as we transition to increase our presence in the cloud platform. 

Our competitors may offer lower pricing on their offerings, which could put pressure on us to further discount our products and services. Any broad-based change to our prices and pricing policies could cause our revenues to decline or be delayed as our sales force implements and our customers adjust to the new pricing policies. Some of our competitors may bundle products for promotional purposes or as a long-term pricing strategy or provide 

21 

guarantees of prices and product implementations. These practices could, over time, significantly constrain the prices that we can charge for some of our products. If we do not adapt our pricing models to reflect changes in customer use of our products or changes in customer demand, our revenues could decrease. 

**_13. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a limited number of clients. The loss of, or a significant reduction in the revenues we receive from, one or more of these clients, may adversely affect our business._** 

We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a limited number of clients. For the Fiscal 2016, 2017 and 2018, our top five clients cumulatively accounted for 100.00%, 100.00% and 88.76%, respectively, of our revenues. For the same periods, our ten largest clients accounted for 100.00%, 100.00% and 98.34%, respectively, of our revenues. Since there is significant competition for the services we provide and we are typically not an exclusive service provider to our large enterprise clients, the level of revenues from our largest clients could vary from year to year. Our largest clients typically retain us under master services agreements that do not provide for specific amounts of guaranteed business from these clients. These agreements are typically terminable by our clients with short notice and without significant penalties. We depend in large part on our ability to generate additional business from our base of existing clients. Due to the nature of services we offer, we have multi-level engagements with our clients and we perform a customized service to deliver solutions and services that are tailored to those needs. If a client is not satisfied with the nature of the outcome of the services performed by us or product developed by us, we could incur additional costs to address the situation, the profitability of that work might be impaired, and the client’s dissatisfaction with our services could damage our ability to obtain additional work from that client. 

**_14. Product development is a long, expensive and uncertain process and our current expenditure in product development may not provide a sufficient or timely return._** 

The development of our products is a costly, complex and time-consuming process, and the investment in their development often involves a long wait until a return is achieved on such an investment. We have made, and will continue to make, significant investments in product development and related product opportunities. Investments in new technology and processes are inherently speculative. Commercial success depends on many factors, including the degree of innovation of the software products and services developed and effective distribution and marketing. Such expenditure may adversely affect our operating results if they are not offset by corresponding and timely revenue increases. We must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our research and development efforts in order to maintain our competitive position. However, significant revenues from new software product and service investments may not be achieved for a number of years, or at all. Moreover, new software products and services may not be profitable, and even if they are profitable, operating margins for new software products and services may not be in line with the margins we have experienced for our existing or historical software products and services. 

Moreover, we may determine that certain products or services do not have sufficient potential to warrant the continued allocation of resources and accordingly, we may elect to terminate the development of such products. If we terminate a product in development in which we have invested significant resources, our prospects may suffer, as we will have expended resources on a project that will not provide any return on our investment and also may have missed the opportunity to have allocated those resources to potentially more productive uses. In turn, this may adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition. 

# **_15. If security measures implemented by us are compromised or if our products and services are perceived as vulnerable, our operations could be materially adversely affected._** 

Our products and services store, retrieve and manage our customers’ information and data, external data, as well as our own data. Third parties may identify and exploit product and service vulnerabilities, penetrate or bypass our security measures, and gain unauthorised access to our or our customers’, partners’ and suppliers’ software and cloud offerings, networks and systems, any of which could lead to the compromise of personal information or the confidential information or our data or that of our customers. Data may be accessed or modified improperly as a result of customer, partner, employee or supplier error or misconduct and third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce customers, partners, employees or suppliers into disclosing sensitive information such as user names, passwords or other information in order to gain access to our data, our customers’, suppliers’ or partners’ data or our IT systems, customers, suppliers or partners. 

22 

High-profile security breaches at companies have increased in recent years, and security industry experts and government officials have warned about the risks of hackers and cyber-attacks targeting IT products and businesses. These risks will increase as we continue to grow our offerings and store and process increasingly large amounts of data, including personal information and our customers’ confidential information and data and other external data, especially in customer sectors involving particularly sensitive data such as healthcare, financial services and the government. 

Further, as privacy and data protection become more sensitive issues in India, we may also become exposed to potential liabilities. For instance, under the Information Technology Act, 2000, as amended, we are subject to civil liability for wrongful loss or gain arising from any negligence by us in implementing and maintaining reasonable security practices and procedures with respect to sensitive personal data or information on our computer systems, networks, databases and software. India has also implemented privacy laws, including the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011, which impose limitations and restrictions on the collection, use and disclosure of personal information. Any systems failure or security breach or lapse on our part or on the part of our employees that results in the release of user data could harm our reputation and brand and, consequently, our business, in addition to exposing us to potential legal liability. 

We could suffer significant damage to our brand and reputation if a cyber-attack or other security incident were to allow unauthorised access to or modification of our customers’ or suppliers’ data, other external data, or our own data or our IT systems or if the services we provide to our customers were disrupted, or if our products or services are perceived as having security vulnerabilities. Customers could lose confidence in the security and reliability of our products and services, and this could lead to fewer customers using our products and services and result in reduced revenue and earnings. The costs we may incur to address and fix these security incidents would increase our expenses. These types of security incidents could also lead to breach of contracts with customers, lawsuits, regulatory investigations and claims and increased legal liability, including contractual costs related to customer notification and fraud monitoring, all of which could materially adversely affect us. 

# **_16. Our industry is highly competitive and we may not be able to compete effectively with competitors._** 

Our industry is highly fragmented and intensely competitive. Our competitors are numerous, ranging from small private firms to multi-billion dollar public companies. Contract awards are based primarily on quality of service, relevant experience, staffing capabilities, reputation, geographic presence, stability and price. In addition, the technical and professional aspects of our services generally do not require large upfront capital expenditures and provide limited barriers against new competitors. Many of our competitors have achieved greater market penetration in some of the markets in which we compete and have more personnel, technical, marketing and financial resources or financial flexibility than we do. If our competitors develop and implement methodologies that yield greater efficiency and productivity, they may be able to offer services similar to ours at lower prices without adversely affecting their profit margins. Even if our offerings address industry and client needs, our competitors may be more successful at selling their services. If we are unable to provide our clients with superior services and solutions at competitive prices or successfully market those services to current and prospective clients, our business, results of operations and financial condition may suffer. These competitive forces could force us to make price concessions or otherwise reduce prices for our services. If we are unable to maintain our competitiveness, our market share, revenue, and profits could decline. 

**_17. Investments in or acquisitions of other businesses, products or technologies could disrupt our business and we may be unable to integrate acquired businesses and technologies successfully or achieve the expected benefits of such acquisitions._** 

We have acquired stake in certain companies and plan to evaluate and consider additional strategic transactions, including acquisitions of, or investments in, businesses, technologies, services, products, and other assets in the future. We also may enter into relationships with other businesses to expand our products, which could involve preferred or exclusive licenses, additional channels of distribution, discount pricing or investments in other companies. 

Any acquisition, investment or business relationship may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. In particular, we may encounter difficulties assimilating or integrating the businesses, technologies, products, personnel or operations of the acquired companies, particularly if the key personnel of the acquired companies choose not to work for us, their software and services are not easily adapted to work with our products, 

23 

or we have difficulty retaining the customers of any acquired business due to changes in ownership, management or otherwise. Acquisitions may also disrupt our business, divert our resources and require significant management attention that would otherwise be available for development of our existing business. We may not successfully evaluate or utilize the acquired technology or personnel, or accurately forecast the financial impact of an acquisition transaction, including accounting charges. Moreover, the anticipated benefits of any acquisition, investment or business relationship may not be realized or we may be exposed to unknown risks or liabilities. 

In the future, we may not be able to find suitable acquisition candidates, and we may not be able to complete acquisitions on favorable terms, if at all. Our previous and future acquisitions may not achieve our goals, and any future acquisitions we complete could be viewed negatively by users, customers, developers or investors. 

Negotiating these transactions can be time consuming, difficult and expensive, and our ability to complete these transactions may often be subject to approvals that are beyond our control. Consequently, these transactions, even if announced, may not be completed. For one or more of those transactions, we may: 

- issue additional equity securities that would dilute our existing shareholders; 

- use cash that we may need in the future to operate our business; 

- incur large charges, expenses or substantial liabilities; 

- incur debt on terms unfavorable to us or that we are unable to repay; 

- encounter difficulties retaining key employees of the acquired company or integrating diverse software codes or business cultures; 

- statutory compliances may become a challenge given our limited knowledge of operations of the companies where we have invested; and 

- become subject to adverse tax consequences, substantial depreciation, impairment or deferred compensation charges. 

**_18. We have prepared our Restated Financial Statements under Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS”). Accounting standards under Ind AS vary from accounting standards under Indian GAAP and there can be no assurance that our financial statements prepared and presented in accordance with Ind AS will not materially or adversely vary from our historical financial statements prepared and presented under Indian GAAP, which could adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

The Ministry of Corporate Affairs, GoI pursuant to a notification dated February 16, 2015 set out the timelines for the implementation of Ind AS. Our Company is not covered by the road map prescribed by Ministry of Corporate Affairs, GoI and hence our statutory accounts are prepared in accordance with accounting standards notified under the section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013, read together with paragraph 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 (“Indian GAAP”). For the purpose of restatement, our Company has prepared financial statements as per Ind AS from the date of incorporation. Appropriate reconciliations are given for the Ind AS financial statements. 

Accordingly, our Company has prepared its restated financial statements in accordance with Ind AS with effect from the date of incorporation of our Company, September 16, 2016 (together with the restated financial statements for corresponding periods in previous years). For purposes of transition to Ind AS, we have followed the guidance prescribed under Ind AS 101 – First time adoption of Indian Accounting Standards (“Ind AS 101”) with April 1, 2016 as the transition date. For all periods up to and including Fiscal 2018, we prepared our financial statements in accordance with accounting standards notified under the section 133 of the Companies Act 2013, read together with paragraph 7 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014 (“Indian GAAP”). Ind AS varies in many respects from Indian GAAP under which our financial statements were previously prepared and presented. 

In this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, we have presented financial information for Fiscal 2016, 2017 and 2018 in accordance with Ind AS instead of Indian GAAP. Our Restated Financial Statements also include reconciliation statements of the Ind AS financial statements for Fiscal 2016, 2017 and Fiscal 2018 with our historical Indian GAAP financial statements for Fiscal 2016, 2017 and 2018 explaining the impact of transition to Ind AS on the preparation and presentation of our financial statements. For the purposes of preparing Restated Financial Statements, we have followed the same accounting policy and accounting policy choices (both mandatory exceptions and optional exemptions availed as per Ind AS 101) as initially adopted on transition date i.e., April 1, 2016. Accordingly, suitable restatement adjustments (both remeasurements and reclassifications) in the accounting heads are made to Restated Financial Statements as at March 31, 2016 and for the period ended September 16, 2015 to March 31, 2016 following 

24 

accounting policies and accounting policy choices (both mandatory exceptions and optional exemptions) consistent with that used at the date of transition to Ind AS. 

There can be no assurance that the impact of Ind AS on our future financial statements will not be more significant or that they will be comparable to the information provided in such Ind AS reconciliation information. There is not yet a significant body of established practice on which to draw informed judgments regarding its implementation and application. Additionally, Ind AS differs in certain respects from IFRS and U.S. GAAP and therefore financial statements prepared under Ind AS may be substantially different from financial statements prepared under IFRS and U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, the degree to which the financial information included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting practices. Potential investors should consult their own professional advisors for an understanding of the differences between Ind AS with IFRS and U.S. GAAP and how those differences might affect the financial information disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. There can be no assurance that our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or changes in shareholders’ equity in future will not appear materially worse under Ind AS than under Indian GAAP. The estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our financial statements in accordance with Ind AS will be based upon management’s evaluation of the relevant facts and circumstances as on the date of the relevant financial statements, and such estimates and underlying assumptions may be reviewed in the future on an ongoing basis. We may also encounter difficulties in the ongoing process of implementing and enhancing our management information systems. 

**_19. Our results of operation are dependent on the ability of companies in which we have acquired stake to grow their business._** 

As part of our business and as consideration for our services, we also acquire stake in early stage companies engaged in strategic growth sectors. As at March 31, 2018, we had non-current investments (valued at fair value through balance sheet) of ₹ 153,122.47 thousand in Fortigo Network Logistics Private Limited, ₹ 2,923.34 thousand in Gyankosh Solutions Private Limited, ₹ 15.20 thousand in IFTOSI Jewels Private Limited, ₹ 6,284.90 thousand in Ideal Insurance Brokers Private Limited ₹ 6,627.29 thousand in Inqube Innoventures Private Limited, ₹ 2,499.98 thousand in Intellibuzz TEM Private Limited ₹ 2,488.59 thousand in PHI Robotics Research Private Limited and ₹ 16,006.17 thousand in Mihup Communication Private Limited. 

The growth of our business is dependent on the ability of such companies to grow their business. We may not enter into shareholders’ agreements with the other equity partners and investors that would provide for our control of such companies through board directorships or otherwise. In such cases, the equity partners and other investors will have significant control over the ventures, which may limit our flexibility to make decisions relating to the ventures. Such investments may exhibit losses due to decisions or business processes that we have no control over or due to our lack of adequate powers to initiate remedial actions. In addition, if the share price of any of these ventures declines, the value of our investment could be adversely affected. 

**_20. Our failure to adapt to technological developments or industry trends could affect the performance and features of our products and services, and reduce our attractiveness to our customers._** 

As our operations grow in scope and size, whether through offering of new services or expansion into new markets, we must continuously improve, upgrade, adapt and expand our systems and infrastructure to offer our customers enhanced services, features and functionality ahead of rapidly evolving customer demands, while maintaining the reliability and integrity of our systems and infrastructure in a cost-efficient and competitive manner. The systems, infrastructure and technologies we currently employ may become obsolete or be unable to support our increased size and scale. Even if we are able to maintain, upgrade or replace our existing systems or innovate or customize and develop new technologies and systems, we may not be as quick or efficient as our competitors in upgrading or replacing our systems. We may be unable to devote adequate financial resources or obtain sufficient financing on commercially acceptable terms in time, or at all, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operation and financial condition. 

Further, we may also not be able to attract talent to continue with the required upgrades and improvements to our systems. Our new systems, infrastructure and technologies may not perform satisfactorily, or be used effectively and we may also fail to adapt our products and services to our increased size and scale, customer requirements or emerging trends and industry standards. Further, there is no assurance that we will be able to downsize and scale back our systems and platforms quickly and efficiently enough to reduce unnecessary costs and expenses in the 

25 

event that user demand falls below our expectations. In addition, to effectively manage our growth, we will also need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls, and our reporting systems and procedures. During the past few years, we have experienced growth in our business operations, which has placed, and will continue to place, significant demands and stress on our managerial, operational, and financial infrastructure. Our revenue from operations increased from ₹ 208.33 thousand (on a standalone basis) in Fiscal 2016 to ₹ 48,700.34 thousand in Fiscal 2018. In particular, continued growth increases the challenges involved in, amongst others, continuous training and development of skilled and competent personnel and employees and developing and improving internal administrative infrastructure. These systems, enhancements and improvements will require significant capital expenditures and management resources. Failure to implement these improvements could adversely affect our ability to manage our growth. If we do not effectively manage our growth or appropriately expand and upgrade or downsize and scale back our systems and platforms, as the case may be, in a timely manner or at a reasonable cost, or both, or at all, we may lose market opportunities or damage our attractiveness and reputation with our customers, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **_21. All Indian companies, including our Company, are subject to a new revenue recognition standard, Ind AS 115, effective April 1, 2018._** 

The Ministry of Company Affairs has vide a notification dated March 28, 2018 introduced a new model for revenue recognition under Ind AS 115 for accounting periods beginning on or after April 1, 2018. Ind AS 115 supersedes current accounting standards for revenue, including Ind AS 18, Revenue. Ind AS 115 introduces a single model for recognizing revenue from contracts with customers. This standard applies to all contracts with customers, with only some exceptions, including certain contracts accounted for under other standards. The standard requires revenue to be recognized in a manner that depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to a customer and at an amount that reflects the consideration expected to be received in exchange for transferring those goods or services. There is no assurance that the application of Ind AS 115 will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. For further information, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Recent Accounting Pronouncements and Changes in Accounting Policies_ ” of page 301. 

This Draft Red Herring Prospectus does not include any financial statements subsequent to March 31, 2018, when Ind AS 115 became applicable. Accordingly, any financial statements or information that we prepare in accordance with Ind AS 115 in the future, may not be comparable to our historical financial statements, including those included in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. Given the uncertainties relating to the interpretation and application of Ind AS 115, we are unable to provide any quantitative impact information with respect to the application of Ind AS 115. Investors should make their own assessment and seek expert advice on the potential impact of Ind AS 115 to the financial performance and reporting of companies such as us and make any investment decision based on such assessment. 

# **_22. The proper functioning of our solutions may be impaired by fraudulent or malicious activity, including nonhuman traffic._** 

It is possible that fraudulent or malicious activity, including non-human traffic, could impair the proper functioning of our solutions. For instance, the use of bots or other automated or manual mechanisms could adversely affect the performance of our services and solutions. It may be difficult to detect fraudulent or malicious activity, particularly because the perpetrators of such activity may have significant resources at their disposal, may frequently change their tactics and may become more sophisticated, requiring us to update, upgrade and improve our processes for detecting and controlling such activity. Such fraudulent or malicious activity could result in negative publicity and reputational harm and require significant additional management time and attention. Further, if we fail to detect or prevent fraudulent or malicious activity in a timely manner, or at all, our customers may experience or perceive a reduced return on their investment or heightened risk associated with the use of our products and services, resulting in refusals to pay, demands for refunds, loss of confidence, withdrawal of future business and potential legal claims. 

**_23. We incurred losses in the past. In the event our losses continue to increase, it may adversely affect our business and financial condition._** 

We have incurred losses in Fiscal 2018 and 2017. Our Company’s restated loss after tax, on a consolidated basis, of ₹ 35,032.34 thousand in Fiscal 2018 and ₹ 28,559.32 thousand in Fiscal 2017. For further information, see 

26 

“ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on page 280. There can be no assurance that we will not incur losses in the future which may have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 

**_24. Our client’s proprietary rights may be misappropriated by our employees in violation of applicable confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements and as a result, cause us to breach our contractual obligations in relation to such proprietary rights._** 

We can give no assurance that the steps taken by us will be adequate to enforce our clients intellectual property rights or to adequately prevent the disclosure of confidential information by an employee or subcontractor or a subcontractor’s employee. If our client’s proprietary rights are misappropriated by our employees in violation of any applicable confidentiality agreements or otherwise, our clients may consider us liable for that act and seek damages and compensation from us. In addition, our client contracts may require us to comply with certain security obligations including maintenance of network security, back-up of data, ensuring our network is virus free and ensuring the credentials of our people that work with our clients. We cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with all such obligations and that we will not incur liability nor have a claim for substantial damages against us. 

**_25. We may be unable to adequately protect our intellectual property and may be subject to risks of infringement claims._** 

Our brand names may be subject to counterfeiting or imitation, which could adversely impact our reputation and lead to loss of consumer confidence, reduced sales and higher administrative costs. However, we have applied for registration of our brand name _Xelpmoc_ and _Xelp_ under class 9, 16 and 42 under the Trade Marks Act, 1999. We are yet to receive registration or final approval for use of abovementioned trademarks from the Registrar of Trademarks. For further information, see “ _Government and Other Approvals – Approvals in relation to intellectual property of our Company_ ” on page 307. However, there can be no assurance that third parties will not infringe upon our intellectual property, causing damage to our business prospects, reputation and goodwill. Our efforts to protect our intellectual property may not be adequate and may lead to erosion of our business value and our operations could be adversely affected. We may need to litigate in order to determine the validity of such claims and the scope of the proprietary rights of others. Any such litigation could be time consuming and costly and the outcome cannot be guaranteed. We may not be able to detect any unauthorized use or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce or protect its intellectual property. 

**_26. Our business is dependent on developing and maintaining continuing relationships with our clients and customers. The loss of any significant client or customer could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

Although, we generally do not enter into long-term supply contracts with our customers, our business is dependent on developing and maintaining a continuing relationship with our key clients and customers. In the event of a significant decline in the demand for our products or services by our key clients, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain the historic levels of business from these clients and customers or that we will be able to replace these clients in case we lose any of them. 

# **_27. Increases in wages for IT professionals could reduce our cash flows and profit margins._** 

Historically, wage costs in the Indian IT services industry have been significantly lower than wage costs in developed countries for comparable skilled technical personnel, which has been one of India’s competitive strengths. However, wage increases in India may prevent us from sustaining this competitive advantage and may negatively affect our profit margins. In the long term, wage increases may make us less competitive unless we are able to continue increasing the efficiency and productivity of our professionals and the quality of our services and the prices we can charge for our products and services. Increases in wages, including an increase in the cash component of our compensation expenses, may reduce our cash flows and our profit margins and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions and results of operations. 

**_28. We are exposed to the credit risks of our customers._** 

27 

We may extend credit terms to our customers ranging from 120 to 150 days on a case-to-case basis depending on, amongst others, their creditworthiness and the length of the customer relationship. Our trade receivables in Fiscal 2018, 2017 and 2016 were ₹ 15,917.40 thousand, ₹ 4,688.63 thousand and ₹ 208.33 thousand, respectively. 

Our customers may be unable to meet their contractual payment obligations to us, either in a timely manner or at all. The reasons for payment delays, cancellations or default by our customers may include insolvency, bankruptcy, insufficient financing or working capital due to late payments by their respective end-customers. We may not be able to enforce our contractual rights to receive payment through legal proceedings. In the event that we are not able to collect payments from our customers, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

**_29. We may be unable to generate sustainable revenue without substantial sales marketing or distribution capabilities._** 

We have not substantially commenced our planned business strategy towards our sales and marketing activities. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to develop a sales and marketing plan or to develop effective operational capabilities. In the event we are unable to successfully implement these objectives, we may be unable to generate sales and consequently may be forced to cease operations. 

We may also be unable to obtain sufficient quantities of quality clientele on acceptable commercial terms because we do not have any long term agreements or commitments in place. Our business would be seriously harmed if we were unable to develop and maintain relationships with repeat customers on acceptable terms. 

**_30. We have in the past entered into related party transactions and may continue to do so in the future, which may potentially involve conflicts of interest with the equity shareholders._** 

We have in the past entered into transactions with certain of our Promoters, Directors, and enterprises over which our Directors have a significant influence. While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis, we cannot assure you that we might have obtained more favourable terms had such transactions been entered into with unrelated parties. Further, it is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future. Such related party transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest. 

In Fiscal 2016, 2017 and 2018 the aggregate amount of such related party transactions was ₹ 20,430.49 thousand, ₹ 45,046.94 thousand, and ₹ 81,101.78 thousand, respectively. The percentage of the aggregate value such related party transactions to our revenue from operations in Fiscal 2016, 2017 and 2018 was 9,806.65%, 239.12%, and 166.53%, respectively. For further information on our related party transactions, see “ _Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 148. We cannot assure you that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will always be in the best interests of our minority shareholders and will not have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_31. Any negative cash flows in the future would adversely affect our cash flow requirements, which may adversely affect our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans, thereby affecting our financial condition._** 

The following table sets forth certain information relating to our cash flows on a consolidated basis for the periods indicated. We may in the future experience negative operating cash flows. 

|**Particulars**||<br>**Fiscal **|_(₹ in thousand)_|
|---|---|---|---|
||**2016**|**2017**|**2018**|
|Net cash flow from /(used in)from operatingactivities|21,518.35|106,853.69|(47,683.49)|
|Net cash flow from /(used in)investingactivities|(40,080.36)|(140,112.15)|(22,073.69)|
|Net cash flow from /(used in)the financingactivities|20,274.99|33,617.37|89,399.24|
|Net increase/(decrease)in cash and cash equivalents|1,712.98|358.91|19,642.06|



Negative cash flows over extended periods, or significant negative cash flows in the short term, could materially impact our ability to operate our business and implement our growth plans. As a result, our cash flows, business, future financial performance and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. For further 

28 

information, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on page 280. 

**_32. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, working capital requirements, capital expenditures and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements._** 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our Equity Shares since incorporation of our Company. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend on our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, working capital requirements, capital expenditure and restrictive covenants of our financing arrangements. The declaration and payment of dividends will be recommended by the Board of Directors and approved by the Shareholders, at their discretion, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Association and applicable law, including the Companies Act, 2013. As on date, our Company has not adopted any formal dividend policy. We may retain all future earnings, if any, for use in the operations and expansion of the business. As a result, we may not declare dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend on factors that our Board deems relevant, including among others, our future earnings, financial condition, cash requirements, business prospects and any other financing arrangements. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends in the future. Accordingly, realization of a gain on Shareholders’ investments will depend on the appreciation of the price of the Equity Shares. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will appreciate in value. 

**_33. We utilize the services of certain consultants for our operations. Any deficiency or interruption in their services could adversely affect our business operations and reputation._** 

We engage third party consultants from time-to-time for certain of our services and development of our products. Our ability to control the manner in which services are provided by third party consultants is limited and we may be liable legally or suffer reputational damage on account of any deficiency of services on part of such consultants. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in continuing to receive uninterrupted and quality services from our third-party consultants. Any disruption or inefficiency in the services provided by our third party consultants could interrupt our business operations and damage our reputation. 

**_34. Certain Promoters and Directors hold Equity Shares in our Company and are therefore interested in the Company’s performance in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses._** 

Certain of our Promoters and Directors are interested in our Company, in addition to regular remuneration or benefits and reimbursement of expenses, to the extent of their shareholding in our Company. We cannot assure you that our Promoters will exercise their rights as shareholders to the benefit and best interest of our Company. Our Promoters may take or block actions with respect to our business which may conflict with the best interests of the Company or that of minority shareholders. For further information on the interest of our Promoters and Directors of our Company, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits, see “ _Our Management_ ” and “ _Our Promoters and Promoter Group_ ” on pages 129 and 143, respectively. 

**_35. Any variation in the utilisation of the Net Proceeds would be subject to certain compliance requirements, including prior shareholders’ approval._** 

We propose to utilise the Net Proceeds for purchase of IT hardware and network equipment’s for development centres in Kolkata and Hyderabad, purchase of fit outs for new development centres in Kolkata and Hyderabad, funding the working capital requirements of our Company and general corporate purposes. For further information of the proposed objects of the Issue, see “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” on page 86. At this stage, we cannot determine with any certainty if we would require the Net Proceeds to meet any other expenditure or fund any exigencies arising out of competitive environment, business conditions, economic conditions or other factors beyond our control. Pursuant to Section 27 of the Companies Act 2013, any variation in the objects of the Issue would require a special resolution of the Shareholders and our Promoters or controlling Shareholders will be required to provide an exit opportunity to the Shareholders who do not agree to such proposal to vary the objects of the Issue, in accordance with the Articles of Association of our Company and as may otherwise be prescribed by SEBI. 

In light of these factors, we may not be able to undertake variation of objects of the Issue to use any unutilized proceeds of the Issue, if any, or vary the terms of any contract referred to in the Draft Red Herring Prospectus, even if such variation is in the interest of our Company. This may restrict our Company’s ability to respond to any change 

29 

in our business or financial condition by re-deploying the unutilised portion of Net Proceeds, if any, or varying the terms of contract, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

**_36. Demand from our clients is cyclical and vulnerable to economic downturns. If the economy weakens or client spending declines further, then our revenue, profits and financial condition may deteriorate._** 

Demand for services from our clients is cyclical and vulnerable to economic downturns, which may result in clients delaying, curtailing, or cancelling proposed and existing projects. Our business traditionally lags the overall recovery in the economy. Therefore, our business may not recover immediately when the economy improves. If the economy weakens or client spending declines further, then our revenue, profits, and overall financial condition may deteriorate. 

In addition, our existing and potential clients may either postpone entering into new contracts or request price concessions. Difficult financing and economic conditions may cause some of our clients to demand better pricing terms or delay payments for services we perform, thereby increasing the average number of days our receivables are outstanding and the potential of increased credit losses on uncollectible invoices. Further, these conditions may result in the inability of some of our clients to pay us for services that we have already performed. If we are not able to reduce our costs quickly enough to respond to the revenue decline from these clients, our operating results may be adversely affected. Accordingly, these factors affect our ability to forecast our future revenue and earnings from business areas that may be adversely impacted by these market conditions. 

**_37. Our funding requirements and proposed deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on management estimates and have not been independently appraised, and may be subject to change based on various factors, some of which are beyond our control._** 

Our funding requirements and deployment of the Net Proceeds are based on internal management estimates based on current market conditions, and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or other independent agency. Furthermore, in the absence of such independent appraisal, or the requirement for us to appoint a monitoring agency in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our funding requirements may be subject to change based on various factors which are beyond our control. For further information, see “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” on page 86. We may have to revise our expenditure and funding requirements as a result of variations in costs, estimates, quotations or other external factors, which may not be within the control of our management. Further, quotations from suppliers are only valid for limited periods and there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain new quotations from these or other suppliers on the same terms. 

**_38. We have relied on a report from NASSCOM, which has been used for industry related data in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus and such data has not been independently verified by us._** 

We have relied on a report titled “ _The IT-BPM Sector in India: Strategic Review 2018_ ” by NASSCOM (“ **NASSCOM Report** ”), which has been used for industry related data that has been disclosed in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus. We have not independently verified such data and therefore, while we believe them to be true, we can make no assurance that they are complete or reliable. Accordingly, investors should read the industry related disclosure in this Draft Red Herring Prospectus in this context. Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. While industry sources take due care and caution while preparing the report, they do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the data. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information. For further information, see “ _Industry Overview_ ” on page 100. 

**_39. The loss of licenses to use third party software or the lack of support or enhancement of such software could adversely affect our business and operations._** 

We currently depend on a limited number of third party software products. If such software products were to become unavailable for any reason, we might experience delays or increased costs in continuing the production of our existing software products or the development of our new software products. For our products, we typically rely on software that we license from third parties, including software that is integrated with internally developed software and which may be used in our products to perform key functions. These third party software licenses may not continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all and the related software may not 

30 

continue to be appropriately supported, maintained, or enhanced by the licensors. The loss of the license to use, or the inability by licensors to support, maintain, or enhance any of such software, could result in increased costs, lost revenues or delays until equivalent software is internally developed or licensed from another third party and integrated with our software. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in licensing third party software on commercially acceptable terms in a timely manner. Such increased costs, lost revenues or delays could adversely affect our business and operations. 

**_40. Our customers may engage in certain transactions in or with countries or persons that are subject to U.S. and other sanctions._** 

U.S. law generally prohibits U.S. persons from directly or indirectly investing or otherwise doing business in or with certain countries that are the subject of comprehensive sanctions and with certain persons or businesses that have been specially designated by the OFAC or other U.S. government agencies. Other governments and international or regional organizations also administer similar economic sanctions. We may provide services to our customers, who in-turn may be doing business with, or located in, countries to which certain OFAC-administered and other sanctions apply, such as Iran. Although we are currently not in violation of any applicable sanctions, if it were determined that transactions in which we participate violate U.S. or other sanctions, we could be subject to U.S. or other penalties, and our reputation and future business prospects in the United States or with U.S. persons, or in other jurisdictions, could be adversely affected. Further, investors in the Equity Shares could incur reputational or other risks as the result of our customers’ dealings in or with countries or with persons that are the subject of U.S. sanctions. 

**_41. Our Company does not have a listed peer which is engaged in a similar line of business or whose business is comparable with our business and therefore, investors must rely on their own examination of accounting ratios of our Company for the purposes of investment in the Issue._** 

As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, there are no companies which are involved exclusively is a business similar to ours, which are listed on the Indian stock exchanges and accordingly, we are not in a position to provide comparative analysis of our performance with any listed company. Therefore, investors must rely on their own examination of accounting ratios of our Company for the purposes of investment in the Issue. For further information, see “ _Basis for Issue Price - Comparison with Listed Industry Peers_ ” on page 96. 

**_42. We have issued Equity Shares during the last one year at a price that may be below the Issue Price._** 

During the last one year we have issued Equity Shares at a price that may be lower than the Issue Price. For further information, see “ _Capital Structure_ ” on page 73. 

The prices at which Equity Shares have been issued by us in last one year should not be taken to be indicative of the Price Band, Issue Price and the trading price of our Equity Shares after listing. 

**_43. We depend on our executive officers and other key employees and the loss of one or more of these employees or an inability to attract and retain highly skilled employees could harm our business._** 

Our success depends largely upon the continued services of our executive officers and key employees. We rely on our leadership team and other key employees in the areas of strategy, operations, security, marketing, IT, support and general and administrative functions. The loss of one or more of our executive officers or key employees could harm our business. 

In addition, in order to execute our growth plan, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. We have from time to time experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty hiring and retaining employees with appropriate qualifications. Our success is dependent, in large part, on our ability to keep our supply of skills and resources in balance with client demand and our ability to attract and retain personnel with the knowledge and skills to lead our business. Experienced personnel in our industry are in high demand, and competition for talent is intense. We must hire, retain and motivate appropriate numbers of talented people with diverse skills in order to serve clients, respond quickly to rapid and ongoing technology, industry and macroeconomic developments and grow and manage our business. If we are unable to hire talented engineering personnel, we may be unable to scale our operations or release new services in a timely fashion and, as a result, customer satisfaction with our services may decline. If there is increase in demand for outsourcing services, we may not be able to develop and deliver new 

31 

services and solutions to fulfil client demand. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. 

**_44. One of the members of our Promoter Group is engaged in a similar line of business as our Company. Any conflict of interest which may occur between our business and the business of the member of our Promoter Group, could adversely affect our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition._** 

One of the entities forming part of our Promoter Group, i.e., Xap Technologies Private Limited, is authorized under its constitutional documents to engage in a similar line of business as us. We cannot assure you that our Promoters will not favour the interests of such entities which are engaged in a similar lines of business as our Company. 

We have not entered into any non-solicitation or non-compete agreement with such entity. There can be no assurance that such entities will not provide comparable services, expand their presence, solicit our employees or acquire interests in competing ventures in the locations or segments in which we operate. A conflict of interest may occur between our business and the business of such entity, which could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **_45. Our insurance policies may not be effective or adequate._** 

While our IT systems, policies and procedures have proved to be adequate in the past, we cannot assure you that they will always be effective or that we will always be successful in monitoring or evaluating the compliance risks in the future, to which we are or may be exposed. Non-compliance with applicable regulations could lead to less number of customers using our products and services. Further, our business involves risks and hazards which may adversely affect our profitability, including failure of systems and employee frauds. We cannot assure you that the operation of our business will not be affected by any of the incidents and hazards listed above or by other factors. 

We maintain insurance policies to cover our information and communication technology liability and director and officer liability insurance coverage. We believe that the insurance coverage which we maintain is in line with the industry standards and would be reasonably adequate to cover the normal risks associated with our business operations. However, there can be no assurance that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honoured fully, in part or on time, or that we have taken out sufficient insurance to cover all material losses, including coverage for claims by third parties and litigation. To the extent that we suffer a loss or damage for which we did not obtain or maintain insurance, that is not covered by insurance or exceeds our insurance coverage, the loss would have to be borne by us and our cash flows, results of operations and financial performance could be adversely affected. Further, our insurance coverage expires from time to time and we apply for the renewal of our insurance coverage in the normal course of our business. However, we cannot assure you that such renewals will be granted in a timely manner, at costs acceptable to us, or at all. For a detailed description of the insurance policies obtained by us including the assets covered under such insurance, see “ _Our Business – Insurance_ ” on page 116. 

**_46. Our business is substantially affected by prevailing economic, political and other prevailing conditions in India._** 

Our Company is incorporated in India, and the majority of our assets and employees are located in India. As a result, we are highly dependent on prevailing economic conditions in India and our results of operations are significantly affected by factors influencing the Indian economy. Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations, may include: 

- any increase in Indian interest rates or inflation; 

- any exchange rate fluctuations; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse impact on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing for our expansions; 

- prevailing income conditions among Indian consumers and Indian corporations; 

- volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; 

- changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies; 

- political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighbouring countries; 

- occurrence of natural or man-made disasters; 

32 

- prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; and 

- other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India or its IT sector. 

Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy, could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_47. We do not own any of the properties from which we operate. If we are unable to renew our current leases or if we renew them on terms which are detrimental to our Company, we may suffer a disruption in our operations or increased relocating costs, or both, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition._** 

We lease/license certain properties for our operations, including our registered office in Bengaluru and office space in Kolkata. As of June 30, 2018, we had a network of four offices (including two co-working offices) spread across four states in India that were on leased/ rented premises. There is no guarantee that these leases/licences will be renewed or extended once their term is complete. If we are unable to renew or extend our current leases/licenses, or if we renew or extend them on terms which are detrimental to us, we may suffer a disruption in our operations or increased relocating costs, or both, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

**_48. Changes in laws and regulations related to the internet or changes in the Internet infrastructure itself may diminish the demand for our products, and could harm our business._** 

The future success of our business depends upon the continued use of the Internet as a primary medium for commerce, communication, and business applications. Central and government bodies or agencies have in the past adopted, and may in the future adopt, laws or regulations affecting the use of the Internet as a commercial medium. Changes in these laws or regulations could require us to modify our products in order to comply with these changes. In addition, government agencies or private organizations have imposed and may impose additional taxes, fees, or other charges for accessing the Internet or commerce conducted via the Internet. These laws or charges could limit the growth of Internet-related commerce or communications generally, or result in reductions in the demand for Internet-based products such as ours. In addition, the use of the Internet as a business tool could be harmed due to delays in the development or adoption of new standards and protocols to handle increased demands of Internet activity, security, reliability, cost, ease-of-use, accessibility, and quality of service. The performance of the Internet and its acceptance as a business tool has been harmed by “viruses,” “worms,” and similar malicious programs and the Internet has experienced a variety of outages and other delays as a result of damage to portions of its infrastructure. If the use of the Internet is adversely affected by these issues, demand for our products could decline. 

**_49. We will continue to be controlled by our Promoters and Promoter Group after the completion of the Issue, which will allow them to influence the outcome of matters submitted for approval of our shareholders._** 

As on the date of this Draft Red Herring Prospectus, our Promoters and Promoter Group hold 78.03% of the issued and outstanding paid-up share capital of our Company. Following the completion of the Issue, our Promoters and Promoter Group will continue to hold together [●]% of our post-Issue Equity Share capital. As a result, they will have the ability to influence matters requiring shareholders’ approval, including the ability to appoint Directors to our Board and the right to approve significant actions at Board and at shareholders’ meetings, including the issue of Equity Shares and dividend payments, business plans, mergers and acquisitions, any consolidation or joint venture arrangements, any amendment to our Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association, and any other business decisions. We cannot assure you that our Promoters and Promoter Group will not have conflicts of interest with other shareholders or with our Company. Any such conflict may adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy or to operate our business. 

**_50. Grants of stock options under our proposed employee stock option plan may result in a charge to our profit and loss account and, to that extent, adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects._** 

We propose to issue stock options under the ESOP 2018, subject to approval of the scheme by the shareholders. Under Ind AS, the grant of employee stock options results in a charge to our Company’s profit and loss account equal to the difference between the fair value of our Equity Shares determined at the date of grant and the exercise price (which will amortize over the vesting period of these stock options). In addition to the effect on the profit and 

33 

loss account, the exercise of vested stock options will dilute the interests of shareholders (as in the case of any issuance of Equity Shares). For further information on ESOP 2018, see “ _Capital Structure – 14. Employee Stock Option Plan_ ” on page 83. 

**_51. We are yet to receive or renew certain approvals or licenses required in the ordinary course of business, and the failure to obtain them in a timely manner or at all may adversely affect our operations._** 

We are governed by various laws and regulations for our business and operations. We require certain approvals, licenses, registrations and permissions for operating our business, some of which have expired and for which we have either made or are in the process of making an application for obtaining the approval or its renewal. For information of specific licenses/ approvals/ registrations/ consents which have been applied for and are yet to be received, the ones that are pending renewal and which are required but not yet applied for, see _“Government and Other Approvals”_ on page 307. There can be no assurance that the relevant authority will issue an approval or renew expired approvals within the applicable time period or at all. Any delay in receipt or non-receipt of such approvals, licenses, registrations and permits could adversely affect our related operations. Further, under such circumstances, the relevant authorities may initiate penal action against us, restrain our operations, impose fines/penalties or initiate legal proceedings for our inability to renew/obtain approvals in a timely manner or at all. If we fail to obtain any of these approvals or licenses, or renewals thereof, in a timely manner, or at all, our business may be adversely affected. 

**_52. Our Company could be an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act and as a result the transferability of the Equity Shares by purchasers in the United States or who are US persons is affected._** 

Although we have undertaken a determinative analysis, we could be an “investment company” under the U.S. Investment Company Act. We are not registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act and exemptions from registration under the U.S. Investment Company Act may not be available to us. In connection with the placing of the Equity Shares with U.S. persons in this Issue, we are seeking to rely on the exclusion provided under Section 3(c)(7) of the U.S. Investment Company Act. If any Equity Shares are owned by or transferred to a U.S. person who is not a Qualified Purchaser, we may become subject to the requirement to register under the U.S. Investment Company Act. Failure to register under the U.S. Investment Company Act when required to so register may lead to fines, penalties, rescission rights for investors and other adverse consequences for us. We have elected to impose certain additional restrictions on the U.S. Offering and on transferability of the Equity Shares. 

**_53. The premises where our Company proposes to open new development centres as stated in the Objects of the Issue, will be on leave and license and/or lease basis. Disruption of our rights as a lessee/ licensee could adversely affect our results of operations._** 

We intend to continue growing our existing technological capabilities and expanding our domain expertise by identifying sectors with high-growth potential and recruiting industry experts in such sectors who can add value to our products and solutions and help us gain credibility in the market. Therefore, we intend to open development centres in Kolkata and Hyderabad. We are in the process of identifying a new office spaces on lease hold or rental basis admeasuring approximately 5,550 square feet at Kolkata and office space admeasuring approximately 6,125 square feet at Hyderabad. For further information, see “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” on page 86. As we expand our operations and establish development centres, we will be exposed to various challenges, including those relating to identification of suitable locations for our new development centres, obtaining land or leases for centres. There can be no assurance that our Company will be able to successfully enter into leave and license or lease agreements for abovementioned development centres on a commercially acceptable terms in a timely manner or at all. If we are unable to identify and obtain suitable or alternate locations for our development centres on terms commercially beneficial to us, it may adversely affect our expansion and growth plans and thereby adversely affect our results of operations. 

**_54. One of our Directors is involved in certain tax proceedings, which, if determined adversely, may affect our reputation, business and financial condition._** 

In the ordinary course of business our Chairman and Independent Director, Tushar Trivedi is involved in certain tax proceedings that are pending varying levels of adjudication before income tax department. The summary of outstanding matters set forth below: 

34 

|**Particulars**|**No. of matters**|**Total amount involved (₹)**|
|---|---|---|
|**_Litigation involving our Directors_**|||
|Tax Proceedings|4|42,790|



We cannot assure you that any of the outstanding litigation matters will be settled in favour of our Directors, or that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. 

For further information on litigation involving our Chairman and Independent Director, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 303. 

**_55. We have not identified any alternate source of financing the ‘Objects of the Issue’. If we fail to mobilize resources as per our plans, our growth plans may be affected._** 

We have not identified any alternate source of funding and hence any failure or delay on our part to raise funds from the Issue or any shortfall in the Issue Proceeds may delay the implementation schedule of our Objects of the Issue and could adversely affect our growth plans. For further information, see “ _Objects of the Issue_ ” on page 86. 

# **External Risk Factors** 

**_56. Inflation in India could have an adverse effect on our profitability and if significant, on our financial condition._** 

The annual rate of inflation was at 5.09% (provisional) for the month of July 2018 (over July 2017) as compared to 5.77% (provisional) for the previous month and 1.88% during the corresponding month of 2017. ( _Source: Index Numbers of Wholesale Price in India, Review for the month of July 2018, published on August 14, 2018 by Government of India, Ministry of Commerce and Industry_ ) Continued high rates of inflation may increase our expenses related to salaries or wages payable to our employees or any other expenses. There can be no assurance that we will be able to pass on any additional expenses to our payers or that our revenue will increase proportionately corresponding to such inflation. Accordingly, high rates of inflation in India could have an adverse effect on our profitability and, if significant, on our financial condition. 

**_57. Most of our revenue is derived from business in India and a decline in economic growth or political instability or changes in the Government in India could adversely affect our business._** 

We derive most of our revenue from our operations in India and so the performance and the growth of our business are dependent on the performance of the Indian economy. In the recent past, Indian economy has been affected by global economic uncertainties and liquidity crisis, domestic policy and political environment, volatility in interest rates, currency exchange rates, commodity and electricity prices, adverse conditions affecting agriculture, rising inflation rates and various other factors. Risk management initiatives by banks and lenders in such circumstances could affect the availability of funds in the future or the withdrawal of our existing credit facilities. The Indian economy is undergoing many changes and it is difficult to predict the impact of certain fundamental economic changes on our business. Conditions outside India, such as a slowdown or recession in the economic growth of other major countries, especially the United States, have an impact on the growth of the Indian economy. Additionally, an increase in trade deficit, a downgrading in India’s sovereign debt rating or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves could negatively affect interest rates and liquidity, which could adversely affect the Indian economy and our business. Any downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operation and the trading price of our Equity Shares. Volatility, negativity, or uncertain economic conditions could undermine the business confidence and could have a significant impact on our results of operations. Changing demand patterns from economic volatility and uncertainty could have a significant negative impact on our results of operations. 

Further, our performance and the market price and liquidity of the Equity Shares may be affected by changes in exchange rates and controls, interest rates, government policies, taxation, social and ethnic instability and other political and economic developments affecting India. The GoI has traditionally exercised and continues to exercise a significant influence over many aspects of the economy. Our business, the market price and liquidity of the Equity Shares may be affected by changes in GoI policy, taxation, social and civil unrest and other political, economic or other developments in or affecting India. 

35 

**_58. Fluctuation in the exchange rate between the Indian Rupee and foreign currencies may have an adverse effect on the value of our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results._** 

On listing, our Equity Shares will be quoted in Indian Rupees on the Stock Exchanges. Any dividends in respect of our Equity Shares will also be paid in Indian Rupees and subsequently converted into the relevant foreign currency for repatriation, if required. Any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during the time that it takes to undertake such conversion may reduce the net dividend to foreign investors. In addition, any adverse movement in currency exchange rates during a delay in repatriating outside India the proceeds from a sale of Equity Shares, for example, because of a delay in regulatory approvals that may be required for the sale of Equity Shares may reduce the proceeds received by Equity Shareholders. For example, the exchange rate between the Rupee and the USD has fluctuated substantially in recent years and may continue to fluctuate substantially in the future, which may have an adverse effect on the trading price of our Equity Shares and returns on our Equity Shares, independent of our operating results. 

# **_59. Financial instability, economic developments and volatility in securities markets in other countries may also cause the price of the Equity Shares to decline._** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, particularly emerging market countries in Asia. Financial turmoil in Europe and elsewhere in the world in recent years has affected the Indian economy. Although economic conditions are different in each country, investors’ reactions to developments in one country can have adverse effects on the securities of companies in other countries, including India. Recently, the currencies of a few Asian countries including India suffered depreciation against the US Dollar owing to amongst other, the announcement by the US government that it may consider reducing its quantitative easing measures. A loss of investor confidence in the financial systems of other emerging markets may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets and, indirectly, in the Indian economy in general. Any worldwide financial instability could also have a negative impact on the Indian economy. Financial disruptions may occur again and could harm our business, future financial performance and the prices of the Equity Shares. 

The global credit and equity markets have experienced substantial dislocations, liquidity disruptions and market corrections in recent years. Since September 2008, liquidity and credit concerns and volatility in the global credit and financial markets increased significantly with the bankruptcy or acquisition of, and government assistance extended to, several major US and European financial institutions. These and other related events, such as the European sovereign debt crisis, have had a significant impact on the global credit and financial markets as a whole, including reduced liquidity, greater volatility, widening of credit spreads and a lack of price transparency in global credit and financial markets. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, have implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall impact of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. In the event that the current difficult conditions in the global credit markets continue or if there is any significant financial disruption, such conditions could have an adverse effect on our business, future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_60. Any adverse revision to India’s debt rating by a domestic or international rating agency could adversely affect our business._** 

India’s sovereign debt rating could be adversely affected due to various factors, including changes in tax or fiscal policy or a decline in India’s foreign exchange reserves, which are outside our control. Presently, India’s sovereign rating is Baa2 with a “stable” outlook (Moody’s), BBB- with a “stable” outlook (Standard & Poor), and BBB- with a “stable” outlook (Fitch Ratings). Any adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by domestic or international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing, and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such additional financing is available. This could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance, ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures and the price of the Equity Shares. 

**_61. The occurrence of natural or man-made disasters could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Hostilities, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other acts of violence could adversely affect the financial markets and our business._** 

36 

The occurrence of natural disasters, including cyclones, storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, tornadoes, fires, explosions, pandemic disease and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war in India or globally may adversely affect the Indian securities markets. In addition, any deterioration in international relations, especially between India and its neighbouring countries, may result in investor concern regarding regional stability which could adversely affect the price of the Equity Shares. In addition, India has witnessed local civil disturbances in recent years and it is possible that future civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic or political events in India could have an adverse effect on our business. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the market price of the Equity Shares. 

**_62. There may be less information available about the companies listed on the Indian securities markets compared with information that would be available if we were listed on securities markets in certain other countries._** 

There may be differences between the level of regulation and monitoring of the Indian securities markets and the activities of investors, brokers and other participants in India and that in the markets in the United States and certain other countries. SEBI has issued regulations and guidelines on disclosure requirements, insider trading and other matters. There may, however, be less publicly available information about companies listed on an Indian stock exchange compared with information that would be available if that company was listed on a securities market in certain other countries. 

# **_63. Our growth is dependent on the Indian economy._** 

Our performance and the speed of growth of our business are necessarily dependant on the health of the overall Indian economy. India's economy could be adversely affected by a general rise in interest rates, adverse conditions affecting agriculture, commodity and electricity prices or various other factors. If the current slowdown in the Indian economy continues it could adversely affect our business including our ability to implement our business strategy and increase our participation in the infrastructure and property development sectors. The Indian economy is currently in a state of transition and it is difficult to gauge the impact of certain fundamental economic changes on our business. The continued downturn in the macroeconomic environment in India or in specific sectors will adversely affect the price of our shares and our business and financial performance. 

# **_64. Rights of shareholders under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions._** 

Our Articles of Association and Indian law govern our corporate affairs. Legal principles relating to these matters and the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a bank or corporate entity in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may have more difficulty in asserting their rights as one of our shareholders than as a shareholder of a bank or corporate entity in another jurisdiction. 

**_65. Our business and activities may be further regulated by the Competition Act and any adverse application or interpretation of the Competition Act could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations._** 

The Competition Act seeks to prevent business practices that have or are likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India and has established the Competition Commission of India (the “ **CCI** ”). Under the Competition Act, any arrangement, understanding or action, whether formal or informal, which has or is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition is void and attracts substantial penalties. Any agreement among competitors which, directly or indirectly, determines purchase or sale prices, results in bid rigging or collusive bidding, limits or controls the production, supply or distribution of goods and services, or shares the market or source of production or providing of services by way of allocation of geographical area or type of goods or services or number of customers in the relevant market or in any other similar way, is presumed to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition and shall be void. Further, the Competition Act prohibits the abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. If it is proven that a breach of the Competition Act committed by a company took place with the consent or connivance or is attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other officer of such company, that person shall be guilty of the breach themselves and may be punished as an individual. If we, or any of our employees, 

37 

are penalized under the Competition Act, our business may be adversely affected. Further, the Competition Act also regulates combinations and requires approval of the CCI for effecting any acquisition of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations above the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds. 

On March 4, 2011, the Government of India notified and brought into force new provisions under the Competition Act in relation to combined entities (the “Combination Regulation Provisions”), which came into effect from June 1, 2011. The Combination Regulation Provisions require that any acquisition of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations, which cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds, must be notified to and preapproved by the CCI. In addition, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued the final Competition Commission of India (Procedure in regard to the transaction of business relating to combinations) Regulations, 2011 (which were further amended on March 28, 2014). These regulations, as amended, set out the mechanism for the implementation of the Combination Regulation Provisions under the Competition Act. 

It is difficult to predict the impact of the Competition Act on our growth and expansion strategies in the future. If we are affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of the Competition Act or any enforcement proceedings initiated by the CCI or any adverse publicity that may be generated due to scrutiny or prosecution by the CCI, it may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any actual, pending, contemplated or threatened proceedings, investigations, actions, claims or suits against us, our subsidiaries and directors, whether meritorious or not, could be time consuming and costly, require significant amounts of management time and result in the diversion of significant operational resources. 

**_66. The Indian tax regime is currently undergoing substantial changes which could adversely affect our business._** 

The goods and service tax (“GST”) that has been implemented with effect from July 1, 2017 combines taxes and levies by the GoI and state governments into a unified rate structure, and replaces indirect taxes on goods and services such as central excise duty, service tax, customs duty, central sales tax, state VAT, cess and surcharge and excise that were being collected by the GoI and state governments. 

As regards the General Anti-Avoidance Rules (“GAAR”), the provisions of Chapter X-A (sections 95 to 102) of the Income Tax Act, 1961, are applicable from assessment year 2019 (Fiscal 2018) onwards. The GAAR provisions intend to declare an arrangement as an “impermissible avoidance arrangement”, if the main purpose or one of the main purposes of such arrangement is to obtain a tax benefit, and satisfies at least one of the following tests (i) creates rights, or obligations, which are not ordinarily created between persons dealing at arm’s length; (ii) results, directly or indirectly, in misuse, or abuse, of the provisions of the Income Tax Act, 1961; (iii) lacks commercial substance or is deemed to lack commercial substance, in whole or in part; or (iv) is entered into, or carried out, by means, or in a manner, that is not ordinarily engaged for bona fide purposes. If GAAR provisions are invoked, the tax authorities will have wider powers, including denial of tax benefit or a benefit under a tax treaty. In the absence of any precedents on the subject, the application of these provisions is uncertain. As the taxation regime in India is undergoing a significant overhaul, its consequent effects on economy cannot be determined at present and there can be no assurance that such effects would not adversely affect our business, future financial performance and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **_67. Investors in Equity Shares may be unable to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us._** 

Our Company is a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of India. All of our Directors and our Key Management Personnel are residents of India. All of our Company's assets and the assets of our Directors are located in India. Decrees in India whether domestic or foreign have to be enforced under the provisions of the CPC and recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments has been laid down under Section 13 of the CPC. Additionally, upon the production of a certified copy of the foreign judgment, an Indian court presumes that the judgment was pronounced by a competent court of jurisdiction unless contrary proved. India is not a party to any international treaty with respect to enforcement of foreign judgments. Under Section 44A, judgments from courts in reciprocating countries can be enforced directly in India. The CPC only permits the enforcement of monetary decrees, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties and does not include arbitration awards. Thus, in the event of a judgment being passed from a non- reciprocating country against our Company for civil liability, it would not be enforceable in India and it would be required to institute new proceedings in India and obtain a decree from an Indian court. Based on the final judgment obtained from a nonreciprocating country, a fresh suit can be initiated within three years of obtaining such final judgment. The United 

38 

States for instance has not been declared as a reciprocating territory for the purposes of the CPC and thus a judgement of a court outside India may be enforced in India only by a suit and not by proceedings in execution. 

India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, which include the United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong. For a judgement from a jurisdiction with reciprocity to be enforceable, it must meet the requirements as laid down in the CPC. If the Indian court believes that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy in India, it is unlikely that an Indian court would award damages on the same basis, or to the same extent, as was awarded in a final judgement rendered by a court in another jurisdiction. In addition, any person seeking to enforce a foreign judgement in India is required to obtain prior approval of the RBI, to repatriate any amount recovered pursuant to the execution of the judgement. 

# **_68. The requirements of being a listed company may strain our resources._** 

As we are not a listed company, we have not been subject to the increased scrutiny by shareholders, regulators and the public as is associated with a listed company. Pursuant to listing, our Company will incur significant legal, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations and the listing agreements to be executed with the stock exchanges, which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. In the event of experiencing any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations, we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly may not be able to report any changes in our results of operations as promptly as other listed companies. We may also be subject to penalties for such delays and noncompliances. In order to ensure the improvement in procedures for internal control over financial reporting and effective disclosure control, attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from other business concerns which would impact our business and operations. 

**_69. The Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and, after the Issue, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the price of the Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell the Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price, or at all._** 

Prior to the Issue, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Issue. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such market for the Equity Shares. The Issue Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in the securities markets in India and other jurisdictions, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. 

**_70. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid._** 

Pursuant to the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and other regulations and guidelines prescribed by SEBI, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares Bid for or the price) at any stage after submitting a Bid and are required to pay the Bid Amount at the time of submission of the Bid. 

Events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition, may arise between the date of submission of the Bid by QIBs and Non - Institutional Investors and Allotment of the Equity Shares. Our Company may choose to complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares pursuant to the Issue despite the occurrence of one or more such events, and QIBs and Non - Institutional Investors would not be able to withdraw or lower their Bids in such or any other situation, once they have submitted their Bid. 

39 

# **_71. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of capital gains on the sale of the Equity Shares._** 

Under the Income Tax Act, 1961, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares in an Indian company are generally taxable in India except any gain realised on the sale of shares on a stock exchange held for more than 12 months will not be subject to capital gains tax in India if the STT has been paid on the transaction. The STT will be levied on and collected by an Indian stock exchange on which equity shares are sold. Any gain realised on the sale of shares held for more than 12 months to an Indian resident, which are sold other than on a recognised stock exchange and as a result of which no STT has been paid, will be subject to long term capital gains tax in India. Further, any gain realised on the sale of shares on a stock exchange held for a period of 12 months or less will be subject to short term capital gains tax. Further, any gain realised on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less which are sold other than on a recognised stock exchange and on which no STT has been paid, will be subject to short term capital gains tax at a relatively higher rate as compared to the transaction where STT has been paid in India. Further, in accordance with the Finance Act, 2018, which has been notified with effect from April 1, 2018, the exemption on long term capital gains tax has been withdrawn and such tax has become payable in the hands of the investors. Capital gains arising from the sale of shares will be exempt from taxation in India in cases where an exemption is provided under a tax treaty between India and the country of which the seller is a resident. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdictions on gains arising from a sale of the shares subject to relief available under the applicable tax treaty or under the laws of their own jurisdiction. 

# **_72. You will not be able to sell immediately on an Indian stock exchange any of the Equity Shares you purchase in the Issue._** 

The Equity Shares will be listed on the Stock Exchanges. Pursuant to the applicable Indian laws, certain actions must be completed before the Equity Shares can be listed and trading in the Equity Shares may commence. Investors' book entry, or ‘demat’ accounts with depository participants in India, are expected to be credited within one working day of the date on which the Basis of Allotment is approved by the Stock Exchanges. The Allotment of Equity Shares in this Issue and the credit of such Equity Shares to the applicant’s demat account with depository participant could take approximately six Working Days from the Bid Closing Date and trading in the Equity Shares upon receipt of final listing and trading approvals from the Stock Exchanges is expected to commence within six Working Days of the Bid Closing Date. There could be a failure or delay in listing of the Equity Shares on the Stock Exchanges. Any failure or delay in obtaining the approval or otherwise commence trading in the Equity Shares would restrict investors' ability to dispose of their Equity Shares. There can be no assurance that the Equity Shares will be credited to investors’ demat accounts, or that trading in the Equity Shares will commence, within the time periods specified in this risk factor. We could also be required to pay interest at the applicable rates if allotment is not made, refund orders are not dispatched or demat credits are not made to investors within the prescribed time periods. 

**_73. Any future issuance of Equity Shares, or convertible securities or other equity linked securities by us and any sale of Equity Shares by our Selling Shareholders or Promoters or significant shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

After the completion of the Issue, our Promoters and significant shareholders will own, directly and indirectly, approximately [●]% of our outstanding Equity Shares. Any future issuance of the Equity Shares, convertible securities or securities linked to the Equity Shares by us may dilute your shareholding in the Company, adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares and our ability to raise capital through an issue of our securities. Further, our significant shareholders may dispose of, sell or otherwise transfer a part or whole of their shareholding in our Company. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur could also affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. No assurance may be given that we will not issue additional Equity Shares or that our shareholders will not dispose of, sell or otherwise transfer Equity Shares held by them. 

# **_74. You may be restricted in your ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and may be adversely affected by future dilution of your ownership position._** 

Under the Companies Act, a company incorporated in India must offer its shareholders pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages before the issuance of any new shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by adoption of a special resolution by 

40 

holders of three-fourths of the shares who have voted on the resolution, or unless the company has obtained approval from the Government of India to issue without such special resolution, subject to votes being cast in favour of the proposal exceeding the votes cast against such proposal. However, if the law of the jurisdiction you are in does not permit you to exercise your pre-emptive rights without our Company filing an offering document or a registration statement with the applicable authority in the jurisdiction you are in, you will be unable to exercise your pre-emptive rights unless our Company makes such a filing. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares, your proportional interest in our Company would be reduced. 

# **_75. The Issue Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Issue._** 

The Issue Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company in consultation with the Book Running Lead Manager through the Book Building Process. This price will be based on numerous factors, as described under “ _Basis for Issue Price_ ” on page 94 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Issue. The market price of the Equity Shares could be subject to significant fluctuations after the Issue, and may decline below the Issue Price. We cannot assure you that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Issue Price. 

# **_76. The market value of the Equity Shares may fluctuate due to the volatility of the Indian securities markets._** 

Indian securities markets may be more volatile than and not comparable to, the securities markets in certain countries with more developed economies and capital markets than India. Indian stock exchanges have, in the past, experienced substantial fluctuations in the prices of listed securities. Indian stock exchanges (including the BSE and the NSE) have experienced problems which, if such or similar problems were to continue or recur, could affect the market price and liquidity of the securities of Indian companies, including the Equity Shares. These problems have included temporary exchange closures, broker defaults, settlement delays and strikes by brokers. In addition, the governing bodies of Indian stock exchanges have, from time to time, imposed restrictions on trading in certain securities, limitations on price movements and margin requirements. Further, from time to time, disputes have occurred between listed companies, stock exchanges and other regulatory bodies, which in some cases may have a negative effect on market sentiment. 

# **_77. Under Indian law, foreign investors are subject to investment restrictions that limit our ability to attract foreign investors, which may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares._** 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain restrictions), if they comply with the applicable pricing guidelines and reporting requirements specified under the FEMA Regulations. However, under certain circumstances, prior approval of the RBI or the Government of India is required if such transfer of shares does not meet the requirements specified under the FEMA Regulations. In addition, non-resident shareholders who seek to convert the Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India will require a no-objection or tax-clearance certificate from the income tax authorities in India. Where approval from the RBI or any other government agency is required, such approval may not be obtained on terms favorable to a nonresident investor in a timely manner or at all. Because of possible delays in obtaining requisite approvals, investors in the Equity Shares may be prevented from realizing gains during periods of price increase or limiting losses during periods of price decline. 

**_78. Compliance with provisions of Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act may affect payments on the Equity Shares_** 

The U.S. “Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act” (or “FATCA”) imposes a new reporting regime and, potentially, a 30.00% withholding tax on certain “foreign passthru payments” made by certain non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries). 

If payments on the Equity Shares are made by such non-U.S. financial institutions (including intermediaries), this withholding may be imposed on such payments if made to any non-U.S. financial institution (including an intermediary) that is not otherwise exempt from FATCA or other holders who do not provide sufficient identifying information to the payer, to the extent such payments are considered “foreign passthru payments”. Under current guidance, the term “foreign passthru payment” is not defined and it is therefore not clear whether and to what extent 

41 

payments on the Equity Shares would be considered foreign passthru payments. Withholding on foreign passthru payments would not be required with respect to payments made before January 1, 2019. The United States has entered into intergovernmental agreements with many jurisdictions (including India) that modify the FATCA withholding regime described above. It is not yet clear how the intergovernmental agreements between the United States and these jurisdictions will address “foreign passthru payments” and whether such agreements will require us or other financial institutions to withhold or report on payments on the Equity Shares to the extent they are treated as foreign passthru payments. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the consequences of FATCA, or any intergovernmental agreement or non-U.S. legislation implementing FATCA, to their investment in Equity Shares. 

**_79. U.S. holders should consider the impact of the passive foreign investment company rules in connection with an investment in our Equity Shares._** 

A foreign corporation will be treated as a passive foreign investment company (“ **PFIC** ”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year in which either: (i) at least 75% of its gross income is “passive income” or (ii) at least 50% of its gross assets during the taxable year (based on of the quarterly values of the assets during a taxable year) are “passive assets,” which generally means that they produce passive income or are held for the production of passive income. 

Our Company believes it was likely a PFIC for the taxable year ending March 31, 2018, and likely will be a PFIC for the current year and future years. However, no assurance can be given that our Company will or will not be considered a PFIC in the current or future years. The determination whether or not our Company is a PFIC is a factual determination that is made annually based on the types of income we earn and the value of our assets. Further, our PFIC status may also depend on the market price of the Equity Shares, which may fluctuate considerably. Assuming our Company is considered a PFIC, U.S. holders of Equity Shares would be subject to special rules and a variety of potentially adverse tax consequences under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

# **Prominent Notes:** 

1. Initial public offering of [●] equity shares of face value of ₹ 10 each, of our Company, for cash at an Issue Price of ₹ [●] per equity share (including share premium of ₹ [●] per equity share) aggregating up to ₹ 230,000 thousand. The Issue shall constitute up to [●] % of the post – Issue paid – up Equity Share capital of our Company. 

2. As of March 31, 2018, our net worth was ₹ 190,960.03 thousand as per the Restated Consolidated Financial Information. As of March 31, 2018, our Company’s net worth was ₹ 190,979.03 thousand as per the Restated Standalone Financial Information. 

3. As of March 31, 2018, the net asset value per Equity Share was ₹ 29.30, as per the Restated Consolidated Financial Information, and ₹ 29.30 as per the Restated Standalone Financial Information. 

4. The average cost of acquisition per share by our Promoters, calculated by taking the average of the amounts paid by our Promoters to acquire Equity Shares, is as given below. 

|**Name of Promoter**|**Average cost of acquisition per Equity Share***|
|---|---|
|SandipanChattopadhyay|₹6.93|
|SrinivasKoora|₹6.84|
|JaisonJose|₹ 20.80|



_* As certified by JHS & Associates LLP, Chartered Accountants, pursuant to certificate dated August 24, 2018._ 

For details, see “ _Capital Structure – History of build-up, Promoter’s contribution and lock-in of Promoter’s shareholding_ ” on page 75. The average cost of acquisition per Equity Share by our Promoters has been calculated by taking the average of the amounts paid by our Promoters to acquire the Equity Shares. 

5. During the period commencing from six months immediately preceding the date of filing of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus, no financing arrangements existed pursuant to which our Promoters, Promoter Group, 

42 

Directors, or their relatives have financed the purchase of Equity Shares by any other person other than in the normal course of business of the financing entity. 

6. There have been no changes to the main objects since incorporation of our Company. Our Company was incorporated as ‘ _Xelpmoc Design and Tech Private Limited_ ’, a private limited company, under the Companies Act, 2013 on September 16, 2015 at Bengaluru, Karnataka, India, and the Certificate of Incorporation was issued by the RoC. Our Company was converted into a public limited company pursuant to a special resolution passed by our Shareholders on July 2, 2018 and the name of our Company was changed to ‘ _Xelpmoc Design and Tech Limited_ ’. Consequently, a fresh certificate of incorporation consequent upon change of name upon conversion into public company was issued by the RoC on July 20, 2018. For details of change in the name and Registered Office of our Company, see “ _History and Certain Corporate Matters_ ” on page 122. 

7. For details of related party transactions since incorporation and, the nature of transactions and the cumulative value of transactions, see “ _Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 148. 

8. Any clarification or information relating to the Issue shall be made available by the BRLM and our Company to the investors at large, and no selective or additional information would be available for a section of investors in any manner whatsoever. Investors may contact the BRLM or the Registrar to the Issue for any complaints pertaining to the Issue. For details of contact information of the BRLM and the Registrar to the Issue, see “ _General Information_ ” on page 65. 

9. All grievances in relation to the Bids through ASBA process may be addressed to the Registrar to the Issue, with a copy to the relevant Designated Intermediary with whom the ASBA Form was submitted, giving details such as the full name of the sole or First Bidder, ASBA Form number, Bidders‘ DP ID, Client ID, PAN, number of Equity Shares applied for, date of submission of ASBA Form, address of Bidder, the name and address of the relevant Designated Intermediary, where the ASBA Form was submitted by the Bidder and ASBA Account number in which the amount equivalent to the Bid Amount was blocked. Further, the Bidder shall enclose the Acknowledgment Slip from the Designated Intermediaries in addition to the documents or information mentioned hereinabove. Further, all grievances of the Anchor Investors may be addressed to the Registrar to the Issue, giving full details such as the name of the sole or First Bidder, Bid cum Application Form number, Bidders‘ DP ID, Client ID, PAN, date of the Bid cum Application Form, address of the Bidder, number of the Equity Shares applied for, Bid Amount paid on submission of the Bid cum Application Form and the name and address of the BRLM where the Bid cum Application Form was submitted by the Anchor Investor. 

43 

