# **SECTION II: RISK FACTORS** 

_An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below before making an investment in the Equity Shares._ 

_We have described the risks and uncertainties that we believe are material, but these risks and uncertainties may not be the only risks relevant to us, the Equity Shares, or the industry in which we currently operate or propose to operate. Unless specified or quantified in the relevant risk factor below, we are not in a position to quantify the financial or other implication of any of the risks mentioned in this section. If any or a combination of the following risks actually occur, or if any of the risks that are currently not known or deemed to be not relevant or material now actually occur or become material in the future, our business, cash flows, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could suffer, the trading price of the Equity Shares could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. To obtain a more detailed understanding of our business and operations, please read this section in conjunction with the sections titled “Our Business”, “Industry Overview – Our Market Opportunity”, “Key Regulations and Policies in India” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages_ 131 _,_ 153 _,_ 158 _and_ 310 _, respectively, as well as other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus._ 

_In making an investment decision, you must rely on your own examination of us and the terms of the Offer, including the merits and risks involved, and you should consult your tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of investing in the Offer. Prospective investors should pay particular attention to the fact that our Company is incorporated under the laws of India and is subject to a legal and regulatory environment which may differ in certain respects from that of other countries._ 

_This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to the considerations described below. For details, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 24._ 

_Unless otherwise indicated, industry and market data used in this section has been derived from the RedSeer Report, which has been commissioned and paid for by us in connection with the Offer. Neither we, nor the Managers, nor any other person connected with the Offer has independently verified any third-party statistical, financial and other industry information in the RedSeer Report. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the RedSeer Report and included herein with respect to any particular year, refers to such information for the relevant year._ 

# **Risks Relating to Our Business and Industry** 

**1. We have a history of net losses and we anticipate increased expenses in the future.** 

We have incurred restated loss for the year of ₹10,105.14 million, ₹23,856.01 million and ₹8,164.28 million in Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021 respectively. For further details, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations_ ” on page 316. We expect our costs to increase over time and our losses will continue given significant investments expected towards growing our business. We have expended and expect to continue to expend substantial financial and other resources on, among others, advertising and sales promotion costs to attract customers and restaurant partners to our platform, developing our platform, including expanding our platform’s offerings, developing or acquiring new platform features and services, expanding into new markets in India, and expanding our delivery partner network. These efforts may be more costly than we expect and may not result in increased revenue or growth in our business. Any failure to increase our revenue sufficiently to keep pace with our investments and other expenses could prevent us from achieving profitability or positive cash flow on a consistent basis. If we are unable to successfully address these risks and challenges as we encounter them, our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. If we are unable to generate adequate revenue growth and manage our expenses and cash flows, we may continue to incur significant losses in the future. 

**2. We may not be able to sustain our historical growth rates, and our historical performance may not be indicative of our future growth or financial results.** 

Our business has grown substantially in recent years. Since our incorporation in 2010, we have evolved from a singleservice category provider to a multi-category service provider, offering various services across food delivery, diningout, Hyperpure and Zomato Pro. Almost all aspects of our business, in particular food delivery, have experienced rapid growth in recent years. Our revenue from operations has grown from ₹13,125.86 million in Fiscal 2019 to ₹19,937.89 million in Fiscal 2021. In particular, as lockdowns in response to the COVID-19 pandemic eased in India towards the end of May 2020, our food delivery business started recovering and in the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2021 we recorded the highest GOV achieved by us in any quarter till March 2021. For further details, see “ _Our Business – Our Platform Offerings_ ” on page 132 and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations_ ” on page 316. The accelerated growth of our business stemming from the effects 

36 

of the COVID-19 pandemic may not continue in the future. 

As we continue to grow our business, we will need to work with our existing and an increasingly large number of new restaurant partners, delivery partners and other participants in our network efficiently and establish and maintain mutually beneficial relationships with them. We will also need to continue to expand, train, manage and motivate our growing workforce. To support our expansion, we also expect to implement a variety of new and upgraded managerial, operating, financial and human resource systems, procedures and controls, which may lead to higher costs. 

We cannot assure you that our historical growth rate will be sustainable or achieved at all in the future, that our new business initiatives will be successful, or that we will be able to implement all these managerial, operating, financial and human resource systems, procedures and control measures successfully. If we are not able to manage our growth or execute our strategies effectively, our expansion may not be successful, and our business and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. We may also experience a decline in our revenue growth rate as a result of a number of factors, including slowing demand for our platform, insufficient growth in the number of restaurant partners and customers that utilize our platform, increasing competition, a decrease in the growth of our overall market, our failure to continue to capitalize on growth opportunities, and increasing regulatory costs, among others, all of which would have a material adverse impact on our cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **3. Our funding requirements and the proposed deployment of Net Proceeds have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution or any other independent agency and our management will have broad discretion over the use of the Net Proceeds.** 

We intend to utilise the Net Proceeds of the Offer as set forth in “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 114. The funding requirements mentioned as a part of the objects of the Offer are based on internal management estimates in view of past expenditures, and have not been appraised by any bank or financial institution. This is based on current conditions and is subject to change in light of changes in external circumstances, costs, other financial conditions or business strategies. Further, while our Company intends to utilise at least 40% of the Net Proceeds towards organic growth initiatives, it has currently not estimated specific amounts that will be deployed towards the objects of the Offer. The exact amounts that will be utilised from the Net Proceeds towards the stated objects will depend upon our Company’s business plans, market conditions, our Board’s analysis of economic trends and business requirements, competitive landscape, ability to identify and consummate inorganic growth opportunities as well as general factors affecting our results of operations, financial condition and access to capital. For further details, see “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 114. 

Various risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in this section, may limit or delay our efforts to use the Net Proceeds to achieve profitable growth in our business. For example, our organic growth and expansion plans could be delayed due to failure to receive regulatory approvals, technical difficulties, human resource, technological or other resource constraints, or for other unforeseen reasons, events or circumstances. We may also use funds for future businesses which may have risks significantly different from what we currently face or may expect. Further, we may not be able to attract personnel with sufficient skills or sufficiently train our personnel to manage our expansion plans. Accordingly, use of the Net Proceeds for other purposes identified by our management may not result in actual growth of our business, increased profitability or an increase in the value of our business and your investment. 

# **4. The COVID-19 pandemic, or a similar public health threat, has had an impact and could further impact our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.** 

An outbreak of COVID-19 was recognized as a pandemic by the World Health Organization (“ **WHO** ”) on March 11, 2020. In response to the COVID-19 outbreak the governments of many countries, including India, had taken and may continue to take preventive or protective actions, such as imposing country-wide lockdowns, restrictions on travel and business operations and advising or requiring individuals to limit their time outside of their homes. Temporary closures of businesses had been ordered and numerous other businesses were temporarily closed on a voluntary basis as well. The scope, duration, and frequency of such measures and the adverse effects of COVID-19 remain uncertain and could be severe. Resurgence of the virus or a variant of the virus that causes a rapid increase in cases and deaths, if measures taken by governments fail or if vaccinations are not administered as planned, may cause significant economic disruption in India and in the rest of the world. 

Our food delivery business was significantly impacted during the first quarter of Fiscal 2021 as most restaurant establishments had temporarily closed operations in response to government mandated lockdowns and customers were unwilling to order food from restaurants. Similarly, our revenues from our dining-out services were severely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Our average Monthly Active Users reduced from 41.5 million in Fiscal 2020 to 32.1 million in Fiscal 2021 and our average Monthly Transacting Users reduced from 10.7 million in Fiscal 2020 to 6.8 million in Fiscal 2021. Our total income decreased from ₹27,427.39 million in Fiscal 2020 to ₹21,184.24 million in Fiscal 2021. While our food delivery business recovered since lockdowns eased in India, our dining-out business had started showing signs of recovery even with customers still being reluctant to dine-out as a precautionary measure. 

37 

With the resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic in April 2021 in India, our dining-out business was adversely impacted again with the lockdowns that were announced in various parts of India. However, there was no adverse impact on our food delivery business. For further details of the impact of COVID-19 on our operations, see “ _Our Business - Impact of COVID-19_ ” on page 134. In addition, further government actions and lockdowns to contain the spread of COVID-19 could adversely impact us. Considering the above, we have assessed the carrying value of our assets including goodwill and intangible assets by considering internal and external information. We have also performed sensitivity analysis on the assumptions used and based on current indicators of future economic conditions and while we expect to recover the carrying amount of these assets, there is no assurance that these expectations may materialize. 

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have taken active measures to promote health and safety, including providing contactless food delivery to customers, temporarily disabling the cash on delivery option for food delivery, arranging for and facilitating the availability of face masks and hand sanitizers for delivery partners, requiring our delivery partners to share daily self-declarations on their hygiene and health (including having a normal body temperature, sanitized masks and bags) and working closely with restaurant partners to share safety guidelines. In connection with public health threats, we may also be required to temporarily close our corporate offices and have our employees work remotely, as we have done in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, which impacts productivity and otherwise disrupts our business operations. 

In addition, the current outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in a widespread global health crisis and adversely affected global economies and financial markets, and similar public health threats could do so in the future. Such events have impacted, and could in the future impact, demand for restaurants and customers’ purchase patterns, which in turn, could adversely affect our cash flows, revenue and results of operations. Even if a virus or other disease does not spread significantly and such measures are not implemented, the perceived risk of infection or significant health risk may adversely affect our business. Restaurants may be perceived as unsafe during such public health threats, even for food delivery. If the services offered through our platform or at other businesses in our industry become a significant risk for transmitting COVID-19 or similar public health threats, or if there is a public perception that such risks exist, demand for the use of our platform would be adversely affected. Incidents such as these may result in a negative impact on customers’ willingness or ability to order delivery or complete a takeout order, or on the delivery partner’s willingness or ability to make deliveries, thereby adversely affecting our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

It is not possible to accurately predict the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations due to the evolving nature of the COVID-19 pandemic and the extent of its impact across industries and geographies and numerous other uncertainties, including the duration and spread of the outbreak, additional actions that may be taken by governmental authorities, further impact on delivery partners, restaurant partners, customers and business partners, other intermediaries involved by us in our operations and other factors. The extent to which COVID-19 further impacts our results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions taken globally to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. Our existing insurance coverage may not provide protection for all costs that may arise from all such possible events. The spread of any severe communicable diseases, such as COVID-19, may adversely affect our restaurant partners and delivery partners, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **5. If we fail to retain our existing restaurant partners, customers or delivery partners or fail to add new restaurant partners, delivery partners or customers to our portfolio in a cost-effective manner, our business may be adversely affected.** 

We believe that growth of our business and revenue is dependent upon our ability to continue to grow our network by retaining our existing and adding new restaurant partners, delivery partners and customers in order to increase our GOV, drive revenue growth and achieve profitability. An increase in the number of transacting customers on our platform drives the number of orders, as new customers bring new orders. More orders completed on our platform results in more GOV being generated which in turn attracts additional restaurant partners and delivery partners to our platform who seek to benefit from the enhanced business opportunities. An increase in the number of restaurant partners on the platform in turn attracts more customers. This network effect takes time to build and may grow slower than we expect or than it has grown in the past. If we fail to retain either our existing restaurant partners (especially our most popular restaurant partners), delivery partners (as a result of failing to provide compelling earning opportunities on our platform) or customers (including as a result of impaired relationships, decrease in popularity of a restaurant partner, delivery issues or competition) or fail to add new restaurant partners, delivery partners and consequently the customers, the value of our network may be diminished. In addition, although we believe that many of our new restaurant partners and customers originate from word-of-mouth and other non-paid referrals from existing restaurant partners and customers, and from the popularity of our brand in India, we expect to continue to spend on advertising and sales promotion to acquire additional restaurant partners and customers through advertisements and promotional offers. We cannot assure you that the revenue from the restaurant partners and customers we acquire will 

38 

# ultimately exceed the cost of acquisition. 

We have previously provided guarantees with respect to minimum volume or value of orders under our contracts with some of our restaurant partners. Such minimum order guarantees are still subsisting under a few contracts. There have been instances of such guarantees being invoked in the past and there can be no assurance that any of the guarantees that continue to subsist may not be invoked in the future. In Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021, ₹40.16 million, ₹328.90 million and ₹19.46 million, respectively, was charged by our Company to the statement of profit and loss account on account of shortfalls in guaranteed order volumes/ values (the expense amounts includes both amounts paid and provisions made). In the event there is a shortfall in the guaranteed volume or value of orders, such guarantee amounts, typically being a percentage of the deficit, may be invoked and become payable, which may adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

The industry in which we operate is susceptible to health concerns arising from food-borne illnesses, health epidemics, pandemics, food quality, allergic reactions and other negative food-related incidents, and public perception of healthy eating in India. If customer dining preferences change due to shifts in customer demographics, national, regional or local economic conditions, dietary habits, trends in food sourcing or food preparation and our restaurant partners are not able to adapt their food menu or customer offerings to account for these changes, our customers may begin to seek alternative restaurant options or eat at home, which would adversely affect our financial results. 

The occurrence of an outbreak of a food-borne illness, health epidemic or other adverse public health event in India or in the vicinity of our restaurants partners could lead to temporary or permanent closure of restaurants, impact the availability of delivery partners and impact our customers’ willingness to order restaurant food, all of which could materially disrupt our business and operations. In addition, spoilage or deficiencies in quality of any restaurant ingredients supplied by us through Hyperpure may lead to adverse health consequences on customers, thereby impair the reputation of our Hyperpure tagged restaurant partners and us. Risks to the health of the end customers can arise from any such negative food-related incident, which could expose us to litigation, including by customers, sanctions or fines by food safety regulators. We cannot make any assurances that our internal controls will be fully effective in preventing these or any other negative food-related incidents. 

# **6. Growth of our business will depend upon the strength of our brand, and any failure to maintain, protect and enhance our brand could limit our ability to retain or expand our customer base, which could materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.** 

We believe that brand recognition is necessary to continue to attract and retain customers and, in turn, restaurant partners in our network. We need to maintain, protect and enhance our brand in order to expand our existing base of customers and restaurant partners, and increase their engagement with our platform. This will depend largely on our ability to continue to provide differentiated services, and we may not be able to do so effectively. While we may choose to engage in a broader marketing campaign to further promote our brand, this effort may not be successful or cost effective. If we are unable to maintain or enhance restaurant and customer awareness in a cost-effective manner, our brand, business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. Furthermore, negative publicity about us, including delivery problems, impairment of the reputation of popular restaurant partners, issues with our technology, data privacy breaches and complaints about our personnel or customer service, could diminish confidence in, and the use of, our services, which could harm our results of operations and business. A public perception that we, restaurant partners on our platform or other participants do not provide satisfactory services to customers, even if factually incorrect or based on isolated incident or based on the aggregate effect of individually insignificant incidents, could damage our reputation, diminish the value of our brands, undermine the trust and credibility we have established and have a negative impact on our ability to attract and retain customers and restaurant partners, and onboard delivery partners. For example, there have been instances where certain individuals who were not associated with us approached our restaurant partners and promised improved ratings and reviews on our platform if they subscribed to certain services being provided by such individuals. Such instances could adversely impact our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. See “ _- Unfavorable media coverage could harm our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations_ ” below for instances of negative media publicity. 

# **7. Unfavourable media coverage could harm our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.** 

We are the subject of media coverage from time to time. Unfavorable publicity regarding our business model, revenue model, customer support, technology, platform changes, platform quality, actions of our delivery partners and restaurant partners, privacy or security practices, or management team could adversely affect our reputation. In order to ensure that we cater in the best possible manner to all stakeholders, we are constantly reviewing our systems and policies to reflect the dynamic nature of the market and customer needs. While we are open to roll back any policy if not well received, we may receive negative publicity or incur costs to implement and roll back any such policy, which would have an adverse impact on our operations. Such negative publicity could also harm the size of our network and the engagement and loyalty of restaurant partners, customers, delivery partners and other participants that utilize our 

39 

platform, which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. 

For example, in 2019 we paused certain terms and conditions on food delivery that we put forth for all our restaurant partners. These covered penalties levied on restaurant partners for delayed and cancelled orders, among other things. We had to roll back this policy, which we did promptly, basis feedback from restaurant partners, and incurred costs as a result. In another instance, in 2019, we received negative media coverage related to our subscription product as some of our restaurant partners did not view the discount terms offered to customers favorably. This movement took the form of the “logout” movement by a few restaurant partners as a result of which certain of our restaurant partners may have stopped availing our services and discontinued using our subscription product. We also face negative publicity on social media platforms and otherwise with respect to our delivery partners due to alleged instances of assault, food tampering and their payouts. In the recent past, there have been reports in the media on protests lodged by industry organisations against food delivery platforms run by companies such as ours, alleging high rates of commission charged on food orders placed on such platforms. Such reports also claim that an independent delivery and restaurant aggregator platform may be launched to compete with companies like ours. While we have addressed and continue to address the concerns raised by all our stakeholders, any such instances in the future could negatively impact our reputation and operations. 

As our platform continues to scale and public awareness of our brand increases, any future issues that draw media coverage could have an amplified negative effect on our reputation and brand. In addition, negative publicity related to key brands we have partnered or by any influencers may damage our reputation, even if the publicity is not directly related to us. Any negative publicity that we may receive could diminish confidence in, and the use of, our platform and may result in increased regulation and legislative scrutiny of industry practices as well as increased litigation, which may further increase our costs of doing business and adversely affect our brand. As a result, any impairment or damage to our brand, including as a result of these or other factors, could adversely affect our business, reputation, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 

In recent years, there has been a marked increase in the use of social media platforms in India, including blogs, social media websites and applications, and other forms of internet-based communications which allow individuals access to a broad audience of customers and other interested persons. Many social media platforms immediately publish the content that their subscribers and participants post, often without filters or checks on accuracy of the content posted. The dissemination of inaccurate information online could harm our business, reputation, prospects, financial condition and operating results, regardless of the information’s accuracy. The damage may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. Other risks associated with the use of social media include improper disclosure of proprietary information, negative comments about us, exposure of personally identifiable information, fraud, hoaxes or malicious exposure of false information. Such inappropriate, unverifiable or false information regarding us or our platform may be published online or on social media by third parties could increase our costs, lead to litigation or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

# **8. We face intense competition in food delivery and other businesses and if we are unable to compete effectively, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be adversely affected.** 

The markets in which we operate are intensely competitive and characterized by low costs of entry, shifting customer preferences, fragmentation and frequent introductions of new services and offerings. In particular, the Indian food delivery industry is fragmented and intensely competitive. According to the RedSeer, in India, we compete with other food delivery companies, such as Swiggy, chain restaurants that have their own online ordering platforms, such as Pizza Hut, McDonalds and Dominos, cloud kitchens like Rebel Foods, other restaurants that own and operate their own delivery fleets and companies that provide point of sale solutions and restaurant delivery services. In addition, we compete with traditional offline ordering channels, such as take-out offerings, telephone-based ordering, and paper menus that restaurants distribute to customers as well as advertising that restaurants place in local publications and digital media to attract customers. Further, we also face competition from mobile payment applications that facilitate food ordering. Our food delivery operations could also compete with hyperlocal logistics operators that can be availed of by restaurant partners. Changing traditional ordering habits is difficult, and if restaurants and customers do not embrace the transition to local food delivery as we expect, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

New restaurants and our existing restaurant partners may choose our competitors if they charge lower commissions, marketing or other fees, if our restaurant partners do not find our marketing and promotional services effective, or if our competitors provide more types of or more effective enabling services. 

Our current and future competitors may enjoy competitive advantages, such as greater name recognition, longer operating histories, greater category share in certain markets, market-specific knowledge, established relationships with local restaurants or local delivery businesses and larger existing customer bases in certain markets, more successful marketing capabilities, and substantially greater financial, technical, and other resources than we have. 

40 

Greater financial resources and product development capabilities may allow our competitors to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in restaurant, customer and delivery preferences that may render our platform less attractive or obsolete. If certain restaurant partners choose to partner with our competitors in a specific geographic market, or if restaurant partners choose to engage exclusively with our competitors, we may lack a sufficient variety and supply of restaurants options, or lack access to the most popular restaurants, such that our offerings would become less appealing to customers. Our competitors may also make acquisitions or establish cooperative or other strategic relationships among themselves or with others, including restaurants. 

Demand for our food delivery platform is highly sensitive to a range of factors, including, delivery charges charged by delivery partners, incentives given to delivery partners and the commissions we charge our restaurant partners. Many factors, including operating costs, legal and regulatory requirements, constraints or changes, and our current and future competitors’ pricing and marketing strategies, could significantly affect our pricing strategies. Certain of our competitors offer, or may in the future offer, lower-priced or a broader range of offerings. There can be no assurance that we will not be forced, through competition, regulation, or otherwise to reduce the delivery charges charged by delivery partners, increase the fees we pay to delivery partners for providing services through our platform, or further reduce the commissions we charge our restaurants partners, or to increase our marketing and other expenses to attract restaurant partners, customers, and delivery partners in response to competitive pressures. Our competitor base may increase with new entrants in the market and our competitors could also introduce new offerings with competitive price and performance characteristics or undertake more aggressive marketing campaigns than ours. Additionally, many of our competitors may be well capitalized and offer discounted services, lower restaurants commission rates, increase incentives for delivery services and introduce aggressive customer discounts and promotions, innovative platforms and offerings and alternative pay models, which may be more attractive than those that we offer. Such competitive pressures may lead us to maintain or lower our commission rates or maintain or increase our incentives, discounts, and promotions in order to remain competitive, particularly in markets where we do not have a leading position, thereby impacting our cash flows, financial condition and results of operation. 

# **9. There are low barriers to entry in our industry and the cost of switching between offerings is low, which could have a material adverse impact on our operations.** 

Within our industry, there are low barriers to entry and the cost of switching between offerings is low. Customers may have a propensity to shift to the lowest-cost provider and could use more than one platform, independent contractors who provide delivery services could use multiple platforms concurrently as they attempt to maximize earnings and restaurant partners could prefer to use the platform that offers the lowest commission rates and adopt more than one platform to maximize their volume of orders. As we and our competitors introduce new offerings and as existing offerings evolve, we expect to become subject to additional competition. Our restaurant partners could prefer to use platforms that offer low commission rates in the market. In addition, our competitors may adopt certain of our platform features or may adopt innovations that restaurant partners, delivery partners or customers value more highly than ours, which would render our platform less attractive and reduce our ability to differentiate our platform. Increased competition could result in, among other things, a reduction of the revenue we generate from the use of our platform, the number of participants on our platform, the frequency of use of our platform, and our margins. 

# **10. If we do not continue to innovate and further develop our platform or our platform developments do not perform, or we are not able to keep pace with technological developments, we may not remain competitive and our business and results of operations could suffer.** 

To remain competitive, we must continue to stay abreast of the constantly evolving industry trends and to enhance and improve the responsiveness, functionality and features of our mobile applications, websites and systems. In order to attract and retain customers and compete against our competitors, we must continue to invest significant resources in research and development to enhance our information technology and improve our existing services. The customer service industry and the customer service e-commerce industry are characterized by rapid technological evolution, changes in customer requirements and preferences, frequent introduction of new services and products embodying new technologies, and the emergence of new industry standards and practices, any of which could render our existing technologies and systems obsolete. In particular, wireless networks around the world have recently started to test 5G technology, the next phase of mobile telecommunications standards. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to identify, develop, acquire or license leading technologies useful in our business, and respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices in a cost-effective and timely way. The development of mobile applications, websites and other proprietary technology entails significant technical and business risks. There can be no assurance that we will be able to use new technologies effectively or adapt our mobile applications, websites, proprietary technologies and systems to meet customer requirements or emerging industry standards. If we are unable to adapt in a cost-effective and timely manner in response to changing market conditions or customer preferences, whether for technical, legal, financial or other reasons, our business may be materially and adversely affected. 

We have a track record of successfully expanding into new service categories. For example, in Fiscal 2019, we launched our Hyperpure operations which is our farm-to-fork supplies offering for restaurants in India. Developing 

41 

and launching enhancements to our platform and new services on our platform may also involve significant technical risks and upfront capital investments that may not generate return on investment. We may use new technologies ineffectively, or we may fail to adapt to emerging industry standards. If we face material delays in introducing new or enhanced platform features and services or if our recently introduced offerings do not perform in accordance with our expectations, the restaurant partners, customers, and delivery partner that utilize our platform may forego the use of our services in favor of those of our competitors. For example, due to the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic and its consequences, the Company discontinued its kitchens and/or related infrastructure services in Fiscal 2021. 

# **11. Failure to detect and deal effectively with any fraud perpetrated and fictitious transactions conducted on our platform could harm our business.** 

We face risks with respect to fraudulent activities engaged by restaurant partners on our platform. Restaurant partners may engage in fictitious transactions with themselves or collude with third parties in order to artificially inflate their sales records, popularity and search results rankings. Such activity may frustrate other restaurant partners by enabling the perpetrating restaurant partners to be favored over legitimate restaurant partners, and may harm customers by misleading them to believe that a restaurant is more reliable or trustworthy than the restaurant actually is. Although we have implemented strict measures to detect and penalize restaurant partners who engaged in fraudulent activities on our platform, there can be no assurance that such measures will be effective in preventing fraudulent transactions and that we will be able to detect fraudulent activities in general. 

We are subject to risks arising from various types of fraud, including use of stolen or fraudulent credit card data, referral fraud by both customers and delivery partners, fraud with respect to background checks, attempted payments by customers with insufficient funds, fraud committed by customers in concert with delivery partners, and account takeovers of delivery partners by bad actors. Bad actors use increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities involving personal information, such as unauthorized use of another person’s identity, account information, or payment information and unauthorized acquisition or use of credit or debit card details, bank account information, and mobile phone numbers. Under current credit card practices, we may be liable for orders facilitated on our platform with fraudulent credit card data, even if the associated financial institution approved the credit card transaction. Despite measures we have taken to detect and reduce the occurrence of fraudulent or other malicious activity on our platform, we cannot guarantee that any of our measures will be effective or will scale efficiently with our business. Our failure to adequately detect or prevent fraudulent transactions could harm our reputation or brand, result in litigation or regulatory action, and lead to expenses that could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

Moreover, illegal, fraudulent or collusive activities by our employees could also subject us to liability or negative publicity. We have discovered cases in which certain of our employees accepted payments from restaurants or other service providers in order to receive preferential treatment on our platform. Although the employees who have been found to be responsible for these incidents are no longer employed with us and we have implemented internal controls and policies with regard to the review and approval of restaurant accounts, sales activities and other relevant matters, we cannot assure you that our controls and policies will prevent fraud or illegal activity by our employees or that similar incidents will not occur in the future. Any illegal, fraudulent or collusive activity could severely damage our brand and reputation, which could drive customers away from our platform, and materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **12. Systems failures and resulting interruptions in the availability of our platform could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.** 

The proper functioning of our technology infrastructure is essential to the conduct of our business. Specifically, the satisfactory performance, reliability and availability of our platform, our transaction-processing systems and our network infrastructure are critical to our success and our ability to attract and retain customers and provide adequate services. 

It is critical to our success that all participants on our platform are able to access our platform, at all times. Our systems, or those of third parties upon which we rely, may experience service interruptions or degradation or other performance problems because of hardware and software defects or malfunctions, unexpected high volume of transactions, distributed denial-of-service and other cyberattacks, infrastructure changes, human error, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, natural disasters, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications services, unauthorized access, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks, legal or regulatory takedowns, computer viruses, ransomware, malware, or other events. Our systems also may be subject to break-ins, sabotage, theft and intentional acts of vandalism, including by our own employees. Some of our systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Our business interruption insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our losses that may result from interruptions in our service as a result of systems failures and similar events. 

We have experienced and will likely continue to experience system failures and other events or conditions from time 

42 

to time that interrupt the availability or reduce or affect the speed or functionality of our platform. These system failures generally occur either as a result of software updates being deployed with unexpected errors or as a result of temporary infrastructure failures related to storage, network, or computing capacity being exhausted. Further, in some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within an acceptable period of time. Even a minor interruption in the availability or reduction in the availability, speed, or other functionality of our platform could adversely affect our business and reputation and could result in the loss of customers. 

The software underlying our platform is highly complex and may contain undetected errors or vulnerabilities, some of which may only be discovered at a subsequent stage or may not get discovered at all. Our practice is to release frequent software updates. Any third-party software that we integrate into our platform, may also be subject to errors or vulnerabilities. Any errors, vulnerabilities or infringements discovered in our code or from third-party software after release could result in negative publicity, a loss of customer or loss of revenue, legal proceedings, and access or other performance issues. Such vulnerabilities could also be exploited by malicious actors and result in exposure of data of the participants on our platform, or otherwise result in a security breach or other security incident. We may need to expend significant financial and development resources to analyze, correct, eliminate, or work around errors or defects or to address and eliminate vulnerabilities. Any failure to timely and effectively resolve any such errors, defects, or vulnerabilities could adversely affect our business, reputation, brand, financial condition, cash flows and results of operation s. See “ _- Unfavorable media coverage could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations_ ” on page 39 for instances of negative media publicity. 

# **13. Security breaches and attacks against our platform, and any potentially resulting breach or failure to otherwise protect confidential and proprietary information, could damage our reputation and negatively impact our business, as well as materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.** 

Our business generates, stores and processes a large quantity of personal, transaction, demographic and behavioral data. We face risks inherent in handling large volumes of data and in protecting the security of such data. In particular, we face a number of challenges relating to data from transactions and other activities on our platform, including protecting the data in and hosted on our system, including against attacks on our system by outside parties or fraudulent behavior by our employees; addressing concerns related to privacy and sharing, safety, security and other factors; and complying with applicable laws, rules and regulations relating to the collection, use, disclosure or security of personal information, including any requests from regulatory and government authorities relating to such data. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with our posted privacy policies or with any regulatory requirements or privacy protection-related laws, rules and regulations could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and business. 

Although we have employed significant resources to develop security measures against breaches, such measures may not detect or prevent all attempts to compromise our systems, including distributed denial-of-service attacks, viruses, malicious software, break-ins, phishing attacks, social engineering, security breaches or other attacks and similar disruptions that may jeopardize the security of information stored in and transmitted by our systems or that we otherwise maintain. Breaches of our cybersecurity measures could result in unauthorized access to our systems, misappropriation of information or data, deletion or modification of customer information, or a denial of service or other interruption to our business operations. As techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage systems change frequently and may not be known until launched against us or our third-party service providers, we may be unable to anticipate, or implement adequate measures to protect against, these attacks. 

We may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or prevent rapidly evolving types of cyberattacks. Cyber-attacks may target us, the participants on our platform, or the communication infrastructure on which we depend. We have in the past and are likely again in the future to be subject to these types of attacks. For instance, in May 2017 a hacker gained access to our database and placed certain categories of data, such as customer IDs, usernames, email addresses and password hashes of a large number of our customers for sale on the dark web. While we augmented our security systems, informed the customers and the Indian Computer Emergency Response Team, Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology regarding the breach, and were able to retrieve the data, any such instances in the future and our inability to avert these attacks and security breaches, could subject us to significant legal and financial liability, our reputation would be harmed and we could sustain substantial revenue loss from lost sales and customer dissatisfaction. Actual or anticipated attacks and risks may cause us to incur significantly higher costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and network protection technologies, train employees, and engage third-party experts and consultants. 

# **14. Regulatory, legislative or self-regulatory/standard developments regarding privacy and data security matters could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business.** 

We are subject to domestic and international laws relating to the collection, use, retention, security and transfer of personally identifiable information with respect to our customers and employees. Several jurisdictions have passed laws in this area, and other jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions. These laws continue to 

43 

develop and may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Complying with emerging and changing international requirements may cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices. 

With the proposed enactment of the Personal Data Protection Bill, 2019 (“ **PDP Bill** ”), and the ongoing regulatory discussions along proposed Indian regulation to govern non-personal data, the privacy and data protection laws are set to be closely administered in India, and we may become subject to additional potential compliance requirements. The PDP Bill proposes a legal framework governing the processing of personal data, where such data has been collected, disclosed, shared or otherwise processed within India, as well as any processing of personal data by the GoI, Indian companies, Indian citizens or any person or body of persons incorporated or created under Indian law. The PDP Bill defines personal data and sensitive personal data, prescribes rules for collecting, storing and processing of such data and creates rights and obligations of data-subjects and processors. The Indian Government has also been mooting a legislation governing non-personal data. In September 2019, the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology formed a committee of experts (“ **NPD Committee** ”) to recommend a regulatory regime to govern non-personal data (“ **NPD** ”). The NPD Committee has released two reports till date, which recommend, among other items, a framework to govern NPD (defined as any data other than personal data), access and sharing of NPD with government and corporations alike and a registration regime and for “data businesses”, being business that collect, process or store data, both personal and non-personal. 

As part of our operations, we are required to comply with the IT Act and the rules thereof, which provides for civil and criminal liability including compensation to persons affected, penalties and imprisonment for various cyber related offenses, including unauthorized disclosure of confidential information and failure to protect sensitive personal data. India has already implemented certain privacy laws, including the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011 and recently introduced the Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines and Digital Media Ethics Code) Rules, 2021, which impose limitations and restrictions on the collection, use, disclosure and transfer of personal information. For further details, see “ _Key Regulations and Policies in India_ ” on page 158. 

# **15. The deployment of Net Proceeds towards our organic or inorganic growth initiatives may not take place within the period currently intended, and may be reduced or extended.** 

Our Company proposes to utilise the Net Proceeds towards, _inter alia_ , funding organic and inorganic growth initiatives as permitted under the Memorandum of Association. We propose to utilise at least 40% of the Net Proceeds towards organic growth initiatives comprising customer and user acquisition, along with investments in technology and delivery infrastructure. In addition, we intend to utilise the remaining portion of the Net Proceeds earmarked for growth initiatives towards acquisitions and other strategic initiatives, with a view to enhance our geographical presence, expand our service offerings and delivery capabilities across a broader domain. For further details, see “ _Objects of the Offer – Details of the Objects_ ” on page 115. Accordingly, our decision to utilise the Net Proceeds towards one form of growth initiative (organic/ inorganic) over the other may have an impact on our cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Further, in the event the portion of the Net Proceeds to be utilised for the inorganic growth initiatives are insufficient, we may have to seek alternative sources of funding. See “ _- In the event that our Net Proceeds to be utilised towards inorganic growth initiatives are insufficient for the cost of our proposed inorganic acquisition, we may have to seek alternative forms of funding_ ” on page 63. 

As the Net Proceeds are not proposed to be utilized towards implementing any specific project, a schedule of deployment of funds in relation to the Objects has not been provided in this Red Herring Prospectus. While we intend to deploy the Net Proceeds towards the Objects over the next five Financial Years from listing of the Equity Shares pursuant to the Offer, and as described in the section titled “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on page 114, the actual deployment of funds will depend on a number of factors, including market conditions, our Board’s analysis of economic trends and business requirements, competitive landscape, ability to identify and consummate inorganic growth opportunities as well as general factors affecting our results of operations, financial condition and access to capital. Depending upon such factors, we may, subject to applicable law, have to reduce or extend the deployment period for the stated Objects beyond the estimated five Financial Years, at the discretion of our management. We cannot assure you that the deployment of Net Proceeds will take place within the five Financial Years from listing of Equity Shares, as currently intended. 

44 

# **16. We have experienced negative cash flows in prior years.** 

We have experienced negative cash flows from operations in the recent past. Our consolidated cash flow for Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021 are set forth in the table below. 

|||**Fiscal**<br>||
|---|---|---|---|
||**2021**<br>|**2020**<br>_(₹ in millions)_<br>|**2019**<br>|
|Net cash used in operating activities|(10,179.31)|(21,436.32)|(17,429.49)|
|Net cash flows (used in)/from investing activities|(52,436.19)|17,352.18|(12,742.51)|
|Net cash flow from financing activities|64,018.97|3,589.11|31,305.49|
|**Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year**|**3,065.46**|**1,672.00**|**2,124.15**|



Our net cash flows used in operating activities increased from ₹17,429.49 million in the Fiscal 2019 to ₹21,436.32 million in Fiscal 2020 and decreased to ₹10,179.31 million in Fiscal 2021, primarily because we recorded losses in Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021, as we were investing in expanding our operations during the said periods. Net cash flows used in investing activities for Fiscal 2021 was ₹52,436.19 million, which primarily included investments in bank deposits (having maturity of more than three months) of ₹48,993.62 million and payment to acquire liquid mutual fund units of ₹83,408.77 million, which was partially offset by redemption of bank deposits (having maturity of more than three months) of ₹14,957.30 million and redemption of liquid mutual fund units of ₹65,207.79 million. Net cash flows used in investing activities for Fiscal 2019 was ₹12,742.51 million, which primarily included payment to acquire liquid mutual fund units of ₹40,868.15 million, which was partially offset by proceeds from the sale of liquid mutual fund units of ₹28,246.33 million. 

Any negative cash flows in the future could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. See “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations_ ” on page 310 for more details. 

# **17. We rely on third-party service providers to deliver our services to customers, restaurant partners and delivery partners on our platform, and any disruption of or interference with our use of that service could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.** 

We currently avail services from third-party service providers, such as, customer and back-end support services (such as menu digitization, onboarding of delivery partners, accounts payables, call centers) and third-party delivery services to operate our platform. We do not have control over the operations of the facilities of these service providers that we use. The service providers’ facilities may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, cybersecurity attacks, terrorist attacks, power outages, and similar events or acts of misconduct. Our platform’s continuing and uninterrupted performance is critical to our success. We have experienced, and expect that in the future we will experience, interruptions, delays, and outages in service and availability from time to time due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, website hosting disruptions, and capacity constraints. In addition, any changes or disruption in service levels may adversely affect our ability to meet the requirements of customers, restaurant partners and delivery partners on our platform. Since our platform’s continuing and uninterrupted performance is critical to our success, sustained or repeated system failures would reduce the attractiveness of our platform. It may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve our performance, especially during peak usage times, in the event our service levels do not increase at the same pace as we expand and the usage of our platform increases. These instances could lead to a significant short-term loss of revenue, increase our costs, and impair our ability to attract new customers, any of which could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. 

# **18. Failure to generate and maintain sufficient high quality customer generated content could negatively impact our business.** 

Customers use our dining-out offerings to search and discover restaurants, read and write reviews and view and upload photos, book a table and make payments while dining-out at restaurants. Our success depends on our ability to attract customers by providing customers with the information they seek, which in turn depends on the quantity and quality of the customer generated content (“ **CGC** ”) provided by our content contributors. We may be unable to provide customers with the information if our customers do not contribute content that is helpful and reliable, or if they remove 

45 

content they previously submitted. If our platform, mobile applications and website do not provide current information or if customers perceive reviews on our platform as less relevant or unreliable, our brand and our business could be harmed. If we are unable to provide customers with the information they are looking for, or if they can find equivalent or better content or other services, they may stop or reduce their use of our platform and traffic to our platform may decline. If our customer traffic declines, restaurants may stop or reduce the amount of marketing activities on our platform, or switch over to our competitors’ platform completely and our business could be harmed. 

Additionally, any inappropriate or illegal CGC posted on our platform by our customers may be subject to regulatory take-down orders, increased customer complaints or legal proceedings which may further impair our brand and adversely affect our business. 

# **19. If we are unable to make acquisitions of and invest in complementary businesses, assets and technologies, or successfully integrate them into our business, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected.** 

We have acquired and invested in businesses, technologies, services and products in recent years, such as the acquisition of CTPL and Tonguestun in 2018, the acquisition of Uber Eats India Assets by our Company in 2020, the acquisition of Jogo in 2021. We believe that we have benefitted from these acquisitions, some of which have resulted in an increase in our customer base and in our market share. In some instances, our technological capabilities have been enhanced to support our operations, such as through the CTPL acquisition. We expect to continue to evaluate and consider a wide array of strategic alliances, investments and acquisitions in line with our overall business strategy. These transactions involve significant challenges and risks, including: (i) difficulties in identifying suitable acquisition targets and competition from other potential acquirers; (ii) difficulties in determining the appropriate purchase price of acquired businesses, which may result in potential impairment of goodwill; (iii) potential increases in debt, which may increase our finance costs as a result of higher interest payments; (iv) exposure to unanticipated contingent liabilities of acquired businesses; (v) receipt of requisite governmental, statutory and other regulatory approvals for any proposed acquisition; (vi) risks and cost associated with the litigations of the acquired businesses; and (vi) not realizing the benefits from certain investments, or certain investments not resulting in immediate returns. 

Furthermore, integration of newly acquired businesses may be costly and time-consuming, and each acquisition could present us with significant risks and difficulties in integration, including, for example, in: 

- integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired businesses and implementing uniform IT systems, controls, procedures and policies; 

- retaining relationships with key employees, customers and suppliers of the acquired businesses; 

- achieving the anticipated synergies and strategic or financial benefits from the acquisitions; 

- for investments over which we do not obtain management and operational control, we may lack influence over the controlling partner or shareholder, which may prevent us from achieving our strategic goals in such investment; 

- new regulatory requirements and compliance risks that we become subject to as a result of acquisitions in new industries or otherwise; 

- actual or alleged misconduct or non-compliance by any company we acquire or invest in (or by its affiliates) that occurred prior to our acquisition or investment, which may lead to negative publicity, government inquiry or investigations against such company or against us; and 

- regulatory requirements including in relation to the anti-monopoly and competition laws, rules and regulations of India or outside India and other countries in connection with any proposed investments and acquisitions. 

In the past, basis our annual impairment testing, we had to impair goodwill on acquisitions that have not worked in the manner as we had expected them to work for us. Amongst the acquisitions mentioned above, we had to impair goodwill recognized on account of the TongueStun acquisition amounting to ₹ 823.67 million in Fiscal 2020 as the corporate cafeteria business was impacted due to the COVID-19 pandemic with offices switching to a work from home model. There has been no impairment of goodwill on any of the recent acquisitions in Fiscal 2021. However, there is no assurance that we will not have to account for such impairments in the future. Any such developments described above could disrupt our existing business and have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

46 

# **20. Our sales and marketing efforts to attract customers and restaurants may turn out to be ineffective.** 

We have invested significantly in sales and marketing activities to promote our brand and our services and to deepen our relationships with customers and restaurant partners. We incurred advertisement and sales promotion expenses of ₹12,359.60 million, ₹13,384.28 million and ₹5,270.60 million in Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021 respectively. Such advertisement and sales promotion expenses represented 88.43%, 48.80% and 24.88% of our total income in the corresponding periods. For further details, see “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations - Fiscal 2021 compared to Fiscal 2020 - Other expenses_ ” on page 318 and “ _Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations - Fiscal 2020 compared to Fiscal 2019 - Other expenses_ ” on page 319. Our marketing efforts currently include discounts, promotions, appeasement credits, refunds, branding, digital marketing, partnerships, display advertising, television, billboards, radio, video, direct mail, social media, email, podcasts, hiring and classified advertisement websites, mobile “push” communications, search engine optimization, and keyword search campaigns. Our marketing initiatives may become increasingly expensive and generating a meaningful return on these initiatives may be difficult. Even if we successfully increase revenue as a result of our paid marketing efforts, it may not offset the additional marketing expenses we incur. If our marketing efforts to help grow our business are not effective, we expect that our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations would be adversely affected. In addition, our sales and marketing activities may not be well received by customers and restaurants, and may not attract additional customers and restaurants as anticipated. 

The evolving marketing approaches and tools may require us to experiment with new marketing methods to keep pace with industry trends and customer and restaurant preferences. Failure to refine our existing marketing approaches or to introduce new effective marketing approaches in a cost-effective manner could reduce our market share and negatively impact our results of operations. In addition, we have a limited operating history in the new service categories we offer. There is no assurance that we will be able to recover costs of our sales and marketing activities or that these activities will be effective in generating new customers and restaurants for us. 

# **21.** 

# **The wide variety of payment methods that we accept subjects us to third-party payment processing-related risks.** 

Our online payment options include certain non-cash options such as, e-wallets and credit and debit cards, digital wallets, UPI Payment, prepaid meal cards or transfers from an online bank account. For third-party payment methods and credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other service fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs. Any disruption in the functioning of our third party payment channels, even if caused due to factors completely external to us, can adversely affect our brand and reputation. We may also be subject to fraud, chargeback, security breaches and other illegal activities in connection with the various payment methods we offer. In addition, we are subject to various rules, regulations and requirements, regulatory or otherwise, governing payment processing, which could change or be reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for us to comply. If we or our third party payment gateway operators fail to comply with these rules or requirements, we may be subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept electronic payments from our customers, process electronic funds transfers or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

Some of our agreements with e-wallets and other payment gateways also require us to pay interest for our Company’s default or delay or omission in payments of amounts towards commission, refunds, chargeback or other amounts payable, that are to be reimbursed to these e-wallets or payment gateways. Certain of our e-wallet, bank/network agreements also prohibit the sale of certain items on our platform, such as, narcotics, vapes, prohibited wildlife, current notes, among others. In the event that any of our restaurant partners sell any such goods, our e-wallet partners may declare a default. In addition, payment system providers may also impose limits on the amounts that may be expended from an e-wallet to satisfy orders on our platform. 

We also provide the option for cash on delivery which may subject us to risks of cash pilferage and orders returned without reason. In Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021, we received 27%, 31% and 17% of payments for orders on our platform from cash on delivery, respectively, with the remaining through online payments. Additionally, our thirdparty payment processor requires us to comply with payment card network operating rules, which are set and interpreted by the payment card networks. The payment card networks could adopt new operating rules or interpret or reinterpret existing rules in ways that might prohibit us from providing certain services to some customers, be costly to implement, or difficult to follow. If we fail to comply with these rules or regulations, we may be subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept credit and debit card payments from customers or facilitate other types of online payments, and our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be adversely affected. We have also agreed to reimburse our third-party payment processor for any reversals, fraudulent credit card charges, chargebacks, and fines they are assessed by payment card networks if we violate these rules. Also, there can be no assurance that private information of our customers, restaurant partners or delivery partners will be protected on third-party payment gateways. Any of the foregoing risks could adversely affect our business, 

47 

financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **22. We rely on the skills and experience of our senior management, other key personnel and employees and the loss of our team members could have a materially adverse impact on business operations.** 

Our success is significantly dependent upon the continued service of our Founder and key management as well as other experienced personnel generally. If we lose the services of any of the members of key management, we may not be able to locate suitable or qualified replacements, and may incur additional expenses to recruit and train new personnel, which could severely disrupt our business and growth. If any of our key managerial personnel joins a competitor or forms a competing business, we may lose customers, know-how and key professionals and staff members. Further, if any dispute arises between any of the members of our management and us, we may have to incur substantial costs and expenses in order to enforce any confidentiality, non-compete or similar provisions in our agreements with our Founder or key managerial personnel in India, or we may be unable to enforce them at all. 

We face intense competition for highly skilled employees especially as part of our product & technology team. As of March 31, 2021, we had 545 employees as part of our product & technology team. For further details on our employees, see “ _Our Business - Employees_ ” on page 150. To attract and retain top talent, we have had to offer, and we believe we will need to continue to offer, competitive compensation and benefits packages. Competition for talent in the Indian internet industry is intense, and we may need to offer more attractive compensations and other benefits packages to attract and retain them. 

We may need to invest significant amounts of cash and equity to attract and retain new employees and expend significant time and resources to identify, recruit, train, and integrate such employees, and we may never realize returns on these investments. For example, in Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021 our attrition rate in India was 42%, 33% and 18%, respectively. In Fiscal 2019, our attrition rate was comparatively high primarily because in Fiscal 2019, we employed a large team of support staff that are usually prone to high attrition. We believe our attrition rate has since then reduced with our support staff decreasing on account of increased automation and outsourcing in our operations. During Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021, three key management persons had resigned from our Company. For details of changes in Key Managerial Personnel in the last three years, please see the section titled “ _Our Management - Changes in our Key Managerial Personnel in the last three years_ ” on page 208. If we are unable to effectively manage our hiring needs or successfully integrate and retain new hires, our efficiency, ability to meet forecasts, and employee morale, productivity, and engagement could suffer, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **23. We rely on restaurant partners and other participants on our platform to provide quality services to customers. Their illegal or unauthorized actions or misconduct, or any failure by them to provide satisfactory services or maintain their service levels, could materially and adversely affect our business, reputation, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.** 

We rely upon restaurant partners on our platform and delivery partners to provide food to customers. If these restaurant partners experience difficulty servicing customer demand, producing quality goods, or meeting our other requirements or standards, or experience problems with their point-of-sale or other technologies, our reputation and brand could be damaged. Further, an increase in restaurant operating costs could cause restaurant partners on our platform to raise prices, renegotiate commission rates, withdraw discounts or cease operations, which could in turn adversely affect our operational costs and efficiency. If restaurant partners on our platform were to cease operations, temporarily or permanently, we may not be able to provide customers with sufficient restaurant selection, which we expect would reduce the number of customers on our platform. Many of the factors affecting restaurant operating costs, including off-premise costs and prices, are beyond the control of restaurant partners and include inflation, costs associated with the goods provided, labor and employee benefit costs, rent costs, and energy costs. Additionally, if restaurant partners try to pass along increased operating costs and raise prices to customers, order volume may decline, which we expect would adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

In addition, our partners may operate contrary to, or in breach of the terms of their agreements with us. For instance, our restaurant partners may not confirm orders placed by customers (including for reasons beyond their control, such as network/ telecom disruptions) leading to cancelled orders; provide preferential treatment towards walk-in customers, or customers who call in directly to place orders; subject customers on our platform to unsolicited marketing or other communication; remove items from their published menus without informing us; prepare food items through methods not in compliance with applicable law or quality control standards; use non-Zomato branded packaging material; or utilize infrastructure provided by us in an unauthorized manner. While we have contractual recourse in case of such actions, any impairment of the quality and reputation by our popular restaurant partners for such reasons may lead to lesser orders from customers, thereby adversely affecting our revenues, cash flows, reputation, business and results of operation. 

In addition to the services provided by restaurant partners on our platform, we also rely on a large number of other 

48 

participants in our network, such as delivery partners to perform the on-demand delivery services and online marketing service providers, to provide various services to restaurant partners. To the extent they are unable to provide satisfactory services to customers or restaurant partners, which may be due to events that are beyond our or their control, such as inclement weather or transportation disruptions, we may suffer reputational damage, and our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 

The delivery partners that we work with may also subject us to additional risks. For example, we may be exposed to claims for personal injury, death or property damage resulting from traffic accidents caused by delivery partners in performing their services. Such incidents may cause negative publicity in the local community and may negatively affect our brand image and reputation. In addition, as delivery partners interact directly with our customers, we may suffer substantial reputational harm from any misconduct, illegal actions or crimes committed by them. In the recent past, there have been widely publicized reports and accounts on social media on misconduct, unprofessional and on occasion, allegedly illegal behavior by our delivery partners, including physical assault, vehicular accidents, usage of abusive language, delay in delivery of, and pilferage of orders. If we are unable to effectively address these risks, our brand image, reputation, cash flows and financial performance may be materially and adversely affected. 

# **24. We rely on mobile operating systems and application marketplaces to make our applications available to participants that utilize our platform, and if we do not effectively operate with or receive favourable placements within such application marketplaces and maintain high customers’ reviews, our usage or brand recognition could decline and our business, financial results, cash flows and results of operations could be adversely affected.** 

We depend on mobile operating systems, such as Android and iOS, and their respective application marketplaces to make our applications available to all participants that utilize our platform. Any changes in such systems and policies of the app stores could adversely affect distribution, accessibility and availability of our mobile applications. If such mobile operating systems or application marketplaces limit or prohibit us from making our platform available to participants that utilize our platform, make changes that degrade the functionality of our applications, increase the cost of using our platform, mobile applications or website, impose terms of use unsatisfactory to us, or modify their search or ratings algorithms in ways that are detrimental to us, or if our competitors’ placement in such mobile operating systems’ application marketplace is more prominent than the placement of our applications, our customer growth could slow down. Our mobile applications have experienced fluctuations in the past, and we anticipate similar fluctuations in the future. Any of the foregoing risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

As new mobile devices and mobile platforms are released, there is no guarantee that certain mobile devices will continue to support our platform or effectively roll out updates to our applications. Additionally, in order to deliver high-quality applications, we need to ensure that our platform are designed to work effectively with a range of mobile technologies, systems, networks, and standards. We may not be successful in developing or maintaining relationships with key participants in the mobile industry that enhance customer experience. If restaurant partners, customers, or delivery partner that utilize our platform encounter any difficulty accessing or using our applications on their mobile devices or if we are unable to adapt to changes in popular mobile operating systems, we expect that our customer growth and customer engagement would be adversely affected. 

# **25. There are pending litigations against our Company, Subsidiaries, and certain of our Directors. Any adverse decision in such proceedings may render us/them liable to liabilities/penalties and may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and reputation.** 

Certain legal proceedings involving our Company, subsidiaries of our Company, and certain of our Directors are pending at different levels of adjudication before various courts, tribunals and authorities. In the event of adverse rulings in these proceedings or consequent levy of penalties, we may need to make payments or make provisions for future payments, which may increase expenses and current or contingent liabilities and adversely affect our reputation. Our Company is in the process of litigating these matters, and based on the assessment in accordance with Ind AS 37, our Company has presently not made provision for any of the pending legal proceedings. Further, ₹957.40 million as of March 31, 2021 has been reflected as contingent liabilities as per Ind AS 37 with respect to the outstanding litigations. 

A summary of outstanding litigation proceedings involving our Company, Subsidiaries and Directors, as disclosed in “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 326, in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the materiality policy approved by our Board pursuant to a resolution dated April 12, 2021, as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus is provided below: 

|**Type of Proceeding**|**Number of cases**|**Amount involved (in ₹ million)^ **|
|---|---|---|
|**_Litigation involving our Company_**|||
|Material civil litigation proceedings|Nil|Nil|



49 

|**Type of Proceeding**|**Number of cases**|**Amount involved (in ₹ million)^**|
|---|---|---|
|<br>Criminal proceedings|2|<br>72.79**|
|Actions initiated by regulatory and statutory authorities|6|Not quantifiable|
|Taxation matters (Indirect taxation)|4<sup>@@</sup>|1,057.04<sup>@@</sup>*|
|Other civil proceedings|3^^|Not quantifiable|
|**_Litigation involving our Subsidiaries_**|||
|<br>Material civil litigation proceedings|Nil|Nil|
|<br>Criminal proceedings|Nil|Nil|
|<br>Actions initiated byregulatoryand statutoryauthorities|3|Notquantifiable|
|Taxation matters (direct and indirect taxation)|5|32.84*<sup>#@$</sup>|
|**_Litigation against our Directors_**|||
|Civil proceedings|1|2,758.48|
|Criminal proceedings|1|72.79**|
|Actions initiated byregulatoryand statutoryauthorities|Nil|Nil|
|Taxation matters|1|31.02|
|**_Litigation by our Directors_**|||
|Civil proceedings|Nil|Nil|
|Criminal proceedings|Nil|Nil|
|Actions initiated byregulatoryand statutoryauthorities|Nil|Nil|
|Taxation matters|Nil|Nil|



_^ To the extent ascertainable._ 

_* Exclusive of interest and penalty, unless stated otherwise._ 

> _@@ Includes a show cause notice issued in relation to rejection by the Deputy Commissioner, Central Tax Division, Gurugram of the refund claim filed by our Company for excess GST paid of ₹ 93.59 million._ 

_^^Three civil suits filed against our Company by Bharat Bhandari before the District Court, Patiala, District Court, Jalandhar, and the District Court, Amritsar, respectively. For details, see “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving our Company – Others – (2)” on page 328._ 

_# ₹ 5.75 million and ₹.1.47 million already paid to the relevant authority in respect of direct tax and indirect tax disputes, respectively._ 

> _@ ^ Conversion rates for tax demands in foreign currency from subsidiaries of our Company: 1 PHP = ₹ 1.5077, 1 AED =_ ` _19.9335._ 

_$ Includes a penalty of AED 50,000 levied on a subsidiary of our Company by the Federal Tax Authority, UAE Government for allegedly not meeting certain requirements of the economic substance test as prescribed._ 

_** Amount quantifiable only in respect of one proceeding out of the two. Our Company has already paid an amount of approximately ₹ 61.87 million out of the ₹ 72.79 million to the complainant in accordance with the settlement agreement entered into for settling the dispute._ 

For further details see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments_ ” on page 326. We cannot assure you that any of the outstanding litigation matters will be settled in our favor, or that no additional liability will arise out of these proceedings. 

In addition to the above, we could also be adversely affected by complaints, claims or legal actions brought by persons, including before consumer forums or sector-specific or other regulatory authorities in the ordinary course or otherwise, in relation to our services, our technology and/or intellectual property, our branding or marketing efforts or campaigns or our policies. Actions or claims may also be initiated against us for any health problems or other consequences caused by the products offered by our partners, including any ingredients in such products, or on account of any issues faced during delivery. There can be no assurance that such complaints or claims will not result in investigations, enquiries or legal actions by any regulatory authority against us. 

# **26. Our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel have interests in our Company in addition to their remuneration and reimbursement of expenses.** 

Our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel are interested in our Company to the extent of their respective shareholding in our Company as well as to the extent of any employee stock options, dividends, bonus or other distributions on such Equity Shares. Certain of our Directors, namely Sanjeev Bikhchandani and Douglas Lehman Feagin, are nominees of some of our shareholders namely, Info Edge and Alipay, and we have had related party transactions with such shareholders. For details of related party transactions as per Ind AS 24 read with SEBI ICDR Regulations during the Financial Years ended March 31, 2019, March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021, see “ _Other Financial Information – Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 307. Accordingly, these Directors may also said to be interested to the extent of such transactions. See “ _Capital Structure – Shareholding Pattern of our Company_ ” on page 99. For details on the interests of our Directors and Key Managerial Personnel, other than reimbursement of expenses incurred or normal remuneration or benefits, see “ _Our Management – Interests of Directors_ ” on page 201 and “ _Our Management – Interests of Key Managerial Personnel_ ” on page 209 . 

50 

# **27. The price at which our Company has issued Equity Shares during the last one year from the date of this Red Herring Prospectus may not be indicative of the future price.** 

Details of issuances of Equity Shares by our Company during the last one year are set out below: 

|**Date of**<br>**Allotment**|**Number of**<br>**Equity Shares**<br>**Allotted**|**Face**<br>**Value**<br>**(₹)**|**Issue price**<br>**per Equity**<br>**Share (₹)**|**Nature of**<br>**consideration**|**Nature of**<br>**allotment**|**Allotees**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|August 22,<br>2020|12,015|1|153,272.90|Cash|Private<br>placement|Allotment of 12,015 Equity<br>Shares<br>to<br>Foodiebay<br>Employees ESOP Trust (ESOP<br>2014)|
|February<br>4, 2021|192|1|300,235|Cash|Private<br>placement|Allotment<br>of<br>167<br>Equity<br>Shares to Manoj Kumar Kohli<br>and 25 Equity Shares to<br>Anshoo Sharma|
|March<br>1,<br>2021|1,576|1|155,690.27|NA|Private<br>Placement|Allotment<br>of<br>868<br>Equity<br>Shares to SRI Capital Fund I<br>L.P., 468 Equity Shares to<br>Secure<br>Smart<br>Trust,<br>149<br>Equity<br>Shares<br>to<br>Sprout<br>Venture Partners Fund I and 91<br>Equity Shares to Appyhigh<br>Technology LLP in the ratio of<br>0.11 Equity Shares allotted for<br>1<br>equity<br>share<br>of<br>Jogo<br>Technologies Private Limited|
|April<br>6,<br>2021|2,354,544,423|1|-|NA|Bonus issue in<br>the ratio of 6,699<br>bonus<br>Equity<br>Shares for every<br>one Equity Share<br>held<br>in<br>the<br>Company|All<br>shareholders<br>holding<br>Equity Shares in the Company|
|April<br>6,<br>2021|4,306,073,250|1|NA|NA|Conversion<br>of<br>all<br>classes<br>of<br>convertible<br>preference<br>shares<br>of<br>the<br>Company|Allotment of Equity Shares to<br>the<br>respective<br>holders<br>of<br>convertible preference shares<br>of the Company pursuant to<br>conversion<br>of<br>each<br>such<br>convertible preference shares,<br>in<br>accordance<br>with<br>the<br>conversion formula specified<br>for such class of preference<br>shares.<br>For<br>further<br>details,<br>see<br>“_Capital_<br>_Structure_<br>_–_<br>_Preference Share Capital_” on<br>page 89.|



As on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, the Selling Shareholder holds 18.52% of the pre-Offer Equity Share capital of our Company on a fully diluted basis (inclusive of vested options under ESOP 2018 and ESOP 2021). The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares held by the Selling Shareholder is ₹1.16 per Equity Share. Further, the post-Offer holding of Equity Shares by the Selling Shareholder of our Company on a fully diluted basis (inclusive of vested options under ESOP 2018 and ESOP 2021), as determined upon finalisation of Basis of Allotment, is [●]. The price at which Equity Shares have been issued by our Company in the immediately preceding year is not indicative of the price at which they will be issued or traded after the Offer. For further information refer to the section “ _Capital Structure”_ on page 86. 

51 

# **28. Failure to obtain or maintain or renew licenses, registrations, permits and approvals in a timely manner or at all may adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations.** 

As part of our business and operations in India and abroad, we are required to obtain various licenses and permits to run our business some of which may expire in the ordinary course and for which we would be required to apply to obtain the approval or its renewal. For further details of material consents, licenses, permissions, registrations and approvals from the Government of India, various governmental agencies and other statutory and/ or regulatory authorities, of our Company and our Material Subsidiary, see “ _Government and Other Approvals_ ” on page 331. 

While we have obtained a significant number of approvals, licenses, registrations and permits from the relevant authorities including the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (“ **FSSAI** ”) (which are typically valid for a period between one to two years from the date of grant), we have yet to receive or apply for certain approvals, licenses, registrations, permits or renewals, including in relation to certain of our facilities. For example, we have applied for shops and establishment registrations for certain of our newly opened offices (which are typically valid for a period between one to five years from the date of grant) and we have made applications to relevant authorities for updating the name of our Company in current registrations and approvals, pursuant to the conversion of our Company into a public company. Such applications include employee state insurance registrations, employee provident fund registrations, professional tax registration and labour welfare fund registrations (which are typically valid in perpetuity). Any delay in receipt or the non-receipt of approvals, licenses, registrations, permits or their renewals could affect our related operations. Any changes in rules and regulations issued by the FSSAI or other government or regulatory authority in relation to the food industry, including delivery and distribution of food products, may adversely affect our business. Further, certain notices have been issued against our Company and our Material Subsidiary by Food and Drugs Administration departments for, _inter alia_ , listing restaurants that had not obtained requisite licenses under the Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation against our Company - Outstanding actions initiated by regulatory and statutory authorities_ ” on page 327. 

While we have entered into arrangements with third parties with respect to employee related statutory compliances to be made on behalf of our Company, any failure to retain or renew our licenses and permits or to pay related statutory dues in a timely manner by us or such third parties could subject us to fines or sanctions which would require us to incur additional cost and would adversely affect our business and results of operations. Further, our government approvals and licenses are subject to certain conditions and ongoing compliance; if we fail to comply or a regulator alleges that we have not complied with such conditions, our business, prospects, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. Additionally, unfavorable changes in or interpretations of existing, or the promulgation of new laws governing our business and operations, including in the telecom and e- commerce sectors in India could require us to obtain additional licenses and approvals. For instance, in respect of our customer and vendor communications through telephone calls and messages, we are required to register as a sender in respect of commercial communications and comply with extensive obligations under the relevant regulations. 

In addition, regulatory authorities could also impose notices and other orders on us in case of non-possession of licenses. 

# **29. We may be unable to renew our existing leases or secure new leases for our existing offices.** 

The Registered Office, Corporate Office and our other offices and certain of our facilities across the country are located on leased properties. Certain of the lease deeds for the properties in which our offices and facilities are located and may have expired or may not be adequately stamped or registered. While we renew these lease agreements and deeds periodically in the ordinary course of business, in the event that these existing leases are terminated or they are not renewed on commercially acceptable terms, we may suffer a disruption in our operations. If alternative premises are not available at the same or similar costs, sizes or locations, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations may be adversely affected. In addition, any regulatory non-compliance by the landlords or adverse development relating to the landlords’ title or ownership rights to such properties, including as a result of any noncompliance by the landlords, may entail significant disruptions to our operations, especially if we are forced to vacate leased spaces following any such developments, and expose us to reputational risks. If our sales do not increase in line with our rent and costs, including setup and interior design costs, our profitability, cash flows and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

# **30. Internet search engines drive traffic to our platform and our customer growth could decline and our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations would be adversely affected if we fail to appear prominently in search results.** 

Our success depends in part on our ability to attract customers through unpaid internet search results on search engines. The number of customers we attract to our platform from search engines is due in large part to how and where our website ranks in unpaid search results. These rankings can be affected by a number of factors, many of which are not 

52 

under our direct control and may change frequently. For example, a search engine may change its ranking algorithms, methodologies, or design layouts. As a result, links to our website may not be prominent enough to drive traffic to our website, and we may not know how or otherwise be in a position to influence the results. Search engines may also adopt a more aggressive auction-pricing system for keywords that would cause us to incur higher advertising costs or reduce our market visibility to prospective customers. Our website has experienced fluctuations in search result rankings in the past, and we anticipate similar fluctuations in the future. Any reduction in the number of customers directed to our platform could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **31. We may require additional capital through financing in the future and our operations could be curtailed if we are unable to obtain required capital and financing on favorable terms when needed.** 

Some of the subsidiaries of our Company have availed unsecured loans in the form of external commercial borrowings and term loans in the ordinary course of business. For details of our outstanding debt and inter-corporate loans sanctioned by the Company to its subsidiaries as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, see “ _Financial Indebtedness_ ” on page 309. We may need to raise additional capital from time to time, depending on our business requirements. Some of the factors that may require us to raise additional capital include (i) business growth beyond what the current balance sheet can sustain; (ii) unforeseen events beyond our control such as the global lockdown due to the COVID-19 pandemic and (iii) significant depletion in our existing capital base due to unusual operating losses. Any additional equity financing may result in dilution to the holders of the Equity Shares. Further, any financing would also result in the incurrence of interest expense and may impose affirmative and negative covenants that restrict our freedom to operate our business. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain additional capital, including through financing on terms that are acceptable to us, or any financing at all, and the failure to obtain sufficient financing could adversely affect our business operations. 

# **32. Our insurance policies may be insufficient to cover all future costs and losses the incurrence or magnitude of which are unforeseen or unpredictable and could result in an adverse effect on our business operations and results of operations.** 

We maintain insurance coverage under various insurance policies for, among other things, our properties, employees, events organized by us, directors’ and officers’ liability and our delivery partners. For details, see “ _Our Business – Insurance”_ on page 151. As at March 31, 2019, March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2021, our insurance coverage was for ₹502.01 million, ₹787.27 million and ₹900.99 million, respectively, which is 126%, 216% and 386% of the written down value of tangible assets in the respective periods. We do not have any material claims which have been rejected by the insurance companies during the last three Fiscals and while we believe that the level of insurance we maintain is appropriate for the risks of our business, notwithstanding the insurance coverage that we carry, we may not be fully insured against certain business risks. There are many events that could significantly impact our operations, or expose us to third-party liabilities, for which we may not be adequately insured. Our insurance policies contain exclusions and limitations on coverage, as a result of which, we may not be able to successfully assert our claims for any liability or loss under the said insurance policies. Additionally, there may be various other risks and losses for which we are not insured because such risks are either uninsurable or not insurable on commercially acceptable terms. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain insurance of the types or at levels which we deem necessary or adequate or at premiums which we deem to be commercially acceptable in the future. The occurrence of an event for which we are not insured, where the loss is in excess of insured limits occurs or where we are unable to successfully assert insurance claims from losses, could result in uninsured liabilities. Further, despite such uninsured losses we may remain obligated for any financial indebtedness or other obligations related to our business. Additionally, some of our insurance claims have been rejected by the insurance agencies in the past and there can be no assurance that any claim under the insurance policies maintained by us will be honored fully, in part, or on time. To the extent that we suffer any loss or damage that is not covered by insurance or exceeds our insurance coverage, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

# **33. Any failure to offer high-quality support may harm our relationships with restaurant partners, customers, and delivery partners and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.** 

Our ability to attract restaurant partners and customers and onboard delivery partners is dependent in part on our ability to provide high-quality support. Restaurant partners, customers and delivery partners depend on our support organization to resolve any issues relating to our platform. We rely on third parties to provide some support services such as support through call centers to our customers, restaurant partners and delivery partners and our ability to provide effective support is partially dependent on our ability to attract and retain third-party service providers who are not only qualified to support our customer, restaurant partner and delivery partners but are also well versed with our offerings, platform. Further, if any of the personnel deployed by call centers engaged by us indulge in unprofessional or illegal behavior while interacting with restaurant partners, delivery partners or customers, our brand and reputation will be adversely affected. As we continue to grow our business and improve our offerings, we will face challenges related to providing high-quality support services at scale. Any failure to maintain high-quality support, 

53 

or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality support, could harm our reputation and adversely affect our ability to scale our platform and business, our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **34. We outsource a portion of our back-end operations and if our outsourcing service providers fail to meet our requirements or face operational or system disruptions, our business may be adversely affected.** 

We outsource a portion of our services, such as, menu digitization, onboarding of delivery partners, accounts payables. We also outsource our call center service for customer service support. If our outsourcing service providers experience difficulty meeting our requirements for quality and customer service standards, our reputation could suffer and our business and prospects could be adversely affected. Our operations and business could also be materially and adversely affected if our outsourcing service providers face any operational or system interruptions. Further, many of our contracts with outsourcing service providers are short-term or have short notice periods. For example, our agreement with a service provider, which provides call center services for our operations, is for a renewable term of five years but may be terminated by either party on 45 days’ notice. In the event one or more of our contracts with our outsourcing service providers is terminated on short notice, we may be unable to find alternative outsourcing service providers on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Further, the quality of the service provided by a new or replacement outsourcing service providers may not meet our requirements, including during the transition and training phase. Hence, termination of any of our contracts with our outsourcing service providers could cause a decline in the quality of our services and disrupt and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

# **35. Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus contain information from RedSeer which has been commissioned and paid for by us and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in the Offer is subject to inherent risks.** 

Pursuant to being engaged by us, RedSeer, prepared a report on the Indian food services industry, “Report on India Food Services Market” (“ **RedSeer Report** ”). Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus include information based on, or derived from, the RedSeer Report or extracts of the RedSeer Report. We commissioned and paid for this report for the purpose of confirming our understanding of the industry in connection with the Offer. None of our Company (including our Directors), the Selling Shareholder, the legal counsels and the Managers, nor any other person connected with the Offer has verified the information covered in the RedSeer Report and cannot provide any assurance regarding the information in this Red Herring Prospectus derived from, or based on, the RedSeer Report. All such information in this Red Herring Prospectus indicates the RedSeer Report as its source. Accordingly, any information in this Red Herring Prospectus derived from, or based on, the RedSeer Report should be read taking into consideration the foregoing. 

Industry sources and publications are also prepared based on information as of specific dates and may no longer be current or reflect current trends. Industry sources and publications may also base their information on estimates, projections, forecasts and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect. Industry sources do not guarantee the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the data. Further, the RedSeer Report is not a recommendation to invest / disinvest in any company covered in the RedSeer Report. Accordingly, prospective investors should not place undue reliance on, or base their investment decision solely on this information. 

In view of the foregoing, you may not be able to seek legal recourse for any losses resulting from undertaking any investment in the Offer pursuant to reliance on the information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the RedSeer Report. You should consult your own advisors and undertake an independent assessment of information in this Red Herring Prospectus based on, or derived from, the RedSeer Report before making any investment decision regarding the Offer. See “ _Industry Overview – Our Market Opportunity_ ” on page 153. For the disclaimers associated with the RedSeer Report, see “ _Certain Conventions, Presentation of Financial, Industry and Market Data and Currency of Presentation – Disclaimer of RedSeer Management Consulting Private Limited_ ” on page 21. 

# **36. The markets for food delivery services are still in relatively early stages of growth, and if these markets do not continue to grow, grow slower than we expect, or fail to grow as large as we expect, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be adversely affected.** 

Food delivery in India has grown rapidly in recent years, but it is still relatively new, and it is uncertain to what extent market acceptance will continue to grow, if at all. In addition, the market for the other delivery services we facilitate, such as through Hyperpure, is relatively nascent, and it is uncertain whether demand for such services or other delivery services we may facilitate in the future will continue to grow and achieve wide market acceptance, if at all. If the public does not perceive these services as beneficial, or chooses not to adopt them as a result of concerns regarding safety, affordability, or for other reasons, whether as a result of incidents on our platform or on our competitors’ platforms or otherwise, or instead adopts alternative solutions that may arise, then the market for our platform may not further develop, may develop slower than we expect, or may not achieve the growth potential we expect, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

54 

# **37. Our online marketing services/listings or reviews may constitute internet advertisement, which subjects us to laws, rules and regulations applicable to advertising.** 

Indian and international advertising laws, rules and regulations require advertisers, advertising operators and advertising distributors to ensure that the content of the advertisements they prepare or distribute is fair and accurate and is in full compliance with applicable law. Violation of these laws, rules or regulations may result in penalties, including fines, confiscation of advertising costs, orders to cease dissemination of the advertisements and orders to publish corrective information. Complying with these requirements and any penalties or fines for any failure to comply may significantly reduce the attractiveness of our platform and increase our costs and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

In addition, for advertising content related to specific types of products and services, advertisers, advertising operators and advertising distributors must confirm that the advertisers have obtained the requisite government approvals, including the advertiser’s operating qualifications, proof of quality inspection of the advertised products and services, and, with respect to certain industries, government approval of the content of the advertisement and filing with the local authorities. Pursuant to the internet laws in India, we are required to take steps to moderate the content displayed on our platform, such as reviews and pictures posted by customers. This requires considerable resources and time, and could significantly affect the operation of our business, while at the same time also exposing us to increased liability under the relevant laws, rules and regulations. The costs associated with complying with these laws, rules and regulations, including any penalties or fines for our failure to comply if required, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Any further change in the classification of our online marketing services by the Indian government may also significantly disrupt our operations and materially and adversely affect our business and prospects. 

# **38. We are, and also in the future may be, subject to intellectual property infringement claims, which may be expensive to defend and may disrupt our business.** 

The protection of our intellectual property is crucial to the success of our business. We rely on a combination of trademark, trade secret, and copyright law and contractual restrictions to protect our intellectual property. While our agreements with our employees and consultants who develop intellectual property on our behalf include confidentiality provisions and provisions on ownership of intellectual property developed during employment or specific assignments, as applicable, these agreements may not effectively prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, intellectual property, or technology and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information or technology, or infringement of our intellectual property. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may copy aspects of our platform or other software, technology, and functionality or obtain and use information that we consider proprietary. In addition, unauthorized parties may also attempt, or successfully endeavor, to obtain our intellectual property, domain names, confidential information, and trade secrets through various methods, including through cybersecurity attacks, and legal or other methods of protecting this data may be inadequate. 

We have registered, among other trademarks, the term “Zomato” in India and other jurisdictions. However, we have 



applied for, and are yet to receive registration for our logo under certain classes in India. For further details, see “ _Our Business – Intellectual Property_ ” on page 150. Competitors have and may continue to adopt service names similar to ours, thereby harming our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to customer confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other trademarks that are similar to our trademarks. Further, we may not timely or successfully apply for a patent or register our trademarks or copyrights or otherwise secure our intellectual property. Our efforts to protect, maintain, or enforce our proprietary rights may be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

In addition, we allow our customers to upload content to our platform, mobile applications and websites. In particular, our mobile application features a vast amount of detailed and engaging content on our restaurant partners and services. However, content posted on our mobile applications and websites may expose us to allegations by third parties of infringement of intellectual property rights, unfair competition, invasion of privacy, defamation and other violations of third-party rights. We have, on numerous occasions in the past, received notices and have had to take-down trademarks, logos and other content provided to us by our restaurant partners in a manner that breached the intellectual property rights of other individuals and entities. We are and may from time to time be involved in litigation based on allegations of infringement of third-parties’ trademarks and copyrights due to the content available on our platform, our marketing and branding efforts as well as our technology and software. 

Our failure to identify unauthorized content posted on our mobile applications and websites may subject us to claims 

55 

of infringement of third-party intellectual property rights or other rights, defending of which may impose a significant burden on our management and employees, and there can be no assurance that we will obtain final outcomes that are favorable to us. 

We use open source software in connection with our products and services. Companies that incorporate open source software into their products and services have, from time to time, faced claims challenging the ownership of open source software and compliance with open source license terms. As a result, we could be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software or noncompliance with open source licensing terms. Some open source software licenses require customers who distribute open source software as part of their software to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to such software and make available any derivative works of the open source code on unfavorable terms or at no cost. Any requirement to disclose our source code or pay damages for breach of contract could be harmful to our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

# **39. We rely on telecommunications and information technology systems, networks and infrastructure to operate our business and any interruption or breakdown in such systems, networks or infrastructure or our technical systems could impair our ability to effectively operate our platform or provide our services.** 

Our business could be impacted by the failure of telecommunications network operators to provide us with the requisite bandwidth which could also interfere with the speed and availability of our platform, as well as by breakdowns at the level of our Internet service providers. Additionally, systems, app components and software that are developed internally may contain undetected errors, defects or bugs, which we may not be able to detect and repair in time, in a cost-effective manner or at all. In such circumstances, we may be liable for all costs and damages, as we would not be entitled to any indemnification or warranty that may have been available if we had obtained such systems or software from third-party providers. Disruptions or instabilities in telecommunications networks, our website, mobile application, mobile website, servers and databases as well as the functioning of internet service providers could lead to dissatisfaction and damage our reputation. 

In addition, to perform reliably, the fixed telecommunications networks and internet infrastructure of internet service providers in India, and in any other locations that we may operate in, require maintenance and periodic upgrading of the appropriate networks and infrastructure which are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that our back-up and disaster recovery measures and business continuity planning would effectively eliminate or alleviate the risks arising from the above contingencies. In addition, we cannot assure you that a more technologically sophisticated and reliable fixed telecommunications network or internet infrastructure will be developed in India or any other region that we may operate in, that will ensure our ability to deliver smooth and reliable provision of our services to restaurant partners and customers on our platform. Our success will depend upon third parties maintaining and improving internet infrastructure to provide a reliable network with adequate speed and data capacity and telecommunication networks with good quality of services and lower congestion. 

# **40. We have entered into, and will continue to enter into, related party transactions which may potentially involve conflicts of interest.** 

In the ordinary course of our business, we enter into and will continue to enter into transactions with related parties. We have entered into aggregated absolute total related party transactions of ₹ 16,068.86 million, ₹ 3,558.05 million and ₹ 123.55 million representing an aggregate of 122%, 14% and 1% of our revenue from operations in Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021 respectively. The following is the summary of transactions with related parties for the year ended March 31, 2021, March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2019 (post inter-company eliminations): 

_<u>(in ₹ million)</u>_ 

|**S.**<br>**No.**|**Name of the related**<br>**party**|**Nature of**<br>**transactions**|**Year ended**<br>**March 31, 2021**<br>**Transaction for**<br>**the year **|**Year ended March**<br>**31, 2020**<br>**Transaction for the**<br>**year **|<br>**Year ended**<br>**March 31, 2019**<br>**Transaction for**<br>**the year **|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|1|**Remuneration to Key**<br>**Management Personnel**|Salary<br>and<br>other<br>employee benefits*#|108.26|21.47|15.28|
|2|**Joint Venture**|||||
||Zomato Media WLL|Revenue<br>from<br>operations**|**-**|<br>**-**|<br>0.10|
||**Joint Venture of**|||||
|3|Info Edge (India) Limited|Recruitment cost|-|0.69|1.52|
|||Recovery<br>of<br>marketing expense|0.12|**-**|<br>**-**|
|||Rent|0.02|0.02|0.02|
|4|Antfin Singapore Holding<br>Pte. Ltd.|CCCPS Issued|**-**|<br>3,535.87|15,391.94|
|5|**Associate of**|||||



56 

|**S.**<br>**No.**|**Name of the related**<br>**party**|**Nature of**<br>**transactions**|**Year ended**<br>**March 31, 2021**<br>**Transaction for**<br>**the year**|**Year ended March**<br>**31, 2020**<br>**Transaction for the**<br>**year**|**Year ended**<br>**March 31, 2019**<br>**Transaction for**<br>**the year**|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
||AlibabaCloud India LLP|Server hire charges|15.15|**-**|<br>**-**|
|6|**Associates**|||||
||Loyal Hospitality Private<br>Limited|Investment<br>in<br>associates|**-**|<br>**-**|<br>330.00|
|||Provision (reversed) /<br>created for diminution<br>in value of investment|**-**|<br>(330.00)|330.00|
|||Disposal<br>of<br>investment<br>in<br>associates|**-**|<br>330.00|**-**|
|**Total**|**(A)**||123.5<br>5|3,558.0<br>5|16,068.8<br>6|
|**Aggre**<br>**(post e**|**gated absolute total of rev**<br>**limination of inter-company**|**enue from operations**<br>**transactions) (B)**|19,937.8<br>9|26,047.37|13,125.8<br>6|
|**Aggre**<br>**(post**<br>**(%)**|**gated absolute total to rev**<br>**elimination of inter-compa**|**enue from operations**<br>**ny transactions) (A/B)**|1%|14%|122%|



_* Remuneration to the key managerial personnel does not include the provisions made for gratuity and leave encashment, as they are determined on an actuarial basis for the group as a whole._ 

_# Includes a charge of ₹ 58.41 million (March 31, 2020: ₹ 5.93 million and March 31, 2019: ₹ 1.30 million) towards share based payment expense. ** Value less than ₹ 10,000._ 

For details regarding our related party transactions, see “ _Other Financial Information - Related Party Transactions_ ” on page 307. While we believe that all such related party transactions that we have entered into are legitimate business transactions conducted on an arms’ length basis, we cannot assure you these arrangements in the future, or any future related party transactions that we may enter into, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. Further, any future transactions with our related parties could potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to our Company. There can be no assurance that our Directors and executive officers will be able to address such conflicts of interests or others in the future. 

# **41. We track certain operational metrics with internal systems and tools. Certain of our operational metrics are subject to inherent challenges in measurement which may adversely affect our business and reputation.** 

We track certain operational metrics, including order counts and key business and non-GAAP metrics, such as MAU, MTU, Active Food Delivery Restaurants, Active Restaurant Listings, GOV, CAGR and Adjusted EBITDA, among others, with internal systems and tools and which may differ from estimates or similar metrics published by third parties due to differences in sources, methodologies, or the assumptions on which we rely. Our internal systems and tools have a number of limitations, and our methodologies for tracking these metrics may change over time, which could result in unexpected changes to our metrics, including the metrics we publicly disclose. If the internal systems and tools we use to track these metrics undercount or over count performance or contain algorithmic or other technical errors, the data we report may not be accurate. While these numbers are based on what we believe to be reasonable estimates of our metrics for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent challenges in measuring how our platform are used across large populations. For example, the accuracy of our operating metrics could be impacted by fraudulent customers of our platform, and further, we believe that there are customers who have multiple accounts, even though this is prohibited in our Terms of Service and we implement measures to detect and prevent this behavior. Customer usage of multiple accounts may cause us to overstate the number of customers on our platform. In addition, limitations or errors with respect to how we measure data or with respect to the data that we measure may affect our understanding of certain details of our business, which could affect our long-term strategies. If our operating metrics are not accurate representations of our business, if investors do not perceive our operating metrics to be accurate, or if we discover material inaccuracies with respect to these figures, we expect that our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations would be adversely affected. See “ _Our Business”_ on page 131 for more details. 

# **42. Certain of our corporate records and filings are not traceable or have discrepancies. We cannot assure you that regulatory proceedings or actions will not be initiated against us in the future and we will not be subject to any penalty imposed by the competent regulatory authority in this regard.** 

Certain of our Company’s corporate records/ regulatory filings are not traceable or have discrepancies. These comprise untraceable documents, namely the challan (proof of payment) for form filing with the RoC in relation to allotment of 23,640 Equity Shares on February 10, 2012, renunciation letters from shareholders with regard to allotment of Equity Shares on February 6, 2015, missing copies of offer letters and acceptance letters in relation to the rights issue of Class 

57 

B CCCPS, Class C and Class D CCCPS to certain allottees, as well as an incorrect noting in an acknowledgement letter from the RBI regarding the face value of Class F CCPS (which was subsequently clarified through the Company’s authorised dealer bank). For further details, see “ _Capital Structure – Share Capital History of our Company_ ” on page 87. In order to locate such untraceable documents, our Company conducted a search of its internal records, including past correspondences with shareholders and consultants engaged by our Company for processing the form filings made with the RoC. Certain disclosures in this Red Herring Prospectus in relation to such untraceable records/ discrepancies in filings have been made in reliance on other supporting documents available in our records, including the resolutions passed/noting made by the Board or Shareholders in their meetings, or documents annexed to the filings/ clarifications sent to the relevant regulatory authorities highlighting the true and accurate position with regard to the corporate actions undertaken. We cannot assure you that the relevant corporate records will become available in the future, that the discrepancies in filings will be rectified, that regulatory proceedings or actions will not be initiated against us in the future, or that we will not be subject to any penalty imposed by the competent regulatory authority in this respect. 

# **43. We may be required to make regulatory filings, provide further information in respect of matters involving us before the Competition Commission of India and also be subject to payment of penalties, if any.** 

We have recently received a request for information from the CCI including details of an information dated December 22, 2020 filed by an individual, pursuant to concerns raised by the individual primarily on account of certain orders not fulfilled to his satisfaction, in relation to our policies, charges etc. on account of our alleged dominance. Subsequently, the CCI has passed a procedural order dated May 25, 2021, to forward the response submitted by our Company to the informant, to which the informant has responded on June 28, 2021. No formal legal notice or further communication from the CCI has been received in relation to this matter. The impact, if any, on our Company arising out of the action(s) which may be undertaken by the CCI in this matter cannot be ascertained at this stage. For further details, see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation involving our Company - Others_ ” on page 328. 

Further, our Company has received a show cause notice from the CCI on December 21, 2020 in relation to the Uber Eats India Assets Acquisition. In the notice, the CCI has called upon our Company to explain why the Uber Eats India Assets Acquisition was not notified to the CCI for its review and approval under Section 6(2) and other approval provisions of the Competition Act and merger regulations framed thereunder. For further details, please see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation against our Company - Outstanding actions initiated by regulatory and statutory authorities_ ” on page 327. While our Company has responded to the show cause notice on February 5, 2021, there can be no assurance that the CCI will accede to our submissions or will not pass any adverse order against our Company, including imposition of a penalty of up to the maximum prescribed amount under Section 43A of the Competition Act, being up to 1% of the assets or turnover, of the combined entity, whichever is higher, and / or require requisite filings to be made with the CCI in relation to the Uber Eats India Assets Acquisition, which may adversely affect our Company’s business and reputation. 

For further details, please see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation against our Company – Outstanding actions initiated by regulatory and statutory authorities_ ” on page 327. 

# **External Risks** 

# **44. Natural disasters, fires, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other events could materially and adversely affect our business.** 

Natural disasters (such as typhoons, flooding and earthquakes), epidemics, pandemics such as COVID-19, acts of war, terrorist attacks and other events, many of which are beyond our control, may lead to economic instability, including in India or globally, which may in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

Our operations may be adversely affected by fires, natural disasters and/or severe weather, which can result in damage to our property or inventory and generally reduce our productivity and may require us to evacuate personnel and suspend operations. Any terrorist attacks or civil unrest as well as other adverse social, economic and political events in India could have a negative effect on us. Such incidents could also create a greater perception that investment in Indian companies involves a higher degree of risk and could have an adverse effect on our business and the price of the Equity Shares. 

A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases and, for example, have had confirmed cases of diseases such as the highly pathogenic H7N9, H5N1 and H1N1 strains of influenza in birds and swine and more recently, the COVID-19 virus. Certain countries in Southeast Asia have reported cases of bird-to-human transmission of avian and swine influenza, resulting in numerous human deaths. A worsening of the current outbreak of COVID-19 virus or future outbreaks of COVID-19 virus, avian 

58 

or swine influenza or a similar contagious disease could adversely affect the Indian economy and economic activity in the region and in turn have a material adverse effect on our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **45. Changing regulations in India could lead to new compliance requirements that are uncertain.** 

The regulatory and policy environment in which we operate is evolving and is subject to change. The government of India (“ **GoI** ”) may implement new laws or other regulations and policies that could affect the food and hospitality industry and e-commerce in general, which could lead to new compliance requirements, including requiring us to obtain approvals and licenses from the Government and other regulatory bodies, or impose onerous requirements. New compliance requirements could increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Further, the manner in which new requirements will be enforced or interpreted can lead to uncertainty in our operations and could adversely affect our operations. Any changes to such laws, including the instances mentioned below, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. 

For example, the introduction of national goods and service tax (“ **GST** ”) in India replaced taxes levied by central and state governments with a unified tax regime in respect of the supply of goods and services for all of India, which resulted in changes to India’s food service industry. Similarly, supplies on an e-commerce platform are subject to deduction of TCS at the rate of 1% under applicable GST laws, where consideration for such supply is received by the e-commerce company. Any changes to the GST rate or rules and regulations surrounding GST and the related uncertainties with respect to the implementation of GST may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Further, in order for us to utilize input credit under GST, the entire value chain has to be GST-compliant, including us. While we are and will continue to adhere to the GST rules and regulations, there can be no assurance that our relevant counterparties will do so. Any such failure may result in increased cost on account of non-compliance with the GST and may adversely affect our business, cash flows and results of operations. 

Further, the Finance Act, 2020, has, amongst others things, notified changes and provided a number of amendments to the direct and indirect tax regime, including, without limitation, a simplified alternate direct tax regime and that dividend distribution tax ( **“DDT** ”), will not be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident and are subject to tax deduction at source. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source from such dividend. Investors should consult their own tax advisors about the consequences of investing or trading in the Equity Shares. 

In the same Finance Act, 2020, a new provision was introduced to put an obligation on every e-commerce company to deduct tax at source on all supplies through the platform, irrespective of consideration received or otherwise, based on the tax rate determined based on the validation of PAN details of the platform suppliers. These provisions were made effective from October 1, 2020 and create an additional compliance burden on the Company. Any failure in such deduction could lead to costs being incurred to correct the tax defect or non-compliance. 

With several proposals to introduce further regulatory compliances, additional conditions to be met to receive benefits under existing regimes being introduced, upon any such proposals being notified, we may also become subject to _inter alia_ additional compliances and increased associated costs. For instance, under the Finance Act, 2021, with effect from July 1, 2021, higher TDS rates may become applicable in the event of failure of certain compliances, including of linking Aadhar with permanent account numbers, or onerous conditions being proposed including to display QR codes on B2C transactions which could pose operational and implementation challenges given the large number of orders in invoices. 

Additionally, the GoI has recently introduced (a) the Code on Wages, 2019 (“ **Wages Code** ”); (b) the Code on Social Security, 2020 (“ **Social Security Code** ”); (c) the Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020; and (d) the Industrial Relations Code, 2020 which consolidate, subsume and replace numerous existing central labour legislations. While the rules for implementation under these codes have not been notified, we are yet to determine the impact of all or some such laws on our business and operations which may restrict our ability to grow our business in the future. For example, the Social Security Code aims to provide uniformity in providing social security benefits to the employees which was earlier segregated under different acts and had different applicability and coverage. The Social Security Code has introduced the concept of workers outside traditional employer-employee workarrangements (including in online and digital platform such as ours), such as ‘gig workers’ and ‘platform workers’ and provides for the mandatory registration of such workers in order to enable these workers to avail benefits of, among others, life and disability cover, health and maternity benefits, old age protection, under schemes framed under the Social Security Code from time to time. Further, the Social Security Code provides that such schemes may _inter alia_ , be partly funded by contributions from platform such as ours. Further, the Wages Code limits the amounts that may 

59 

be excluded from being accounted toward employment benefits (such as gratuity and maternity benefits) to a maximum of 50% of the wages payable to employees. The implementation of such laws have the ability to increase our employee and labour costs, thereby adversely impacting our results of operations, cash flows, business and financial performance. 

# **46. An interpretation rendering us a deemed employer of our delivery partners pursuant to a notice received from the Employees Provident Fund Organisation may result in increased costs and adversely impact our business, results of operation, cash flows and financial condition.** 

In January 2020, we received a notice from the Employees Provident Fund Organization, Gurgaon branch (“ **EPFO** ”), alleging, among other items, that our Company had neglected and evaded payment of provident fund contributions towards our delivery partners. For further details, please see “ _Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – Litigation against our Company - Outstanding actions initiated by regulatory and statutory authorities_ ” on page 327. Our Company has responded to this notice and appeared in hearings in this matter stating, among other items, that our delivery partners are not employees in terms of the Employees Provident Fund and Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952. We cannot assure you that the EPFO will accede to our contentions. Any unfavorable orders or findings in this matter, including any interpretation that renders us a deemed employer of our delivery partners, may result in increased costs and adversely impact our business and operating models, our results of operation, cash flows and financial condition. 

Additionally, if we are affected, directly or indirectly, by the application or interpretation of any provision of such laws and regulations or any related proceedings, or are required to bear any costs in order to comply with such provisions or to defend such proceedings, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected. 

# **47. A downgrade in ratings of India, may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares.** 

Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. India’s sovereign rating decreased from Baa2 with a “negative” outlook to Baa3 with a “negative” outlook by Moody’s and from BBB with a “stable” outlook to BBB with a “negative” outlook (Fitch) in June 2020; and from BBB “stable” to BBB “negative” by DBRS in May 2020. India’s sovereign ratings from S&P is BBB- with a “stable” outlook. Any further adverse revisions to India’s credit ratings for domestic and international debt by international rating agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing and the interest rates and other commercial terms at which such financing is available, including raising any overseas additional financing. A downgrading of India’s credit ratings may occur, for example, upon a change of government tax or fiscal policy, which are outside our control. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms or at all, and consequently adversely affect our business, cash flows and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **48. Political changes could adversely affect economic conditions in India.** 

Our Company is incorporated in India and derives the majority of its revenue from operations in India and the majority of its assets are located in India. Consequently, our performance and the market price of the Equity Shares may be affected by interest rates, government policies, taxation, social and ethnic instability and other political and economic developments affecting India. 

Our business results depend on a number of general macroeconomic and demographic factors in India which are beyond our control. In particular, our revenue and profitability are strongly correlated to customer discretionary spending, which is influenced by general economic conditions, unemployment levels, the availability of discretionary income and customer confidence. Recessionary economic cycles, a protracted economic slowdown, a worsening economy, increased unemployment, increased food prices, increased energy prices, rising interest rates or other industry-wide cost pressures could also affect customer behavior and spending for restaurant dining occasions and lead to a decline in our sales and earnings. 

Factors that may adversely affect the Indian economy, and hence our results of operations and cash flows, may include: 

- the macroeconomic climate, including any increase in Indian interest rates or inflation; 

- any exchange rate fluctuations, the imposition of currency controls and restrictions on the right to convert or repatriate currency or export assets; 

- any scarcity of credit or other financing in India, resulting in an adverse effect on economic conditions in India and scarcity of financing for our expansions; 

- prevailing income conditions among Indian customers and Indian corporations; 

- epidemic, pandemic or any other public health in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in 

60 

India’s various neighboring countries; 

- volatility in, and actual or perceived trends in trading activity on, India’s principal stock exchanges; 

- 

   - changes in India’s tax, trade, fiscal or monetary policies; 

- political instability, terrorism or military conflict in India or in countries in the region or globally, including in India’s various neighboring countries; 

- 

   - occurrence of natural or man-made disasters; 

- prevailing regional or global economic conditions, including in India’s principal export markets; 

- other significant regulatory or economic developments in or affecting India or its consumption sector; 

- international business practices that may conflict with other customs or legal requirements to which we are subject, including anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws; 

- protectionist and other adverse public policies, including local content requirements, import/export tariffs, increased regulations or capital investment requirements; 

- logistical and communications challenges; 

- downgrading of India’s sovereign debt rating by rating agencies; 

- difficulty in developing any necessary partnerships with local businesses on commercially acceptable terms or on a timely basis; and 

- being subject to the jurisdiction of foreign courts, including uncertainty of judicial processes and difficulty enforcing contractual agreements or judgments in foreign legal systems or incurring additional costs to do so. 

Any slowdown or perceived slowdown in the Indian economy, or in specific sectors of the Indian economy, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition and the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **49. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets.** 

The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in Asia, Russia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has adversely affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. 

Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India. Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. Financial disruptions could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Furthermore, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on India. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy. Following the United Kingdom’s exit from the European Union (“ **Brexit** ”), there remains significant uncertainty around the terms of their future relationship with the European Union and, more generally, as to the impact of Brexit on the general economic conditions in the United Kingdom and the European Union and any consequential impact on global financial markets. For example, Brexit could give rise to increased volatility in foreign exchange rate movements and the value of equity and debt investments. 

In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. The sovereign rating downgrades for Brazil and Russia (and the imposition of sanctions on Russia) have also added to the growth risks for these markets. These factors may also result in a slowdown in India’s export growth. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilizing effects. Any significant financial disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operation. 

61 

These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations and reduce the price of the Equity Shares. 

# **50. If inflation rises in India, increased costs may result in a decline in profits.** 

Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue. Increasing inflation in India could cause a rise in the costs of rent, wages, raw materials and other expenses. If we are unable to increase our revenues sufficiently to offset our increased costs due to inflation, it could have an adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

# **51. Significant differences exist between Ind AS and other accounting principles, such as Indian GAAP, IFRS and U.S. GAAP, which may be material to investors’ assessments of our financial condition, result of operations and cash flows.** 

Our restated financial information for Fiscals 2019, 2020 and 2021 included in this Red Herring Prospectus are derived from the Audited Financial Statements prepared under the Ind AS, in each case restated in accordance with the requirements of Section 26 of part I of the Companies Act, 2013, the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Guidance Note on “Reports in Company Prospectus (Revised 2019)” issued by the ICAI. Ind AS differs from accounting principles with which prospective investors may be familiar, such as Indian GAAP, IFRS and U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, the degree to which the Restated Financial Information included in this Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Ind AS. Persons not familiar with Ind AS should limit their reliance on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus. 

# **52. Our business and activities may be regulated by the Competition Act, 2002 and proceedings may be enforced against us.** 

The Competition Act seeks to prevent business practices that have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India. Under the Competition Act, any arrangement, understanding or action in concert between enterprises, whether formal or informal, which causes or is likely to cause an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India is void and attracts substantial monetary penalties. Further, any agreement among competitors which directly or indirectly involves the determination of purchase or sale prices, limits or controls production, supply, markets, technical development, investment or provision of services, shares the market or source of production or provision of services in any manner by way of allocation of geographical area, type of goods or services or number of customers in the relevant market or in any other similar way or directly or indirectly results in bid-rigging or collusive bidding is presumed to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition. 

The Competition Act also prohibits abuse of a dominant position by any enterprise. If it is proved that the contravention committed by a company took place with the consent or connivance or is attributable to any neglect on the part of, any director, manager, secretary or other officer of such company, that person shall be also guilty of the contravention and may be punished. On March 4, 2011, the GoI notified and brought into force the combination regulation (merger control) provisions under the Competition Act with effect from June 1, 2011. These provisions require acquisitions of shares, voting rights, assets or control or mergers or amalgamations that cross the prescribed asset and turnover based thresholds to be mandatorily notified to, and pre-approved by, the Competition Commission of India, or CCI. Additionally, on May 11, 2011, the CCI issued the Competition Commission of India (Procedure in regard to the transaction of business relating to combinations) Regulations, 2011, as amended, which sets out the mechanism for implementation of the merger control regime in India. 

The Competition Act aims to, among other things, prohibit all agreements and transactions, including agreements between vertical trading partners _i.e._ entities at different stages or levels of the production chain in different markets, which may have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. Consequently, all agreements entered into by us could be within the purview of the Competition Act. Further, the CCI has extra-territorial powers and can investigate any agreements, abusive conduct or combination occurring outside of India if such agreement, conduct or combination has an appreciable adverse effect on competition in India. However, the effect of the provisions of the Competition Act on the agreements entered into by us cannot be predicted with certainty at this stage. We may also be subject to queries from the CCI pursuant to complaints by customers or any third persons, which could be made without any or adequate basis given our market presence. See also “ _-We may be required to make regulatory filings, provide further information in respect of matters involving us before the Competition Commission of India and also be subject to payment of penalties, if any_ ” on page 58. 

# **53. Our ability to raise foreign capital may be constrained by Indian law.** 

62 

Under foreign exchange regulations currently in force in India, transfer of shares between non-residents and residents are freely permitted (subject to certain exceptions), if they comply with the valuation and reporting requirements specified by the RBI. If a transfer of shares is not in compliance with such requirements and fall under any of the exceptions specified by the RBI, then the RBI’s prior approval is required. Additionally, shareholders who seek to convert Rupee proceeds from a sale of shares in India into foreign currency and repatriate that foreign currency from India require a no-objection or a tax clearance certificate from the Indian income tax authorities. We cannot assure you that any required approval from the RBI or any other governmental agency can be obtained on any particular terms, or at all. 

In terms of Press Note 3 of 2020, dated April 17, 2020, issued by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (“ **DPIIT** ”), the foreign direct investment policy has been recently amended to state that all investments under the foreign direct investment route by entities of a country which shares land border with India or where the beneficial owner of an investment into India is situated in or is a citizen of any such country will require prior approval of the GoI. Further, in the event of transfer of ownership of any existing or future foreign direct investment in an entity in India, directly or indirectly, resulting in the beneficial ownership falling within the aforesaid restriction/ purview, such subsequent change in the beneficial ownership will also require approval of the GoI. Furthermore, on April 22, 2020, the Ministry of Finance, GoI has also made similar amendment to the FEMA Rules. While the term “beneficial owner” is defined under the Prevention of Money-Laundering (Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005 and the General Financial Rules, 2017, neither the foreign direct investment policy nor the FEMA Rules provide a definition of the term “beneficial owner”. The interpretation of “beneficial owner” and enforcement of this regulatory change involves certain uncertainties, which may have an adverse effect on our ability to raise foreign capital. Further, there is uncertainty regarding the timeline within which the said approval from the GoI may be obtained, if at all. 

# **54. We are, and after the Offer will remain, a “foreign owned and controlled” company in accordance with the Consolidated FDI Policy and FEMA Rules and accordingly, we shall be subject to Indian foreign investment laws** 

In accordance with the provisions of the Consolidated FDI Policy and FEMA Rules, our Company is a foreign owned and controlled company. As a foreign owned and controlled company, our Company is subject to various requirements under the Consolidated FDI Policy and other Indian foreign investment laws. Such requirements include restriction on undertaking certain business activities without prior Government approval or at all, and pricing guidelines applicable to issue or transfer of our Equity Shares. 

While we believe that our business activities have been, and continue to remain, compliant with the requirements under the Consolidated FDI Policy and other Indian foreign investment laws, we cannot assure you that the Government, or a regulatory or judicial authority, will not take a different interpretation. A determination by the Government, or a regulatory or judicial authority, that any of our business activities are being, or have been, conducted in violation of the Consolidated FDI Policy and other applicable Indian foreign investment laws, would attract regulatory sanctions, including monetary penalties. In such an event, we may also have to cease undertaking the relevant business activities. Further, till the time we continue to be a foreign owned and controlled company, we may not be able to undertake certain commercially attractive business activities or investments without prior approval of the Government or at all. 

# **Risks Related to the Offer** 

# **55. Our Company is a professionally managed company and does not have an identifiable promoter in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Companies Act, 2013.** 

Our Company is a professionally managed company and does not have an identifiable promoter in terms of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Companies Act 2013. Accordingly, in terms of Regulation 14(1) of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, there is no requirement of minimum promoter’s contribution in this Offer and accordingly, none of the Equity Shares will be locked in for a period of three years pursuant to the Offer. In terms of Regulations 17 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the entire pre-Offer equity share capital will be locked-in for a period of one year from the date of Allotment, other than (a) Equity Shares which are successfully transferred as part of the Offer for Sale; and (b) any Equity Shares allotted to employees, whether currently an employee or not, pursuant to the ESOP 2014, ESOP 2018 and ESOP 2021 prior to the Offer. 

Following the lock-in period of one year, the pre-Offer shareholders, may sell their shareholding in our Company, depending on market conditions and their investment horizon. Further, any perception by investors that such sales might occur could additionally affect the trading price of the Equity Shares. 

# **56. In the event that our Net Proceeds to be utilised towards inorganic growth initiatives are insufficient for the cost of our proposed inorganic acquisition, we may have to seek alternative forms of funding.** 

We propose to utilise the Net Proceeds towards inorganic growth initiatives, as set forth in “ _Objects of the Offer_ ” on 

63 

page 114. We will from time to time continue to seek attractive inorganic opportunities that will fit well with our strategic business objectives and growth strategies, and the amount of Net Proceeds to be used for acquisitions will be based on our management’s decision. The amounts deployed towards such initiatives may not be the total value or cost of such acquisitions or investments, resulting in a shortfall in raising requisite capital from the Net Proceeds towards such acquisitions or investments. Consequently, we may be required to explore a range of options to raise requisite capital, including utilising our internal accruals and/or seeking debt, including from third party lenders or institutions. 

# **57. We cannot assure payment of dividends on the Equity Shares in the future.** 

Our Company does not have a formal dividend policy as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. Further, our Company has not declared dividends on the Equity Shares during the current Fiscal and the last three Fiscals. Our ability to pay dividends in the future will depend upon our future results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, sufficient profitability, working capital requirements and capital expenditure requirements and other factors considered relevant by our directors and shareholders. Our ability to pay dividends may also be restricted under certain financing arrangements that we may enter into. We cannot assure you that we will be able to pay dividends on the Equity Shares at any point in the future. For details pertaining to dividend declared by us in the past, see “ _Dividend Policy_ ” on page 211. 

# **58. Our Equity Shares have never been publicly traded, and after the Offer, the Equity Shares may experience price and volume fluctuations, and an active trading market for the Equity Shares may not develop. Further, the Offer Price may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer.** 

Prior to the Offer, there has been no public market for the Equity Shares, and an active trading market on the Stock Exchanges may not develop or be sustained after the Offer. Listing and quotation does not guarantee that a market for the Equity Shares will develop, or if developed, the liquidity of such a market for the Equity Shares. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares is proposed to be determined through a book-building process and may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares at the time of commencement of trading of the Equity Shares or at any time thereafter. The market price of the Equity Shares may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, variations in our operating results of our Company, market conditions specific to the industry we operate in, developments relating to India, volatility in securities markets in jurisdictions other than India, variations in the growth rate of financial indicators, variations in revenue or earnings estimates by research publications, and changes in economic, legal and other regulatory factors. Consequently, the price of our Equity Shares may be volatile, and you may be unable to resell your Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price, or at all. 

There has been significant volatility in the Indian stock markets in the recent past, and our Equity Share price could fluctuate significantly because of market volatility. A decrease in the market price of our Equity Shares could cause investors to lose some or all of their investment. 

# **59. The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions and the Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer. Further, the current market price of some securities listed pursuant to certain previous issues managed by the Managers is below their respective issue prices.** 

The determination of the Price Band is based on various factors and assumptions, and will be determined by our Company in consultation with the Selling Shareholder and the Managers. Furthermore, the Offer Price of the Equity Shares will be determined by our Company in consultation with the Selling Shareholder and the Managers through the Book Building Process. These will be based on numerous factors, including factors as described under “ _Basis for Offer Price_ ” on page 121 and may not be indicative of the market price for the Equity Shares after the Offer. 

In addition to the above, the current market price of securities listed pursuant to certain previous initial public offerings managed by the Managers is below their respective issue price. For further details, see “ _Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Price information of past issues handled by the Managers_ ” on pages 353 to 358. The factors that could affect the market price of the Equity Shares include, among others, broad market trends, financial performance and results of our Company post-listing, and other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that an active market will develop or sustained trading will take place in the Equity Shares or provide any assurance regarding the price at which the Equity Shares will be traded after listing. 

# **60. Investors may be subject to Indian taxes arising out of income arising on the sale of and dividend on the Equity Shares.** 

Under current Indian tax laws, unless specifically exempted, capital gains arising from the sale of equity shares held 

64 

as investments in an Indian company are generally taxable in India. Any capital gain realized on the sale of listed equity shares on a Stock Exchange held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to long term capital gains in India at the specified rates depending on certain factors, such as whether the sale is undertaken on or off the Stock Exchanges, the quantum of gains and any available treaty relief. Accordingly, you may be subject to payment of long term capital gains tax in India, in addition to payment of Securities Transaction Tax (“ **STT** ”), on the sale of any Equity Shares held for more than 12 months immediately preceding the date of transfer. STT will be levied on and collected by a domestic stock exchange on which the Equity Shares are sold. 

Further, any capital gains realized on the sale of listed equity shares held for a period of 12 months or less immediately preceding the date of transfer will be subject to short term capital gains tax in India. 

Capital gains arising from the sale of the Equity Shares will not be chargeable to tax in India in cases where relief from such taxation in India is provided under a treaty between India and the country of which the seller is resident and the seller is entitled to avail benefits thereunder, subject to certain conditions. Generally, Indian tax treaties do not limit India’s ability to impose tax on capital gains. As a result, residents of other countries may be liable for tax in India as well as in their own jurisdiction on a gain upon the sale of the Equity Shares. 

Similarly, any business income realized from the transfer of Equity Shares held as trading assets is taxable at the applicable tax rates subject to any treaty relief, if applicable, to a non-resident seller. Additionally, in terms of the Finance Act, 2018, which has been notified on March 29, 2018 with effect from April 1, 2018, the tax payable by an assessee on the capital gains arising from transfer of long term capital asset (introduced as section 112A of the IncomeTax Act, 1961) shall be calculated on such long-term capital gains at the rate of 10%, where the long-term capital gains exceed ₹100,000, subject to certain exceptions in case of a resident individuals and HUF. 

Further, the Finance Act, 2019 has made various amendments in the taxation laws and has also clarified that, in the absence of a specific provision under an agreement, the liability to pay stamp duty in case of sale of securities through stock exchanges will be on the buyer, while in other cases of transfer for consideration through a depository, the onus will be on the transferor. The stamp duty for transfer of securities other than debentures, on a delivery basis is specified at 0.015% and on a non -delivery basis is specified at 0.003% of the consideration amount. These amendments have come into effect from July 1, 2020. The Government of India had announced the union budget for Fiscal 2022 and the Finance Act, 2021 received assent from the President of India on March 28, 2021 and was made effective from April 1, 2021. There is no certainty on the impact that the Finance Act, 2021 may have on our business and operations or in the industry we operate in. 

Additionally, the Finance Act does not require DDT to be payable in respect of dividends declared, distributed or paid by a domestic company after March 31, 2020, and accordingly, such dividends would not be exempt in the hands of the shareholders, both resident as well as non-resident. The Company may or may not grant the benefit of a tax treaty (where applicable) to a non-resident shareholder for the purposes of deducting tax at source pursuant to any corporate action including dividends. 

# **61. QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid, and Retail Individual Investors are not permitted to withdraw their Bids after Bid/Offer Closing Date.** 

Pursuant to the SEBI ICDR Regulations, QIBs and Non-Institutional Investors are required to pay the Bid Amount on submission of the Bid and are not permitted to withdraw or lower their Bids (in terms of quantity of Equity Shares or the Bid Amount) at any stage after submitting a Bid. Retail Individual Investors can revise their Bids during the Bid/Offer Period and withdraw their Bids until Bid/Offer Closing Date. While our Company is required to complete all necessary formalities for listing and commencement of trading of the Equity Shares on all Stock Exchanges where such Equity Shares are proposed to be listed including Allotment pursuant to the Offer within six Working Days from the Bid/Offer Closing Date, events affecting the Bidders’ decision to invest in the Equity Shares, including material adverse changes in international or national monetary policy, financial, political or economic conditions, our business, results of operation or financial condition may arise between the date of submission of the Bid and Allotment. Our Company may complete the Allotment of the Equity Shares even if such events occur, and such events limit the Bidders’ ability to sell the Equity Shares Allotted pursuant to the Offer or cause the trading price of the Equity Shares to decline on listing. 

# **62. There is no guarantee that our Equity Shares will be listed on the BSE and NSE in a timely manner or at all.** 

In accordance with Indian law and practice, permission for listing and trading of our Equity Shares will not be granted until after certain actions have been completed in relation to this Offer and until Allotment of Equity Shares pursuant to this Offer. 

In accordance with current regulations and circulars issued by SEBI, our Equity Shares are required to be listed on the 

65 

BSE and NSE within such time as mandated under UPI Circulars, subject to any change in the prescribed timeline in this regard. However, we cannot assure you that the trading in our Equity Shares will commence in a timely manner or at all. Any failure or delay in obtaining final listing and trading approvals may restrict your ability to dispose of your Equity Shares. 

# **63. The Offer Price of the Equity Shares may not be indicative of the market price of the Equity Shares after the Offer.** 

The initial public offering price will be determined by the Book Building Process and may not be indicative of prices that will prevail in the open market following the Offer. The market price of the Equity Shares may be influenced by many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

- the failure of security analysts to cover the Equity Shares after this Offer, or changes in the estimates of our performance by analysts; 

- the activities of competitors and suppliers; 

- future sales of the Equity Shares by our Company or our shareholders; 

- investor perception of us and the industry in which we operate; 

- our quarterly or annual earnings or those of our competitors; 

- developments affecting fiscal, industrial or environmental regulations; 

- the public’s reaction to our press releases and adverse media reports; and 

- general economic conditions. 

As a result of these factors, investors may not be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the initial public offering price. In addition, the stock market often experiences price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of a particular company. These broad market fluctuations and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of the Equity Shares, regardless of our Company’s performance. There can be no assurance that the investor will be able to resell their Equity Shares at or above the Offer Price. 

# **64. Investors may have difficulty enforcing foreign judgments against our Company or our management.** 

Our Company is a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of India. The majority of our directors and executive officers are residents of India. A substantial portion of our Company’s assets and the assets of our Directors and executive officers resident in India are located in India. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process upon us or such persons outside India or to enforce judgments obtained against our Company or such parties outside India. 

Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (“ **CPC** ”), on a statutory basis. Section 13 of the CPC provides that foreign judgments shall be conclusive regarding any matter directly adjudicated upon, except: (i) where the judgment has not been pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction; (ii) where the judgment has not been given on the merits of the case; (iii) where it appears on the face of the proceedings that the judgment is founded on an incorrect view of international law or a refusal to recognize the law of India in cases to which such law is applicable; (iv) where the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were opposed to natural justice; (v) where the judgment has been obtained by fraud; and (vi) where the judgment sustains a claim founded on a breach of any law then in force in India. Under the CPC, a court in India shall, upon the production of any document purporting to be a certified copy of a foreign judgment, presume that the judgment was pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction, unless the contrary appears on record. However, under the CPC, such presumption may be displaced by proving that the court did not have jurisdiction. 

India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. Section 44A of the CPC provides that where a foreign judgment has been rendered by a superior court, within the meaning of that Section, in any country or territory outside of India which the GoI has by notification declared to be in a reciprocating territory, it may be enforced in India by proceedings in execution as if the judgment had been rendered by the relevant court in India. However, Section 44A of the CPC is applicable only to monetary decrees not being of the same nature as amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges of a like nature or of a fine or other penalties. Some jurisdictions including the United Kingdom, United Arab Emirates, Singapore and Hong Kong have been declared by the GoI to be reciprocating countries for the purposes of Section 44A of the CPC. 

The United States and India do not currently have a treaty providing for reciprocal recognition and enforcement of 

66 

judgments, other than arbitration awards, in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in the United States on civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the federal securities laws of the United States, would not be enforceable in India. However, the party in whose favor such final judgment is rendered may bring a new suit in a competent court in India based on a final judgment that has been obtained in the United States. The suit must be brought in India within three years from the date of the judgment in the same manner as any other suit filed to enforce a civil liability in India. 

Further, there may be considerable delays in the disposal of suits by Indian courts. It is unlikely that a court in India would award damages on the same basis as a foreign court if an action were brought in India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce a foreign judgment if that court were of the view that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy or Indian law. It is uncertain as to whether an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments that would contravene or violate Indian law. However, a party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain approval from the RBI under the FEMA to execute such a judgment or to repatriate any amount recovered. 

# **65. The requirements of being a listed company may strain our resources.** 

We are not a listed company and have historically not been subjected to the compliance requirements and increased scrutiny of our affairs by shareholders, regulators and the public at large associated with being a listed company. As a listed company, we will incur significant legal, compliance, accounting, corporate governance and other expenses that we did not incur as an unlisted company. We will be subject to the SEBI Listing Regulations which will require us to file audited annual and unaudited quarterly reports with respect to our business and financial condition. If we experience any delays, we may fail to satisfy our reporting obligations and/or we may not be able to readily determine and accordingly report any changes in our results of operations or cash flows as promptly as other listed companies. 

Further, as a listed company, we will be required to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including keeping adequate records of daily transactions. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management attention will be required. As a result, our management’s attention may be diverted from our business concerns, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we may need to hire additional legal and accounting staff with appropriate experience and technical accounting knowledge, but we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so in a timely and efficient manner. 

# **66. Holders of Equity Shares could be restricted in their ability to exercise pre-emptive rights under Indian law and could thereby suffer future dilution of their ownership position.** 

Under the Companies Act, a company having share capital and incorporated in India must offer holders of its Equity Shares pre-emptive rights to subscribe and pay for a proportionate number of Equity Shares to maintain their existing ownership percentages prior to the issuance of any new equity shares, unless the pre-emptive rights have been waived by the adoption of a special resolution by holders of three-fourths of the Equity Shares who have voted on such resolution. However, if the laws of the jurisdiction that you are in does not permit the exercise of such pre-emptive rights without us filing an offering document or registration statement with the applicable authority in such jurisdiction, you will be unable to exercise such pre-emptive rights unless we make such a filing. We may elect not to file a registration statement in relation to pre-emptive rights otherwise available by Indian law to you. To the extent that you are unable to exercise pre-emptive rights granted in respect of the Equity Shares, you may suffer future dilution of your ownership position and your proportional interests in us would be reduced. 

# **67. Any future issuance of Equity Shares or convertible securities or other equity linked securities by our Company may dilute your shareholding and sales of the Equity Shares by our major shareholders may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares.** 

Any future equity issuances by us, including a primary offering, may lead to the dilution of investors’ shareholdings in us. Any disposal of Equity Shares by our major shareholders or the perception that such issuance or sales may occur, including to comply with the minimum public shareholding norms applicable to listed companies in India may adversely affect the trading price of the Equity Shares, which may lead to other adverse consequences including difficulty in raising capital through offering of the Equity Shares or incurring additional debt. There can be no assurance that we will not issue further Equity Shares or that the shareholders will not dispose of the Equity Shares. Any future issuances could also dilute the value of your investment in the Equity Shares. In addition, any perception by investors that such issuances or sales might occur may also affect the market price of the Equity Shares. 

# **68. A third party could be prevented from acquiring control of our Company because of anti-takeover provisions** 

67 

# **under Indian law.** 

There are provisions in Indian law that may delay, deter or prevent a future takeover or change in control of our Company, even if a change in control would result in the purchase of your Equity Shares at a premium to the market price or would otherwise be beneficial to you. Such provisions may discourage or prevent certain types of transactions involving actual or threatened change in control of our Company. Under the Takeover Regulations, an acquirer has been defined as any person who, directly or indirectly, acquires or agrees to acquire shares or voting rights or control over a company, whether individually or acting in concert with others. Although these provisions have been formulated to ensure that interests of investors/shareholders are protected, these provisions may also discourage a third party from attempting to take control of our Company. Consequently, even if a potential takeover of our Company would result in the purchase of the Equity Shares at a premium to their market price or would otherwise be beneficial to its stakeholders, it is possible that such a takeover would not be attempted or consummated because of the SEBI Takeover Regulations. 

# **69. Rights of shareholders of companies under Indian law may be more limited than under the laws of other jurisdictions.** 

Our Articles of Association, composition of our Board, Indian laws governing our corporate affairs, the validity of corporate procedures, directors’ fiduciary duties, responsibilities and liabilities, and shareholders’ rights may differ from those that would apply to a company in another jurisdiction. Shareholders’ rights under Indian law may not be as extensive and widespread as shareholders’ rights under the laws of other countries or jurisdictions. Investors may face challenges in asserting their rights as shareholder in an Indian company than as shareholders of an entity in another jurisdiction. 

68 

